table contents introdution problems ooobtc exchange platform overview technical architecture safety preview our fiat and debit system peer-to-peer purchasing our advantages coin pairing system coin exchange application device coverage revenue structure ooobtc exchange token (obx) token use case token liquidity obx allocation obx reserved obx liquidity obx dividends system ooobtc gaming platform ooobtc charity foundation development roadmap conclusion introduction the cryptocurrency market seems growing popularity every day. with the astronomical rise cryptocurrencies like bitcoin and ethereum, there seems influx people into the market. many cryptocurrency exchanges cannot even afford have their account creation feature open all the time. such the demand for entry into the market that trading account creation for new customers periodically disabled. the average daily trading volume the market usually trillions dollars. the total market cap the entire market stands more than half trillion dollars which astonishing feat considering the market less than decade old. however, despite all these large numbers, there are number major problems that plague the market. use these numbers solely appraisal index the state the market would present false narrative. there are structural and functional issues that affect the market. these problems stem from variety reasons such the infant nature the market, lack understanding the cryptocurrency space, and some peculiar economics cryptocurrencies. the following are some the major problems the cryptocurrency market. price manipulation far the biggest issue the cryptocurrency market the excessive volatility. the prices cryptocurrencies exchange platforms rise and fall dramatically over short period time. when tradable asset can drop much percent less than hours, then the volatility the market high. there are number reasons that contribute the excessive volatility the market but perhaps the biggest contributor the activities "whales." whales are individuals that have large cryptocurrency holdings. they are able swing the market manipulating the price cryptocurrency. they this means "buy and sell walls." buy wall simply when "buy position" worth lot money (probably running into millions dollars) opened crypto trading platform. regular investors who trade small amounts will notice this big buy position that has been opened and interpret mean imminent price increase. once this happens, the price the cryptocurrency will inevitably up. pump and dump ico schemes icos have emerged become integral part the cryptocurrency market. many tokens are introduced steps that need carried out. lack price uniformity the market via icos with investors buying these tokens exchange for fiat money. pump and dump ico schemes continue problem for the market due the lack regulation. during the ico, the entrepreneurs behind the token speculate massively the coin, driving the prices and getting investors attracted. once this done, they cash out, leaving the investors with worthless coins that have little value. the activities cybercriminals the cryptocurrency market has right from its inception been beset the activities hackers and cybercriminals. there have been number high-profile cryptocurrency hacks and heists that have resulted millions dollars being stolen. traders and investors have lost funds and some platforms have ceased operate. the aftermath these hacks, the price particular cryptocurrencies has dropped considerably. bid counter the activities these cybercriminals, traders and platform operators have take number precautionary measures. while some these measures are indeed helpful, they create bottlenecks that hamper the cryptocurrency trading process. this then creates trade-off between security and efficiency. take for instance, the need provide adequate security for cryptocurrency held wallet storage. due the activities hackers, some traders prefer store the bulk their cryptocurrency holdings offline wallets. this means that anytime they wish trade, they have move from offline storage online storage before participating the trade. this constitutes another hassle already convoluted trading environment. transactions blockchain are immutable and such funds get stolen, there little chance ever recovering such funds. cryptocurrency trading platforms constantly have improve their security framework order stay ahead the hackers and thieves. many these upgrades also make the trading process lot more cumbersome with all the authentication price charting essential part asset/commodity trading. often necessary develop price charts order carry out investment analysis and develop trading strategies. the problem here the price cryptocurrency can vary considerably the different exchange platforms. with such extreme price differences for the same cryptocurrency, price charting becomes difficult endeavor. add this, the sheer degree volatility the market and the problem becomes even more exacerbated. transaction delays the cryptocurrency market plagued with litany delays across almost every type transaction. from opening trading account verifying your identity and being able make deposits and withdrawals, the system seems quite slow. blockchain technology ought make transactions occur faster but seems take forever for transactions approved the various chains. issues having with scalability have been identified experts being the cause transaction delays. the blockchains become longer, more transactions are being held the queue awaiting approval. the market volatile and such, delays can costly. traders end missing out favorable positions because the transaction didn't get posted time.these are just some the nagging issues the cryptocurrency market that threaten affect the quality the trading experience. vital that key stakeholders the market continue work efforts combat these issues. the market grows and evolves, hoped that some these issues will become thing the past. high trading fees the encrybit survey reveals traders address trading fees one the three biggest issues with crypto exchanges. many well-known crypto exchanges ask fee between whereas ooobtc exchange mostly requires fee small fixed fee. poor technical architecture many exchanges are "put together quickly", good tech people, but who have little experience finance operating exchange. they often choose the simplest approach get the system and running. while this may work well the beginning, traffic grows, the system will not able handle the increased load. exchange systems need engineered from the ground with security, efficiency, speed, and scalability mind. this often slows down the initial development, but critical for long-term success. our team has decades combined experience building and maintaining world class financial systems that shape the economy. understand how these systems are built from the ground up. insecure platform there are hundreds exchanges that went down due being hacked.binance built high standards, audited, and penetration tested. haveexperience building financial systems the highest security standards and strive ensure security first. poor market liquidity professional traders and normal users are significantly affected this.having shallow orderbook means high slippage when trading, which very expensive for traders. getting miners, institutional investors and large traders into new exchange chicken and egg problem, and requires team with deep industry resources. ooobtc team have been both the finance and crypto industry for many years. the team has worked and operated number exchanges, and have accumulated large network partners this space. these partners will key bootstrapping the exchange poor customer service traders are different breed when comes users. understanding the trader mentality vital for running successful exchange. money literally on-the-line. many exchanges service traders they were running social media site. -second delay seeing your friends' status update would hardly noticed, but exchange, the same would unacceptable, resulting torrent user complaints.in additional the technology stack, ooobtc built with service mind. ooobtc shares support responsibilities across the entire staff and company. when trader has problem, they get answer directly from someone who knows the system and not someone reading from script. poor internationalization and language support blockchains have borders. most exchanges focus only one language one country. our international multi-lingual team has extensive working experience north america, europe and asia, and are able smoothly support the global market. ooobtc exchange platform overview ooobtc gateway and exchange platform for cryptocurrencies and crypto-ecosystem located singapore. ooobtc provides diversified system functions such spot trading, futures contract trading, over-thecounter trading, whole-network trading, and decentralized trading. moreover, satisfies the needs numerous investors. our trading system has robust security mechanism and reliable underlying architecture, which provides investors with dependable trading experience. besides, the unique online trading model the ooobtc platform would efficiently match the market depth major exchanges around the world while providing even higher liquidity. relying the whole network trading system, believe the ooobtc platform will become the largest liquidity provider digital assets the world. safety have been taking variosusly careful measures like cold storage system, -factor authentication and encryption technology encryt your personal account information, which allows you have assured protection your fund. security the most important aspect business practice. this why integrate similar smart technologies provide our clients with the highest guarantee security available the market. currently, our unique features include: pool trading are capable obtaining high trading volumes and generating substantial profits today's stock market due our integration with other corporate finance houses and major trading forces. high performance support ooobtc trading system adopts selfdeveloped, high-performance core matching engine technology and leverages distributed computing technologies such google spanner and bigtable. thus, can support massive concurrent computation and make the order processing speed reach one million transactions per second. community trading are capable providing users with platform which they can upload their smart contracts order participate active smart contract community for trades, business, services, and increased visibility. coin suggestions new and existing cryptocurrencies can submitted for consideration our community users via our website. see digital asset getting considerable amount support from its community, will carry out the due diligence and make decision list this asset. ooobtc fiat and debit card system exchanging crypto fiat exchanging fiat crypto one the major problem faced many cryptocurrencies and exchange, newbies find hard key into cryptocurrencies, trade cryptos exchange due lack converting them back fiat fiat cryptos. ooobtc exchange aims keep things very simple and fast for beginner users looking delve into the cryptocurrency space. even you have never heard bitcoin ethereum before, ooobtc does very good job creating welcoming and informative page that invites users explore this new endeavor. with the debit/credit card implementation, one can easy withdraw and deposit fiat purchase cryptos using simple steps via mastercard, verve, visa any other acceptable card. also with the recent development and partnership with some fiat payment providers. will include fiat trading against cryptos. example usd/btc eur/obx cad/eth aud/ltc believe that this will help solve the problem faced many cryptocurrency exchange, ooobtc aims enable quick and convenient cryptocurrency spending, anywhere the world, without any special restrictions waiting time". professionalism based the precise and secure technology, our terminal prepared provide reliable and quality serives which make sure you are able trade any ooobtc currency pairs free from all the worries preview ooobtc listed coinmarketcap with over btc trading volume, ooobtc can accessed seamlessly the web, android, ios, pc, mac os, and the mobile browser. addition covering digital assets that have been recognized widely, such bitcoin and ethereum, ooobtc will also set professional research team, upholding the concept openness and cooperation, and picking highquality blockchain digital assets around the world. peer-to-peer purchasing one the biggest advantage our platform that they not involve financial institution intermediaries. for merchants, the lack "middleman" lowers transaction costs. all transactions are done peer peer and recorded via blockchain. coin pairing system our orders parring software are swift processing your trades and can process many possible orders you can work with. you can certain, our exchange, that your orders will never stuck due the order processing engine being congested. multilingual support ooobtc support english, russian, filipino, chinese, japanese and korean all our user interfaces. (the very initial release will english only.) more languages will added with time. revenue structure our revenue will generated from this sources source description exchange fee ooobtc initially will charge fixed fee per trade. other changes will introduced per time, withdrawal fee ooobtc charges withdrawal fees only listing fees ooobtc will also set professional research team, upholding the concept openness and cooperation, and picking high-quality blockchain digital assets around the world, there may fee associated with those listing. ooobtc exchange token (obx token) the ooobtc token will serve the driver our platform and not only valid our exchange but will used across well known exchanges, reusable erc token that freely transferable the ethereum blockchain and can held within the our integrated wallet any erc compatible wallet, the discretion the user. obx token can purchased directly the platform from external markets and exchanges. support the project ooobtc exchange, will launch different promotion campaign. the total supply the ooobtc native token billion and other token can created.. public sales, ico will held. token use case, liquidity and allocation listing fee project listing fee will payable using the obx token. airdrop and rewards holder obx token will receive airdrop any token/coin listed our platform and will also take part trading reward. dividends and gaming token holders will earn daily/monthly dividends from our trading commission. daily personal obx trading volume from gives one the opportunity draw lottery and win more obx token. voting only obx holders can join our monthly "vote for your coin" listing campaign. airdrop, bounty and public shares community building, marketing and partnership locked for technological development co-founders and development team tra titio distr ute distr ute sse rs. game with obx you will given opportunity join the ooobtc game and win obx token, ones you have personal daily trading volume above btc. join the ocf and win obx token reward. stake hold obx token receive daily/monthly dividends when you hold and trade obx token your ooobtc account. earn obx token referral commission when you introduce friend ooobtc exchange earn obx token when you recommend friend purchase and hold obx token. holder obx token will receive airdrop any token/coin listed our platform and will also take part trading reward. gaming pay trading fee:- receive discount from trading fee when you make use obx token when you trade the obx market. obx dividends system obx token erc standard token and when held the exchange will enjoy dividends shared from the total platform revenues. the amount obx bonus calculated based the amount asset held daily basis and the trading fee ooobtc the current hour which normally distributed utc (utc everyday. usually all users get their bonus within hours. the bonus will paid directly users account without the need manual collection. you need hold least obx obtain the bonus and keep them for more than hours. will make unified payment users for obx bonus, please rest assured and wait for the bonus arrive your ooobtc account. the daily dividend received the users not fixed number, the more obx you hold the more profits you will receive. the ooobtc dividends and bonus system are six phase dividends according the total market value all the currencies held your ooobtc exchange wallet. holders obx token will get daily dividend paid obx token and this based the total number obx one holding. recommend friend purchase and hold obx token and you will get daily dividends paid recommendation reward. register new users and get obx token paid referral commission. win obx token playing games through the ooobtc game center. earn dividends our market maker, trading obx token daily ooobtc exchange you will earn dividends generated from our trading fee. how the obx trading dividends calculated? ooobtc will use all trading fees earned ooobtc buy obx from the market and then redistribute users base the obx bonus program. furthermore, all ooobtc bonus moving forward will given users obx instead other cryptocurrencies traded the exchange. believe this will simplify our obx bonus system and fit better with our user's expectations. let's make simple example further elaborate the bonus system. the user john holds obx his ooobtc account. let's say may, the average volume our entire exchange per day assumed btc, according our current fee rate, the trading fee collected per day assumed btc. john will get bonus obx token ,,, total supply) btc per day, btc will converted obx and released his account. total daily fee (tdf) current dividend rate (cdr) {obx held total supply} dividends payout note the total trading fee includes both btc market, eth market, obx market and every market the ooobtc platform ooobtc gaming platform gamers are arguably great target audience for blockchain applications like cryptocurrencies they are used online payments and dealing with virtual currencies that exist within digital ecosystem. blockchain has provided the opportunity for the gaming industry something was lacking for long time stability. considering every few weeks scandal about data leaks takes shape, this long-awaited change which particularly important for the online betting and gaming industry. finding good place play your favourite games like casino, poker, throw dick, pet box, dice, blackjack, roulette, lottery, poker, plinko and slot games online may prove real challenge, even for those players who spend lot time researching and reading trustworthy reviews. although you can actually find large number truly reliable and honest online casinos, not rare for someone open casino site with the intent quickly reach the money. luckily, that's not the case with the ooobtc gaming platform, because one the most reliable places where you can play some popular games safe and secure, using cryptocurrencies only and the good part that one can play this games for free and win obx token without losing money, based the idea safe and responsible gaming, ooobtc gaming platform offering safe and fun environment where you can play popular games, trading with daily personal volume you will been given opportunity draw and join the ooobtc games and win obx token. the dice game another great game called dice, crypto dice game. here your task predict whether number the dice will roll higher lower than certain digit from the range from this not classic dice game, but still gives you possibility use different systems martingale d'alembert predict the final outcome. the blackjack game blackjack classic card game where your goal have only cards with sum that equals also, you will win the dealer has lower score the same with more cards. ooobtc gaming offers the basic variant this popular game, you won't have any difficulties start playing immediately. daily obx trading volume over btc you can have one opportunity draw lottery any other games and win obx token. the zero trading fees and competition both runs daily from pm. utc+ pm. utc+ hour only) ooobtc reserves the right cancel amend the competition competition rules their sole discretion. invite new friends register account successfully daily, you can get one more chance draw the lucky wheel daily. all trades that deem "wash trades" will not count towards your total trading volume for this competition. ooobtc reserves the right final interpretation the activity. deadline for the awards; please collect your award weekly regarded abandonment. charity foundation ooobtc charity foundation (ocf) non-profit organization dedicated the advancement blockchain-enabled philanthropy towards achieving global sustainable development. ocf aims transform philanthropy developing the world's first decentralized charity foundation build future where blockchain technology can used end all forms poverty and inequality, advance sustainable development and ensure that one left behind, ooobtc will donate revenge ocf. one the key benefits provided blockchain technology transparency, which also one the greatest challenges faced charities today. "donors don't have the visibility where their funds are going, and most donations not reach their intended beneficiaries. this lack transparency causes lack trust, further reducing the willingness for people donate charity funds general, will partner with charity organization around the world and reach out those who needs financial support for healthcare, education, water, shelter and good care. what do: incubate entrepreneurs and projects make direct investments collaborate with other industry partner and participate offer charity event like healthcare services, children education, support entrepreneurs in: funding go-to-market strategy token models distributions technical review listing advice talent recruiting digital marketing blockchain development. the ooobtc exchange development roadmap conduct market research and verify technical and market feasibility. main project launch. ooobtc launch the most largest singapore crypto currency exchange. launchof new and improved exchange ui/ux withmassive upgrades for traders including worldclass that responsive for mobile users. set the project team, obtain project approval and develop products. public api release, develop new prototype capable more than tps. ooobtc launch atomic swap trading (atomic cross-chain transaction) launch oob token (ob ken launch ooobtc token which will the backbone the exchange. aidrops, bounty, rading competit ions, list ing competitions amo solid projects. launch anew affiliate reward program for referrers the platform, full worldwide promotions and marketing ooobtc exchange ooobtc version launch mobile app with friendly. more crypto games integration new roadmap update and continue development the exchange. fiat pairing and debit card integration conclusion blockchain technology changing the world decentralized world and there need trade innovative and secure platform where users around the world can safety and easily exchange their assets, every day cryptocurrencies are gaining more legitimacy and the number companies that accepting cryptocurrencies keep increasing, ooobtc believes decentralization and givimg power the community members, also believe community building and partnership. stay tuned our new development and news our social media and website website www.ooobtc.com email service@ooobtc.com twitter www.twitter.com/ooobtcexchange facebook www.facebook.com/ooobtcexchange telegram www.t.me/ooobtcexchange