general information whitepaper april introduction irstcoin llc, tbilisi, republic georgia founding year the company founder the company peter sommer, germany osman bartu, germany hyperion finance gmbh, germany type company limited liability company, llc licence financial service consulting licence no. company register first round capital, ,,. dollar reached milestones creation the settlement software and the algorithmic program, built merkeleon a.r. gmbh, austria second round capital, ,,. dollar reached milestones commencing business activities and creating his own token including listing various stock exchanges the company's capital was tokenized into tokens, irst, fst, and issued the investors and founders the first and second rounds capital public airdrop with so-called public airdrop, more than addresses were reached and trading base for the listing the own token could formed account openings since irstcoin crypto currrency exchange membership irstcoin, fst, token >,. daily turnover, irstcoin exchange >,. dollar team irstcoin llc peter sommer, director and founder jenny lam, director business development irk naz, officer employees irstcoin llc support and backoffice freelancer media works and settlement tax situation special-zone, tax-free, all profits and all revenue`s preview development number customers revenues from trading fees dollar dollar dollar dollar revenues from placement dollar dollar dollar dollar dollar dollar dollar dollar fees, irstgold and another projects profit per fst, irst token corporate purpose and business model irstcoin llc operates one the fastest, safest and most innovative trading sites for cryptocurrencies the world. they also operate the connected financial instruments licensed financial service provider. has long stopped being secret that blockchain, with its diverse applications, about sustainably change our global interaction; and that already has changed many areas. irstcoin makes the difference everyone who deals-, trade and work with cryptocurrencies knows the problem: get the best price for your cryptocurrency, either blindly trust your broker, you make the effort and keep account many exchanges most cases, transfer between accounts necessary get the best price. such transfer also costs extra money irstcoin solves the entire problem with his algorithm. connecting and implementing the order books the leading crypto exchanges, the customer irstcoin llc always receives the best price for their cryptocurrencies with just one account. guaranteed, nano seconds, our algorythm scans the market and always offers the best deal. the fees are average very low the transaction volume for this service. owners least irst, fst, tokens, receive discount all fees. note all: all profits irstcoin llc are distributed the owners the fst token once year. for this purpose, special repurchase programs are being developed above the market value. the irst token, (short fst) token total (max supply) erc standard cmc (coimmarketcap.com) listed coingecko.com listed listed several exchanges the irst token not empty promise bad bet the future. no, the token secured and backed the value the company. there comparable investment with such big impulses and opportunities. well-known investors, such the kritzer family from germany, who have already developed and built global market leaders such roundliner gmbh, have been board since the second capital round and have set this unique combination bet secure future. the fst token the ideal portfolio addition. the token has been able generate more than return invest since its launch. not year, no, since its listing coinmarketcap.com march the fst token will available promptly from leading crypto currency exchanges according cmc ranking. for this purpose, cooperation with star alliance was entered april next steps the development due the possibilities given with the financial license, will develop, control and launch further products for the krypto finance world. one project already very advanced stage. the project called "irstgold.com", based our name and the project owned irstcoin llc and will continue operated ourself. essence, this project easy describe. the irstgold token will embody one gram gold physical form and physically backed that amount gold. the incredible will the associated service. customers will able purchase these tokens otc (over the counter) against fiat currency. the customer longer requires extensive storage and can exchange his tokens for "physical gold" cryptocurrencies, fiat currencies any time. for this purpose, cooperate with leading gold dealers germany, switzerland and austria. boundless and anonymous. physical gold shipment takes place upon return the tokens. the customer can also personally pick his physical gold from affiliated merchants. global service the trading gold intended us. more and less. the project already its pre- launch phase and has already cost more than investment. are convinced that this project can become unicorn and are proud that this project belongs the portfolio irstcoin llc. addition the irstgold project, there are already two further projects planning and implementation. coindex: this utility token comparable the irstgold token the matter. instead being deposited with physical gold, this token will linked basket international equities which will deposited centrally custody account. this allows global access lucrative investment opportunities for every person. the moment necessary have depot and account buy tesla google share. addition, you can not currently purchase these shares with crypto currencies. these problems will solved coindex token globally. tradable days week and days year. the invested capital available any time and any place. coindex will write history, are sure that. addition these projects, are currently developing so-called stable token, based the tether, but euro basis. this token intended facilitate payments for affiliated companies and individuals. already there are more than requests for cooperation this level. the fsco (irststablecoin) especially designed support entrepreneurs and traders their import and export activities. the fsco can exchanged every fiat, well btc and eth our stock exchange. the reference the euro. low transaction costs less than appeal especially commercial traders. closing words with irstcoin want close gap the crypto currency market. there are already many stock exchanges that are doing good job, but there place that unites these good jobs. that's why look bit like google for the crypto industry. the contrary, not bother anyone, the contrary, the stock markets profit through us, just the traders advertise google. top that, give our clients clear arbitrage advantage, which otherwise was reserved only for professionals. whether customer our crypto currency exchange, the owner our token, with you are setting the future. nobody will doubt that sooner later cash and the associated fiat currencies will disappear from the planet. just like the dinosaurs, only faster. the blockchain makes everything more transparent, safer and faster and are part it. thank you for your attention peter sommer founder director irstcoin llc, republic georgia email: sommer@irstcoin.com social media public news channels jenny lam director business development email: lam@irstcoin.com