legal disclaimer the purpose this white paper present world online and token potential token holders connection with the proposed ico. the information set forth below may not exhaustive and does not imply any elements contractual relationship. its sole purpose provide relevant and reasonable information potential token holders order for them determine whether undertake thorough analysis the company with the intent acquiring tokens. nothing this white paper shall deemed constitute prospectus any sort solicitation for investment, nor does any way pertain offering solicitation offer buy any securities any jurisdiction. this document not composed accordance with, and not subject to, laws regulations any jurisdiction, which are designed protect investors. the product token not digital currency, security, commodity, any other kind financial instrument and has not been registered under the securities act, the securities laws any state the united states the securities laws any other country, including the securities laws any jurisdiction which potential token holder resident. token cannot used for any purposes other than provided this white paper, including but not limited any investment, speculative other financial purposes. token confers other rights any form, including but not limited any ownership, distribution (including, but not limited to, profit), redemption, liquidation, property (including all forms intellectual property), other financial legal rights, other than those specifically set forth below. certain statements, estimates and financial information contained herein constitute forward-looking statements information. such forward-looking statements information involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties, which may cause actual events results differ materially from the estimates the results implied expressed such forward-looking statements. this english language white paper the primary official source information about the token. the information contained herein may from time time translated into other languages used the course written verbal communications with existing and prospective customers, partners etc. the course such translation communication some the information contained herein may lost, corrupted, misrepresented. the accuracy such alternative communications cannot guaranteed. the event any conflicts inconsistencies between such translations and communications and this official english language white paper, the provisions this english language original document shall prevail. abstract world interactive platform for publishers and brands combines best-in-industry set engagement and monetization tools (polls, quizzes, debates, trivia, insights, interactive maps etc.) the front-end and state-of-the-art analytics audience insights and various plug-ins, including a.i. powered the backend. world aggregates programmatic and direct deal advertising services linked world widgets and pilot with additional monetization services such commercial data collection format paid mini-surveys via existing research marketplace, traffic generation tools, and more considered the roadmap. world will introduce its own cryptocurrency coins tokens the fall increase engagement gamification monetization options that results unprecedented win-win-win model between publishers, their audiences and services offered them (ads, research, content syndication etc.). world serves intelligent layer connecting blockchain-authenticated users with various services offered via smart contracts and offers business model via commission such services delivered via world widgets. more conflict between good user experience and monetization via ads your site! table contents legal disclaimer abstract table contents introduction world vision execution history world development and deployments world today market size and opportunity world intellectual property (ip) portfolio world cryptocurrency use cases readers' use cases publisher's use cases advertiser's use cases why blockchain? the world economy world points system today expansion with more use cases world wallet world token issuance world token allocations escrow supply schedule token distribution event use the proceeds technical implementation payments processing token distribution for the team implementation based ethereum erc raiden network current ethereum limitations plasma state channels exonum smart contracts use cases for tokens current implementation plan reader (end-users) micro-transactions earn points tokens brands research related transactions reader micro-transactions spend tokens publishers transactions world reward engine identity management did summary roadmap world campaigns management world technology advisors business advisors new york media companies industry partners world blockchain advisory team silicon valley global partners world team world leadership team world business team world engineering core team world global business team world support team world publishers and partners advertisers using world publishers using world partners integrating world risk factors dependence publishers and their advertising practices regulatory risks smart contract limitations price bitcoin and ethereum rapid changes technology may adversely affect mining business sales and other taxes compliance with u.s. laws and regulations value token fluctuation token benefits force majeure disclosure information other risks references disclaimer introduction online content consumption across many, not most, web sites doesn't align well with advertising practices. there deepening conflict between good online user experience that readers want and survival necessity for publishers who want serve much advertising possible make their business model work. like many other traditional industries, the media business struggling and going through major transformation powered new technologies, implemented via new user experiences and supported proper business models drive such change toward real and sustainable solution and not solution that goes create another set problems (as has happened with "native" and "programmatic" advertising approaches). among many challenges, the media industry and overall the online publishing, advertising, and internet services sectors are facing the following issues: retention readers who increasingly are switching social media their primary source news and other daily information interest; fast growth blockers especially among millennials and other technology-advanced readers general that are not hesitant install such browser plugins their desktop and now mobile computing platform; extensive fraud problems monetization within the adtech industry, usually attributed bot traffic (sometimes called "arbitrage traffic") that many publishers buy knowingly not; this problem increasingly causing brands and advertisers redirect their budgets away from sites running just classical display campaigns, which turn causes major financial setback for those relying this business model; questionable practices such pay-to-play (or guaranteed cpm approach) that are causing asymmetrical relationships with providers technology and causing short-term wins but long term losses for publishers who entertain them; top this comes the most fundamental problem online publishing eternal conflict between, one hand, the need create and maintain good content encapsulated within good user experience (ux), and the other hand the need make money via advertising (especially programmatic) which very hard, almost impossible, balance and sites usually well either one the other, but rarely both simultaneously. people who use blockers are now dealing with soft hard warnings that content will available only they turn off their blockers, which creates "no win" situation between publishers and their audiences. with the introduction blockchain into the media industry, including the first wave pilot implementations various cryptocurrencies for attention, advertising, engagement etc., certainly step the right direction and serves the ultimate goal establishing new type relationship, where all three parts the "industry triangle" readers publishers advertisers are motivated and have proper incentives, enabling true win-win-win environment. world firm believer motivating readers the web sites come visit more often via giving them incentives for their engagements and contributions, and offering choice being exposed not the ads the site. all these elements have come together make the "reader publisher advertiser" triangle work. the world platform has been providing the tools and the network for deployments since and the next step further decentralizing and introducing world (wo) tokens that will circulating this triangle and bringing benefits all parties involved: namely, readers earn for engagement, publishers get new revenue streams, and advertisers receive discounts and access wide-spread diversified and attractive inventory. the future this industry decentralized models where the economy interactions built very natural principles where people are legitimate active participants with rights their own rather than just being treated cookie-tagged "subjects advertising" respective "digital prisons" driven few monopolistic players. this future eliminates both monopolism these behemoths and turns the digital economy back over people with proper experiences, ownership their online identity, and incentives that bring more value them. the experience reader really wants! world vision execution world online silicon valley company headquartered and operating san jose, california since with mission build global software platform supplement online content with interactive tools (such polls, surveys, quizzes, insights pages, interactive maps and other formats) that help answer the question "what people really think?" this done via contextual, relevant, organic, and highly engaging data collection with analytical insighst site and across network participating sites. believe that any business objective online services centered around content publishing should accomplished via organic experiences where conversation with readers has established first (e.g., via presenting poll widget related the article that the reader will motivated vote and express their opinion), then the publisher learns more about this user (not only the immediate response, but also history previous responses various questions and other engagements observed and captured the world tools), this analysis helps provide better content (e.g., next question the rotation suggested articles read next) and better promotion, such targeted advertisement commercial mini-survey some other type online service offering. this approach can stated three value-proposition words: engage research promote which progression model where all participating parties (readers, publishers and advertisers) benefit simultaneously. here example typical world deployment (in this case: san francisco examiner where the article supplemented with world widget automatically showing relevant poll questions supplement the content and initiate conversation between the reader and the publisher plus advertising component that also contextual and better targeted for the specific reader based context, history engagements, and responses poll questions. history world development and deployments since its start world has built and delivered robust and comprehensive interactive platform that includes front-end tools, back-end dashboard analytics, and network participating publishers around the world. addition, various organizations and brands are using world tools for interactive campaigns well ongoing audience engagements. the front-end includes variety interactive, easy-to-customize tools such polls, quizzes, debates, trivia feeds, surveys, and interactive maps. each them helps publishers and brands learn from and engage with their particular audiences maximize engagement and increase revenue and efficiency campaigns. world automatically produces smart content (such insights pages that include interactive maps and other analytics) that are linked the modules (widgets) installed partner sites. this content increases sharing over social networks, improves relevancy, and draws new readers--with the core benefits increasing audience and reach. world analytics includes suite data analysis, research tools, and capabilities that provide insight into consumer opinions, preferences, and behaviors. world also ibm watson certified partner and provides cognitive science powered analytics incorporating watson. world contracted partners are google, aol, sekindo, matomy for advertisement; cint for data (profiling and paid survey participation for users), ibm watson for analytics and more targeted advertising and content recommendations. world today world has well-developed products, business models, and deployments: over usd equity capital raised from and angel investors usa, japan, india, singapore, europe, hong kong, israel, russia korea. business model: ads saas licensing; $.m $.m over million lifetime user engagements via the world platform over registered partners all types (publishers and brands) over million total votes collected via polls, surveys and other tools million monthly engagement widget participants languages supported million monthly global impressions* patents filed industry awards offices worldwide (united states, ukraine, eu, latin america) strategic partners google, aol, ibm watson, amazon aws, cint, mccann market size and opportunity according dentsu aegis global spend will reach billion with digital driving growth amid cautious near-term outlook. "we are reaching tipping point spend now digital overtakes television, mobile overtakes desktop and paid search overtakes print. digital and data must now the default settings for advertisers. evolving people-based marketing rather than audience-based marketing and using data increase addressability essential for brands manage tighter conditions while positioning themselves for future growth." jerry buhlmann, ceo dentsu aegis network combined with the overall size online services this creates enormous opportunity address one the biggest internet behaviors, product, unprecedented scale. world intellectual property (ip) portfolio world has patent portfolio has been developing since collaboration with top law firm wilmer hale, utilizing both their silicon valley and boston offices. world files its patents first the usa, and then usually pursues international filings, pct applications cover europe and also files select asian countries such japan and china. the first five patents filed world covered the basic world service and widget-analytics system and its applications for engagement, research, and content syndication and includes the following patent filings: chains polls unique data collection engine u.s. patent application no.: dynamic analytics research engine normalization algorithm u.s. patent application no.: interactive data exchange network u.s. patent application no.: crowdsourced polls and their sharing public space u.s. patent application no.: .us insight pages in-place analytics claims) u.s. patent application no.: september three related patents were filed together (u.s. patent application no.: .usus) comprehensive provisional application, and will pull out each one individually and file utility patents for each september these three independent claims, with numerous dependent claims, are follows: insights page dynamic "second page" web mobile pages, along with new inventory smart profiling data presentation system creates psychographic profile for each respondent matrix, that then triggers intelligent presentation data each web viewer. in-place analytics end-users and administrators can click see analytics from within that particular widget, situ. this majority world's patent portfolio themed around inherent higher engagement for web publishers--or the measurement this engagement-- based relevant and supporting information initial and main content topic. the power the world system the interactivity and choice navigation, choice what read consume, and simultaneously the opportunity for web publishers data enhance the information gathering and understanding process, which turn allows for ever-increasing engagement with the content. and the case the dynamic analytics research engine-- normalization algorithm patent (known "drp")-- the information gathering and understanding can provide scientifically sound research results well; this research objective further strengthened the "chains polls unique data collection engine" patent that focuses the method data collection over time and different venues (web, mobile, print, etc.) "engagement" describes the interest interacting with the digital content and interactive elements presented end-users, such voting poll world poller widget clicking "learn more" after one has voted. content engagement also associated with better comprehension and processing the material, better enjoyment the subject matter, and increased statistics web viewing such more time the web site (section the site, technically) and/or more monetization achieved more, and more relevant, advertisements able displayed--and thus higher cpms can commanded. world's inventions listed thus help achieve higher engagement with the content being presented the end-user. looking just the most recent patent filing september make the point, the additional insight pages and/or additional information in-situ within the spot the web page (in-place analytics) insights from the poll other "interactive elements choice" results, putting web pages data through filter depending their psychographic outlooks and worldviews (smart profiling data presentation system), and all three these inventions can applied simultaneously. the expected result using these innovations even higher engagement, positive spiral where publisher editors, web site readers, and monetization goals all benefit. web publishers have keen interest raising engagement rates their content. the shift the publishing industry from print format online publishing medium has brought revolution the way news produced and consumed. but along with this transformation the publishing industry comes challenges. the low entry barrier, outdated tools, declining revenue, and the decimation the once profitable classified sections newspapers, and continuous change search engine algorithms, combined with short-attention span the online audiences has caused major industry problems. has forced many online publishers out business desperately search ways increase online engagement rates stay business, either content subscriptions from avid fans (committed readers) the content provider online advertising readers their website mobile app. these innovations listed above all are meant address the problems facing web publishers helping them increase their engagement rates with each individual end-user web visitor, and turn generate more revenue and profits. world cryptocurrency use cases world online will introducing its own cryptocurrency called (pronounced one-world token internal cryptocurrency circulated inside the ecosystem that world online has created and continues grow. all payments inside such ecosystem will conducted only via tokens. for convenient exchange tokens into fiat and various popular cryptocurrencies there will references external marketplace such coin exchanges where coins will listed after the ico. the issuance currency capped million tokens and additional issuances are planned. from the very beginning the issued token mass designed support the growing volume transactions inside the ecosystem during the scaling, which implies ongoing organic growth the token buying power. the tokens could split decimal point position, the growth their value won't problem for processing transactions any viable size within world online ecosystem. the following base use cases covering all three participants the triangle readers publishers advertisers readers' use cases end users the site can earn these tokens collecting points for engagements and contributions. first these earnings are coming the format points, which are already implemented the world platform and have functioned for years standard feature reflecting the amount user activities. upon reaching designated threshold, these points will converted into tokens soon the user registers and creates wallet. then spending and use earned tokens can done either inside the world system outside it. inside, users will offered few pre-defined choices: use coins for micropayments disable advertising and still enjoy the content. this case solves the fundamental problem when readers with blockers are warned the site they are visiting that content isn't available until blocker turned off subscription payment received. world will make such micropayments seamless and establish proper user experience that works for both the publisher and the reader. use coins purchase advertising space and initiate data collection service (mini-surveys) via world widgets. this operation handled via built-in marketplace with one our partners, cint. redeem coins the online store that accepts tokens for their goods via easy one-click transition from their world user profile the respective landing page; take earned coins outside the system, e.g. coin exchange that accepts tokens and sell them there (secondary markets). world's current detailed scoring (points-based) system described the next section. conversion from points tokens will different for different sites and determined cot coefficient transformation will depend site reputation, volume traffic, and related factors. initially cot will established the world team with help advisory board that includes top media experts. then algorithm will developed, indicated the word roadmap, make such calculations and adjustments automated and well-balanced. publisher's use cases publishers will accepting world tokens (coins) based the following motivation and principles: sell remnant inventory for tokens (as otherwise there zero dollars from it) enable readers earn and spend tokens, thus drastically increasing retention rates provide option allow ads revenue received via world service readers, and world will match (subject approval) top all this, publishers will receiving all the standard benefits associated with the use world's platform such increase user engagement and growth key metrics such time site and number visited pages, smart content (such poll results with interactive maps, infographics and other auto-generated insights), and advertising revenue. advertiser's use cases advertisers will paying for running campaigns with world tokens (coins) fiat (such dollars) based the following principles: get discounts for using tokens (versus cash other equivalents) have access world network sites (clusters) supporting widgets have the ability ask questions, receive feedback during the campaign have ability profile their audience thus increasing targeting efficiency mechanics work will following: the entrance world system, there marketplace where client (brand, agency individual) can buy tokens for fiat and crypto currency. these tokens could also earned via engagements (also called "mining") prices for advertising the system are set dollars and are driven publishers, but aggregated and presented world pay for accommodation, client must purchase tokens and pay for them accordance with the current exchange rate the token the dollar once tokens are purchased, campaign launched per purchased volume impressions and targeting, all driven world platform and its campaign management system; upon campaign completion, automatic report generated and delivered the client; tokens for the campaign now are possession the publisher and world based the business rules; usually it's revenue share model, possibly reflected smart contracts; publisher has choice hold tokens upon campaign completion (if they expect their value price grow) use external exchange (conveniently plugged in) convert fiat other crypto currency. during the campaign users who get involved receive respective rewards with tokens the current token exchange rate the dollar and are calculated based dollar prices the volume emission tokens strictly limited the framework set forth the ico. with the growth the system's turnover, the price the token expected grow naturally; the original limited mass tokens will providing the foundation for increasing value transactions. thanks the growing token exchange rate, expect address the challenge queues for advertising placements. the advertiser, who has tokens, can pay for their accommodation right away wait for these tokens grow price order get more volume placement. addition, the total capitalization the token-mass (in dollars) expected grow, which some ways makes this ico vehicle for bringing continuous benefits token-holders. why blockchain? there are many reasons why world platform transition use blockchain the right strategic path and very organic and natural fit for the product developed and deployed since world already implemented distributed and partially decentralized system where widgets are running many sites, many languages and many countries and support sophisticated mechanisms information exchange, e.g. ability "compare contrast" public opinion polls that are tagged "public" and are available many audiences many sites. now the platform transitioning even more powerful model where established mechanisms can operate peer-to-peer mode and have less (or eventually no) dependency central server. world already has scoring system used primarily for gamification, that based engagement and contributions site audiences. transitioning this system tokens makes incentives more material and leads wider acceptance all ecosystem participants. there huge benefit use blockchain identify users the world ecosystem instead relying cookies, old and increasingly unreliable technology, especially for readers who start their engagement anonymously and they decide register order earn tokens and, some point, redeem them. world connects services, such advertising and research audiences and essentially serving layer facilitate many marketplaces and many competing offerings coming from these marketplaces. using smart contracts for such operations makes the platform operation robust and transparent and therefore putting the public decentralized ledger the best approach grow the business. overall there fast growing set blockchain-based services, applications, and technologies make sense have utilized not only for the immediate opportunities, but also for future use cases. the world economy the world decentralized economy already developed and will built further around the concept connecting audiences variety websites with services from various providers, including, but not limited to: advertising (programmatic ads and direct deals) research via commercial polls and "mini-surveys" traffic tools for generating traffic and from other sites data exchange passing information third party analytics systems, such dmp tbd future services that also can routed via world widgets world points system today world's loyalty and gamification system used since world wallet the world wallet will established for all registered users and allows them earn and spend their tokens within the world ecosystem expansion with more use cases expected that world will adding new types engagements and new associated services that will run inside deployed widgets and give even more opportunities earn and spend points and then convert the monetary gains tokens. this type new operations will supported future releases world software. world token issuance world online will issuing tokens according the following plan: token sale volume worth tokens cap for this ico (also time limited the ico completion) total plan issue worth tokens years token issue volume minimum target distribution tokens token price issue website link accepted forms payment presale start date million tokens lifetime cap minimum ico target will set covered the next section usd start, with upper limit towards the end ico https://ico.worldonline.com btc, ltc, dash, etc, eth, xmr, zec usd (via wire transfer) september pdt discount september september discount september september discount discount september september september october public presale end date october pdt ico start date october pdt ico end date november pdt token issue date november pdt world token allocations during the ico for each one token sold open sale: token will issued for mining publishers and partners token will issued the team and advisors bounty program token will allocated and placed reserve (aka, liquidity pool) result, allocation world tokens will following: escrow minimum ico target will set million less money raised, then all proceeds will returned within one month after the ico completion force majeure occurs tokens issuance, funds will returned buyers within two months for the world ico program, escrow account will set-up and utilized, managed los angeles-based provider blockchain law group the funds will released from escrow world online upon hitting the target and after the distribution tokens. supply schedule initial token supply will maximum million tokens million direct sale million for mining and million for the team and advisors) and will distributed upon ico completion around november periodic token transition out reserve support the company growth starting from year will based the business needs and tokens will either sold open market allocated publishers and partners for their audiences mine them via engagement. will done per the same rules outlined earlier for the original ico year via the scoring system and cot coefficient transformation adjusting conversion earned points tokens per publisher. order sustain robust economy for its tokens and facilitate token value growth world plans launch new tier media holding company publisher with many digital sites and multi-million audiences) every quarter support this economy. this approach will support the "smooth token growth" model with virtual "corridor" established. payments processing token buyers must register tokensale.icobox.io, entering and confirming their email address. after the registration, users gain access their personal accounts tokensale.icobox.io where they will have separate wallets for btc, eth, ltc, dash, zcash, etc, usd. their accounts users can choose the desired number tokens and transfer the required payment amount one the accepted cryptocurrencies generate invoice for wire transfer. once the payment received, funds will appear the corresponding wallet the user's account and may used for purchasing tokens. until the token purchase made, the funds may withdrawn from the account tokensale.icobox.io any moment sending request support@worldonline.com tokens are purchased the price effect the time purchasing, not the price effect the time when funds have been sent received the platform. when buying tokens with currency other than btc, the exchange rate fixed the time token purchase. accounts tokensale.worldonline.com will accessible several days before the start the token sale. users will able sign and make transfers their accounts, but will not have the option buy tokens with deposited funds until the start the token presale. take part the public presale, buyer will need purchase least the specified minimum number tokens tokens, depending the date and time purchase). the general token sale has minimum entrance threshold, except for the minimum transfer amount specified the relevant blockchain bank used the buyer. after the token purchase complete, the information about tokens credited the buyers should appear their accounts tokensale.worldonline.com immediately. token distribution event after the token sale over, personal account will automatically generated ico.worldonline.com for every token holder. tokens will issued and transferred these accounts. once this step complete, token holders may any time transfer their tokens any third-party eth wallet supporting erc- standard. btc and wire transfer proceeds from the world token sale during the ico sale will deposited escrow where they will kept btc and usd. supported original payments made other cryptocurrencies will accumulated, converted btc, and also deposited escrow regular basis. token distribution for the team after the tokens become available the team overall allocation, which the original open sale), they will distributed following: world core team: advisors key ico contributors: bounty program: reserve: world reserves the right direct these funds certain areas based specific ico development maximize the efficiency and increase the token sales. use the proceeds world plans the following use the proceeds collected the ico open sale: core team: business marketing customer success r&d and technical support global expansion legal, and other services events promotions reserve miscellaneous world reserves the right direct these funds certain areas based business opportunities and market situation with the goal growing both business and company valuations mind, technical implementation technical implementation aspects the world economy and cryptocurrency are outlined the following diagram: the beginning tokens will implemented combination public on-chain ethereum blockchain, and off-chain solution like raiden, plasma state channels (or private blockchain solution like exonum). users (brands, publishers, researchers, readers) who want transfer tokens will able interact with the public ethereum blockchain, which will serve the currency's decentralized settlement layer. implementation based ethereum erc the ethereum blockchain currently the industry standard for issuing custom digital assets and smart contracts. one the main reasons using existing ethereum's infrastructure instead building entirely new blockchain. the latest and most popular erc token interface the best choice compatible with the existing infrastructure the ethereum ecosystem, development tools, wallets, and exchanges. also erc allows for seamless interaction with other smart contracts and decentralized applications the ethereum blockchain. current ethereum limitations blockchain general (and ethereum blockchain particular) decentralized network. decentralization critical because eliminates single points failure control that makes downtime, censorship, fraud third-party interference impossible. these advantages and active ecosystem make ethereum good choice for the world decentralized economy. but, the other hand, the nature blockchain decentralization (signature verification, consensus mechanisms, redundancy, etc.) leads some disadvantages comparison with centralized databases. the biggest ethereum disadvantage for proposed world economy ethereum scalability. the well-known fact the current ethereum proof-of-work blockchain has scalability bottlenecks: fee paid for every single transaction transactions confirmation takes tens seconds average number transactions per second (transaction throughput) that small enough process increasing number applications these limitations make micro-transactions, such the ones the world online platform performs for typical use cases, not economically viable put the public ledger and charged. example would tokens reward end-users the site for their engagements and content contributions. public ethereum blockchain used 'as is' for these transactions, then: fee for transaction would comparable even higher than reward amount itself; end-users would wait for tens seconds until transaction confirmed; huge number transaction would congest the ethereum's throughput capability. that's why world online could not use the existing version public ethereum blockchain 'as is' for some kinds transactions and has find some solution. there silver bullet here and now, but ethereum new technology, lot efforts are made solve these ethereum's limitations. for example, the core ethereum team understands the limitations and trying solve them: recent ethereum metropolis hard fork first step transition from proof-of-work proof-of-stake. moreover lot other solutions the top ethereum are progress. and most experts agree that this only the question time: some solution combination solutions will developed often the case with evolving technology. this concerns not ethereum blockchain only. the similar issues for the bitcoin blockchain, crypto currency network older than ethereum, have been successfully solved lightning network there are several solutions that are going solve these blockchain bottlenecks like machinomy toy state channels and other, but few them are worth mentioning detail: raiden network plasma smart contracts exonum raiden network raiden network similar bitcoin's lightning network off-chain high speed asset transfers network for ethereum erc tokens that has been under development now for nearly two years and close release. uses network off-chain state channels securely transfer any erc token without the requirement transact the blockchain. the raiden network will provide payment system based payment channel technology that scales with the number its users: the bigger the raiden network becomes, the higher its maximum throughput will be, with practically upper limit sight. one more important thing: unlike ethereum public transactions, raiden transfers will private between the payer, the payee, and the nodes forwarding the transfer. when channels are settled, only the sum transactions will become visible the entire world. plasma the plasma solution was recently announced joseph poon and vitalik buterin; framework that scalable significant amount state updates using the proof-of-stake method. plasma works top root (main) ethereum blockchain. its idea eliminate the need generate on-chain transactions for every state update leveraging coalesced state updates that are comprised the bitmaps which the transactions are composed. the root network contract processes only very small number commitments from child blockchains that are able large number computations. commitments are broadcasted periodically the root blockchain from the child blockchains. state channels addition open-source solutions like plasma raiden, world online could implement their own solution that utilizes state channels for appropriate transactions. state channels are design pattern which signed messages representing transactions are exchanged between two parties. any party can choose any time broadcast the last message the blockchain, updating state representative the sum all exchanges between the two parties. state channels are important technique for allowing some blockchain operations conducted off the blockchain, while retaining even improving the underlying security guarantees that blockchain offers. particular, state channels can used significantly improve the performance interactions between designated group people, while significantly reducing transaction costs. they can applied payments, smart contracts, and many other scenarios. exonum exonum open source enterprise-grade blockchain framework developed the bitfury group. allows build private permissioned blockchain. the moment, exonum-based smart contracts can handle transactions per second with clearing time seconds (and transactions per second custom situations), that significantly faster than any other public blockchain networks. uses custom-built byzantine fault tolerant consensus algorithm that excludes any single point failure, making blockchain resilient nodes crashes bad actors, without needing mine blocks. exonum seems perfect solution for world's micro-transactions, but there one significant obstacle: anchors (periodically saves cryptographic hash reflecting the state exonum blockchain) data the bitcoin blockchain order protect data against history revisions. but ethereum token and thus this will require develop some extra module that allows use exonum together with ethereum blockchain. smart contracts world will utilize smart contract for appropriate transactions, both for engagement and services delivery (advertising and research) use cases described this document. current implementation plan highly expected that there will others solutions that also could used for world online purposes. the common idea switch from saving all transactions the public blockchain (on-chain) saving them off-chain but ultimately enforceable on-chain. moving transactions off the chain leads significant improvements cost and speed. anyway, there strong confidence that there will least one solution top ethereum the near future that allows highly scalable, low latency, and cost effective decentralized systems. use cases for tokens for further consideration, makes sense separate world transactions based their size, quantity, and the role involved persons into: reader micro-transactions earn points tokens reader micro-transactions spend tokens brands research related transactions publisher's transactions reader (end-users) micro-transactions earn points tokens micro-transactions world widgets publishers' websites happen when site visitors (readers) earn points for: voting, sharing, click read-more learn-more, other related engagement actions; poll creation other contributions; voting commercial polls taking commercial mini-surveys; watching video ads; sign world online using email address social sign-in (facebook, twitter, etc.); entering any their profile info (gender, age, marital status, etc); world widgets will display how many points have been collected current users, explain their value and suggest converting them tokens. order convert points tokens the user needs to: earn (subject refinement) points; sign world online using email address (and verify email address) social sign-in (facebook, twitter, etc). enter his/her wallet address conversion from points tokens will made conversion rate. this rate not fixed and depends on: token price the moment conversion; special publisher coefficient that calculated world online algorithm based its content, audience, etc.; special geo-coefficient for the user's location; time period when the points were earned. after the conversion the user gets access his/her own 'my wallet' page with current balance, transaction history, etc. also all future points earned, once they reach the established threshold, are immediately converted tokens and added user's wallet. because current ethereum pow limitations (described above) all these micro-transactions are saved off-chain but ultimately enforceable on-chain using plasma, raiden, exonum similar solution. reader micro-transactions spend tokens micro-transactions also happen when readers spend tokens points for: convert tokens perks; pay publisher not see advertisements during week month; pay publisher get access paid content; donate the author the blog some particular article. all these micro-transactions are also saved off-chain but ultimately enforceable on-chain. brands research related transactions another type transactions happen when brands researchers spend tokens for: running direct deals campaign running commercial polls commercial mini-surveys these transactions will made from world online client dashboard public ethereum on-chain transactions because: the transaction amount big enough when compared with the transaction fee brands researchers could wait tens seconds for transaction confirmation they will happen much less often than readers micro-transactions and will not affect ethereum transaction throughput significantly publishers transactions publishers earn tokens for: their inventory used for direct deals campaigns their inventory used for commercial polls commercial mini-surveys not displaying advertisement some particular readers providing access paid content some particular readers case direct deal campaigns transactions will made public ethereum on-chain. all other transactions are saved off-chain but ultimately enforceable on-chain using plasma, raiden, exonum similar solution. addition standard enforcing methods provided off-chain solution, the off-chain transactions will enforced on-chain when there big enough tokens for this particular publisher. world reward engine the world reward engine will follow the implementation already done and released version .x. world campaigns management the world campaigns management implementation will part release identity management did identity management did will further researched and released future versions software. summary the beginning tokens will implemented combination public on-chain ethereum blockchain, and off-chain solutions like raiden, plasma exonum. roadmap world continues its agile software development process and produces bi-weekly production releases with new functionalities well scheduled quarterly major updates with significant new product features. the following roadmap items are planned for years core blockchain integration: infrastructure apps scoring visibility world widgets core world points system linked tokens apps: user profile page integrate wallet redemption core: campaigns management for advertising and other services apps: in-place analytics widgets for users and admins network: vertical-focused clusters publishers core interactive content creation marketplace apps world feed integrate data sources scoring core interactive media unit (imu) implementation apps world button app core research tools: panels management apps mini-surveys world widgets network integrating into online research marketplace blockchain integration high scalability solution a.i. driven content generation and linking articles network integrating into traffic generation marketplace global syndication network a.i. driven recommendation engine roadmap items are subject change based business opportunities and market trends world technology advisors world blockchain advisory team vasiliy suvorov alison davis takatoshi nakamura ayako miyaguchi alex yastremsky cto luxoft, technical head cryptovalley blockchain group chairman advisory board, blockchain.capital board director, royal bank scotland japan society for founder japan security, blockchain blockchain security expert association inventor usa japan tokyo, japan general counsel, bitfury ico expert switzerland, silicon valley, usa london, san francisco, usa business advisors phil yin dr. augie grant dmitry kustov sean koh peter saulinier managing partner professor university south carolina cpa, owner bittax.io principal k&a owner koherent records managing partner -world, wire expert ico taxation newsroom investments seattle, popular author researcher gch partners south korean new york, nyc entrepreneur projects coordinator ali raheem marios anapliotis partner principal coo open bouquet, band angels world tech advisor ekkam marketing silicon valley, usa silicon valley, usa ernst young silicon valley, usa tina ghataore silicon valley lilia shirman david drake sr. advisor marketing family office ldj capital crypto advocate. investor real estate and hedge funds. head golden seed group silicon valley, usa matthew merle ted sanford michael minkevich kira makagon fifth era, keiretsu capital keiretsu forum flashsoft (acquired sandisk), baccel, infravio, appstream luxoft (lxft) ipo starforce technologies, novosoft ringcentral (ipo red aril (acq.by icrossing), scopus (ipo), octane software (acq. epiphany) new york media companies greg kahn dan reich greg osberg jon bond meredith xcelerated, publicis, omnicom forbes, harvard business review, buddymedia (acq. salesforce) ceo revlyst ex-ceo newsweek philadelphia media network, cnet co-chairman the shipyard inc. and chief tomorrowist tomorro. global partners david schlesinger george hara diana david namho chung tripod advisors, cctv news, thomson reuters (chief global), global editors network ceo defta partners special advisor the cabinet office the prime minister japan vice president financial times, advisor nest.vc hong kong president keiretsu forum seoul, korea chapter x-venture labs industry partners nathan mcdonald piyush puri john ricci james zhao ceo keiretsu capital, brand capital worldwide, head angels, ceo, concept art house and spellgun, head keiretsu north-west times group india capital, crimson growth expert gaming industry world team over five years the company's life have built globally distributed, very skillful, and dedicated team that combines technical, business and customer management support skills and has demonstrated success many deployments and projects. world leadership team alex fedosseev brad kayton kyoko watanabe vladimir tyurenkov neville tarapowalla president since ceo founder board member since secretary; data and board member since board member since advisory member since wire, home, com, motorola mobility google, broadband forum. wire, home, polycom, zoom, vgo, prizmiq, serial entrepreneur director defta partners; director world alliance forum; board member portfolio companies managing partner steltec capital; hive big data, ex- hansberger global investors. managing partner brand capital/ bccl, head times group usa; yahoo, microsoft, ex-ceo publicitas digital world business team matt ganeles katia kourtseva emily kayton klaudia kostarelas quinn miller world west coast world west coast world east coast world west coast marketing graphic designer project manager blockchain ecosystem palo alto, finance office content manager logistics manager upport publishers general support brands palo alto, boston, area customer success manager publishers, brands, partners palo alto, palo alto, world global business team nikhil shah namho chung daniella franchin mike tanji sergei makedonsky india representative korea representative latin america representative times group ahmedabad, india bus development silicon valley, usa seoul, south korea busdev and san paulo, brazil defta partners world japan representative forrester research eeu inmedia russia representative yokohama, japan moscow, russia world engineering core team valentina volotskaya r&d executive director lviv, ukraine dmitry volotskoy lera kulikova dmitry birukov nazar pilipyak architect and eng lead ux/ui designer back-end architect front-end engineer lviv, ukraine st. petersburg, st. petersburg, dmitry mironov eugene slesarchuk robert kovtiuk natalia gordienko lead engineer devops engineer back-end engineer operations lviv, ukraine stary oskol, lviv, ukraine lviv, ukraine kiev, ukraine world support team ruth lee jongseung lim austin king leonard jackson jameel bsata marketing user experience community manager community manager support support promotion manager promotion manager palo alto, south korea countries rowland, edmonton, alberta, canada world publishers and partners publishers using world examples can found here: https://ico.worldonline.com/examples advertisers using world examples can found here: https://ico.worldonline.com/examples partners integrating world examples can found here: https://ico.worldonline.com/examples risk factors the acquisition tokens involves high degree risk, including but not limited the risks described below. before acquiring tokens, recommended that each participant carefully weighs all the information and risks detailed this white paper, and, specifically, the following risk factors. dependence publishers and their advertising practices world's business dependent existing advertising markets with its very complex infrastructure and existing policies and practices related programmatic and direct advertisement, certain requirements for performance, reporting, discrepancy resolutions etc. these conditions might cause significant fluctuation token pricing. smart contract limitations smart contract technology still its early stages development, and its application experimental nature. this may carry significant operational, technological, regulatory, reputational and financial risks. consequently, although the audit conducted independent third party increases the level security, reliability, and accuracy, this audit cannot serve any form warranty, including any expressed implied warranty that the smart contract fit for purpose that contains flaws, vulnerabilities issues which could cause technical problems the complete loss tokens. regulatory risks the blockchain technology, including but not limited the issue tokens, may new concept some jurisdictions, which may then apply existing regulations introduce new regulations regarding blockchain technology-based applications, and such regulations may conflict with the current smart contract setup. this may result substantial modifications the smart contract, including but not limited its termination and the loss tokens. price bitcoin and ethereum world offers services companies and individuals engaged mining cryptocurrencies, primarily bitcoin. such operations are highly dependent bitcoin prices local exchanges. sharp and protracted decline bitcoin prices can affect the ability world's customers fulfill their contractual obligations pay rental fees token holders whose tokens they rent. rapid changes technology may adversely affect mining business cryptocurrency mining very dynamic and fast-paced business. remain competitive, world will use its best efforts follow and promptly introduce the latest technologies its facility. however, world's failure remain competitive despite its endeavors may pose the risk declining benefits for the token holders. likewise, token holders are advised monitor their own mining equipment performance and update needed. alternatively, their equipment performance weakens over time, they should consider renting their tokens out other miners avoid the decline the mining rewards. fluctuation token benefits the token intended provide valuable benefit access world ecosystem for cryptocurrency miners giving them the ability use tokens earning mechanism. market changes, drop engagement value for publishers and reduction traditional online display advertising may reduce the value the tokens and drive down the prices tokens. sales and other taxes token holders and purchasers mining equipment may required pay sales tax (collected sale) and other taxes associated with the transactions contemplated herein, whether the united states their home countries. will sole responsibility the token holders and purchasers the mining equipment comply with the tax laws the united states and other jurisdictions and pay all relevant taxes. force majeure world's performance may interrupted, suspended delayed due force majeure circumstances. for the purposes this white paper, force majeure shall mean extraordinary events and circumstances which could not prevented world and shall include: acts nature, wars, armed conflicts, mass civil disorders, industrial actions, epidemics, lockouts, slowdowns, prolonged shortage other failures energy supplies communication service, acts municipal, state federal governmental agencies, other circumstances beyond world's control, which were not existence the time token launch. such circumstances occur prior issuance tokens and world unable issue tokens within months from the projected date, the escrow agent may issue refund the request the token purchasers. the refund will issued the original form payment the exchange rate the date the refund. compliance with u.s. laws and regulations because the hosting facilities are located the united states, token holders who wish use their tokens host their equipment the facilities would required comply with the u.s. laws and regulations and may need verify their identities and provide proof address (for individuals), verify their registration, good standing, list ultimate beneficial owners, and address (for legal entities) prior using their tokens and setting their equipment world's facilities, any time thereafter upon world's request. token holders who fail comply with such verification request, who are determined restricted from dealing with the u.s. entities operating the u.s., who are otherwise ineligible under the law host their equipment with world would refused hosting token rental services, with refund issued world for the purchased tokens. such token holders may retain their tokens may, their discretion, choose sell them eligible customers. token purchasers are solely responsible for learning about the laws and legal restrictions applicable residents certain countries and individuals involved certain activities. disclosure information personal information received from token holders, token renters, and owners the equipment submitted for hosting, the information about the number tokens miners serviced world, rewards earned the pool, the wallet addresses used, and any other relevant information may disclosed law enforcement, government officials, and other third parties when world required disclose such information law, subpoena, court order. world shall time held responsible for such information disclosure. value token once purchased, the value tokens may significantly fluctuate due various reasons. world does not guarantee any specific value the token over any specific period time. world shall not held responsible for any change the value token. assumptions with respect the foregoing involve, among other things, judgments about the future economic, competitive and market conditions and business decisions, most which are beyond the control the world project team and therefore difficult impossible accurately predict. although the world team believes that its assumptions underlying its forward-looking statements are reasonable, any these may prove inaccurate. result, the world team can offer assurances that the forward-looking statements contained this white paper will prove accurate. light the significant uncertainties inherent the forward-looking statements contained herein, the inclusion such information may not interpreted warranty the part world any other entity that the objectives and plans the world project will successfully achieved. other risks please note that the world project may subject other risks not foreseen its management this time. references naval ravikant conversation with ryan shea blockstack summit https://youtu.be/irsnzxgbm digital advertising spending dentsu aegis http://www.dentsuaegisnetwork.com/media/dentsuaegisnetworknewsdetaila//__ ?global-ad-spend-to-hit--billion-in--with-digital-driving-growth plasma.io white paper: http://plasma.io raiden technical paper: http://raiden.network lightning network: https://lightning.network examples world platform deployment: ttps://ico.worldonline.com/examples blockchain law group: http://blockchainlawgroup.com/#services disclaimer nothing provided herein shall deemed constitute prospectus any sort solicitation for investment, nor does any way pertain offering solicitation offer buy any securities any jurisdiction. this document not created accordance with, and not subject to, laws regulations any jurisdiction which are designed protect investors. information provided herein does not constitute offer, solicitation sale the tokens any jurisdiction which such offer, solicitation sale would unlawful. some restrictions purchase tokens may apply. please check with your legal adviser. certain statements and estimates contained herein constitute forward-looking statements information. such forward-looking statements information involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties which may cause actual events results differ materially from the estimates the results implied expressed such forward-looking statements. the exchange rate and discount are not guaranteed and may vary for different purchasers depending the price purchased tokens, the total number tokens sold, and other factors. exchangeability tokens subject the availability other projects' tokens.