white paper summary responsibilities disclaimer executive summary the digital coin fundraising for startups and companies payment gateway digital register office introduction basic information about blockchain technology blocks and transactions lunes node the proof-of-stake system .leasing .lunes wallet mobile lunes wallet lunes wallet features lunes market alert module multi coins management system card expenses management payment invoices and mobile phone top-up .lunes truth authenticity records what can registered with lunes truth? does lunes truth have legal validity? lunes identity plans .starting point what token? .smart contract .lunes market how does work? .lunes prepaid card .private label private label credit card prepaid private label card private label private tokens .card payment terminal .payment gateway .business model target segments main activity revenue sources market branches communication and distribution channels .unique and innovative .tokens distribution .initial coin offering (ico) pre-ico ico prices lunes schedule .resources funds distribution .roadmap .team .references .glossary www.lunes.io copyright (c) lunes nebulosa, all rights reserved .responsibilities disclaimer attention! the current white paper for informative purposes only. its content not sales promotion nor offer securities financial securities. read the document carefully understand how the lunes platform works. potential token buyers should carefully evaluate the risks and uncertainties associated with cryptocurrencies and familiarize themselves with all the information this document before conducting any business. .executive summary lunes the digital coin the technology blockchain one the most promising that exist today, ranging from smart contracts the creation and commercialization cryptocurrencies. the last few years, this market has been expanding surprising way, solving several problems with its decentralization and speed. today, possible make several records, payments, and even raise funds for companies using this technology. the cryptocurrency market has already surpassed the value renowned companies such facebook and amazon. cryptocurrencies are not only only solution for depreciating currencies, such usd, but also for our daily life. for being decentralized, safe, fast and low (or no) cost transactions, these currencies exceeded the value billion the end although this market constant and wide expansion, most cryptocurrencies have complicated process acquisition and negotiation. the wallets offered today are often poor terms usability, and they offer few resources. with all these obstacles, the experience for new users becomes difficult and creates unnecessary uncertainty. many users end fear and avoid this market whole due the risk being scammed. the lunes platform solution the complications. lunes has the resources for anybody interested the crypto world, ranging from beginners advanced users. its design was created facilitate and offer practicality, simplicity and intelligence. www.lunes.io copyright (c) lunes nebulosa, all rights reserved fundraising for startups and companies crowdfunding has become one the best ways fundraise. great business model which people get together finance particular project exchange for some kind return just for the pleasure helping others. today, many entrepreneurs and startups face difficulties raising capital and expanding their business launching new product service. the lunes platform will help these businesses able allocate resources and funds creating tokens. payment gateway e-commerce continues grow exponentially each year. currently, there are approximately million digital stores the world, and this number expected increase rate each year. estimated that the total turnover(sales) these e-commerce businesses exceeded usd trillion, increase compared (usd trillion). this great news for cryptocurrencies blockchain technology and e-commerce are complementary each other. through the lunes payment gateway, possible receive payments via cryptocurrencies, which can processed using physical card through sending cryptocurrencies themselves. with very attractive rates/fees for the consumer and for the company, the lunes platform solution for traditional retailers who wish receive their payment digital coins. digital register office most countries, register offices are crucially important ensure the development and security civil acts. from birth death, citizens are required use certificates various situations, and these certificates must comply with the legal requirements. lunes truth plans test the power the blockchain this area. aiming cheapen, simplify, and de-bureaucratize the notarial processes, the lunes truth works digital registry that makes feasible for companies and people carry out authentic records safe, fast, and totally decentralized method. the annual billing brazilian registry offices reaches billions reais (brazilian currency). amid this profitable and very bureaucratic market, the lunes truth service provides alternative help facilitate the lives its users. you continue read the whitepaper, there will more information learn more about each the tools offered lunes platform. www.lunes.io copyright (c) lunes nebulosa, all rights reserved .introduction this document was created present all the information the projects the lunes platform. white paper was created settle all the doubts customers, investors and partners interested doing business our platform, using our solution eliminate the problems that propose solve. lunes platform that provides set solutions that decentralized utilizing blockchain technology: such creating tokens, authenticity records, and making payment processing possible through our gateway operators using "fiat" currencies and cryptocurrencies. this makes possible take blockchain technology the general public uncomplicated way via the web, mobile, and desktop platforms. .basic information about blockchain technology blockchain data structure that represents the record transaction histories. each transaction performed digitally signed and encrypted ensuring the authenticity, integrity, and security the data. the lunes blockchain was written using the scala programming language and has implemented proofof-stake network consensus mechanism. blocks and transactions this technology was initially created satoshi nakamoto for the digital bitcoin currency. was the very first "cryptocurrency" ever exist and offer decentralization. blockchain technology advanced, transactions are not only limited financial needs but has vast capabilities. with its advancement, has been utilized several other branches, such tourism, hospital, financial entities, automobile industries, and others. has been proven have great benefits for the technological community. the technology employed lunes allows the registration any information digital format. with blockchain technology, possible distribute the digital information without being copied order avoid fraud. same other cryptocurrencies, the transaction record constructed and stored series blocks, called the blockchain trust protocol. this record provides permanent history transactions and also saves the order which they occurred. copy the blockchain maintained each node the network. the subsequent blocks are generated based unique and unpredictable information from the previous block. these blocks bind the basis this data, creating chain blocks (and transactions), which can traced back the genesis block. www.lunes.io copyright (c) lunes nebulosa, all rights reserved lunes, the blockchain based the technology waves ng, which implements the concept key blocks, which are referenced micro blocks, increasing the speed and the volume transactions. key block generation time seconds and micro blocks will take only few seconds. the maximum capacity for each key block will thousand transactions. lunes nodes the term node cryptocurrencies usually refers the software wallets. "full node" nothing but digital wallet where full and updated copy cryptocurrency chains are maintained. this node connects with blockchain validate transactions and blocks. therefore, the network kept safe and healthy condition for its operation. the more nodes connected, the more secure and stable the network is. node network component, which contributes validating transactions and blocks the lunes network. each node the network has the ability process and transmit transactions and information from the block. the blocks are validated they are received from other nodes. however, some cases, block validation can fail. when does, the nodes enter the "blacklist" temporarily prevent the propagation invalid blocks. lunes node likely generate block based the amount lunes that are kept the users wallet, making complete proof stake(pos) system. the proof-of-stake system pos mining works with randomness decide who will the creator the next block. similar raffle, each coin has its equal share, whoever has more coins has larger stake this draw, increasing the probability the creator that block. the adoption pos attractive feature for cryptocurrencies due being more efficient terms electricity consumption compared proof work (pow). pos has incentive holding more coins due increasing the probability being selected. pow dependent equipment "mine" coins and there incentive holding, miners tend dump their coins. the term used for the blocks pos mining "forged block," whereas pow names "mined block." the reward distribution the pos system varies greatly according the currency algorithm. certain currencies, the reimbursement for the creation new block distributed proportional way the existing quantity. lunes, with the system leased proof-of-stake (lpos), there creation new coins for each block because all the coins are already generated the distribution the ico. therefore, the mining rewards will from the transaction fees that block. have chance generate block, the miner should have minimum amount lunes staking their wallet. www.lunes.io copyright (c) lunes nebulosa, all rights reserved .leasing leasing means granting the power forge block network user lending the lunes coins that are your wallet. this allows any user participate the forge process with any amount lunes. participants not need have lunes order have chance generate block they lease their lunes coins. the process works were loan from their currencies the forgers. however they are able keep total control over their funds and possible cancel the lease any time. common users can forge coins. being reward for keeping its coins leasing. through the leasing process, the user can lend its coins node owner. this allow any user forge without creating node. the rewards obtained node are shared with those who have leased their lunes tokens. this generates competition between the nodes offer more attractive rewards, creating relationship between the lender and tenant. only lunes node can make the process building blocks, and these can receive more forge power from their users through the leasing process. the lunes uses system which each "coin" wallet can used tiny forging equipment. the more tokens kept the wallet, the greater the likelihood the wallet earning the rights generate block. the "reward" received result block generation the sum the rates transactions located within that block. currently, the return rates for leasing are approximately per year. www.lunes.io copyright (c) lunes nebulosa, all rights reserved .lunes wallet the release the lunes platform ico going done through our web and mobile wallet that are going available before the start the ico. the lunes wallet the safest way for the user store their lunes coins and also other cryptocurrencies such bitcoin, ethereum and litecoin. addition, the portfolio offers multiple services such block explorer, leasing, voting system, lunes market, payment invoices, and management debit cards. the wallet going made available the web, android, ios and desktop platforms. mobile lunes wallet the lunes wallet developed with focus security and being flexible wallet. the users have total control over their coins and access their assets any time. make transaction the blockchain, the user must perform digital signature their cryptocurrencies using secret code, commonly known private key. the lunes wallet, the private keys are owned the user. although the private keys are saved the lunes platform database, the user has full access them any time. also, the keys are encrypted and can only decrypted the owner. the owner able decrypt the private key using pin fingerprint. once decrypted, they may access their wallet information such transactions. the mobile wallet considered lightweight because does not need store all the transactions the blockchain. could also called "light client". only communicates with the network send/receive transactions and data, delegating the validation transactions the cryptocurrency's network. when comes the backup system, intuitive and simple. the wallet generates set words, called "seed words", which unique for each wallet. the seed words are used recover the wallet and should stored safely, preferably offline, physical device. the event loss exchange smartphone that has the lunes wallet installed, the wallet can restored another device, the keys are linked the user's registration lunes platform and not the physical device. the easiest way for user recover wallet through their email registered the lunes platform inserting the seed words make backup and restoring their private keys. this will allow them access their wallet and continue make transactions and have full access their cryptocurrency. the sending and receiving cryptocurrencies simple and straightforward. the user can either enter the address manually scan code. the lunes wallet then quickly sends the transactions the network. the block explorer available for www.lunes.io copyright (c) lunes nebulosa, all rights reserved constant monitoring the transaction's confirmations the blockchain. transaction rates are calculated dynamically according network congestion, preventing the transaction from being pending without confirmations paying excessive fees. the lunes ico will conducted using the web wallet and mobile wallet. once user stores bitcoin ethereum the wallet, they can simply buy lunes tokens. the coins will distributed the end the ico. the wallet also provides several features for the user. mentioned previously, the wallet flexible and can customized according the users needs. lunes wallet features lunes market inside the lunes wallet, there will exchange market where the users can change their cryptocurrency. although there "exchange" within the wallet, the funds will fully independent order ensure better security for the user. balances users' wallets are archived locally for security purposes. however, users will able transfer balances from their wallet onto the exchange market, allowing them trade the exchange without exposing their wallet whole. this feature allows them everything the lunes wallet app without having access multiple websites. the end the project roadmap, the exchange market available the portfolio will become decentralized, further raising the security the resources. users will also able schedule purchases and sell orders they don't miss any trading opportunities. alert module the value alert module has been specially designed for users who like track currency values trade. through this tool, the user can monitor the market dynamically, without the need install multiple applications. follow several coins multiple alarms with triggers values percentages notifications the android/ios status bar www.lunes.io copyright (c) lunes nebulosa, all rights reserved multi coins management system another feature the lunes wallet the multi coin management system. this allows the user store various cryptocurrencies the wallet. the tokens created within lunes platform blockchain will have automatic support the application. support for other cryptocurrencies will added the future. card expenses management the user will able manage and monitor all activities their prepaid card. expenses, balance, and recharges will within the palm the user's hand. users will also able manage their private label tokens, which are given through the lunes loyalty program. case loss the card, the user can cancel the card through the app itself. user will also able recharge their prepaid card with existing cryptocurrencies the wallet, instead having make additional purchase. payment invoices and mobile phone top-up payment services for invoices and cell top-up are going available only brazil. the users the lunes wallet can quickly and safely pay for this service with their cryptocurrency. the wallet will also provide thorough history their payments. the payment can made scanning the barcode typing their own phone number. there will small fee order execute the payment due the lunes platform liquidating the payment the desired cryptocurrency into reais (brazilian currency). the user scan type the invoice barcode. the value cryptocurrency needed pay the invoice, and lunes fees, deducted its wallet. lunes pay the invoice the bank system. the long-term goal provide several other services, such ted, for the convenience users. www.lunes.io copyright (c) lunes nebulosa, all rights reserved .lunes truth the lunes truth works digital register office our own blockchain and allows companies and people make authentic records utilizing safe, fast, and totally decentralized system. our system has set secure algorithms that allows the user registered permanently and without risk our platform. however, there small fee pay when logging signing one our plans. thus, will use our cryptocurrency, lunes, the fuel for the validation registers within our unchanging blockchain network. the annual revenue traditional brazilian register office exceeds the value million, and the overall sum all these establishments brazil the billions. the total collection reached was billion, the state with the largest profit was sao paulo, followed minas gerais and rio janeiro. the goal the lunes truth use cutting-edge technology cheapen, simplify, and reduce bureaucracy that currently exists when using register office. authenticity records another feature the lunes wallet being able register documents. these documents will recorded digital format with timestamp show authenticity and proof. any type document will able stored the blockchain whether art, declarations, proposals, reports contracts, etc. users generate hash file identifi code which based the binary content and serves single fingerprint. recording that information within the blockchain. the immutable and transparent nature the blockchain allows applications prove the existence file document certain moment time. some solutions are already being used type digital copyright through blockchain technology. users generate hash file identifier code which based the binary content and serves single fingerprint, recording that information within the blockchain. www.lunes.io copyright (c) lunes nebulosa, all rights reserved blockchains which allow the recording arbitrary messages, can used for this purpose, since strings can embedded transactions special field. each block has time record (timestamp), and each hash represents specific file (changing single character from document pixel image results completely different hash). this the necessary proof that the file actually existed the time the hash was loaded. what can recorded within lunes truth? the possibilities are really vast; books, music, sheet music, video, contracts, certificates, projects, monographs, and many other documents that require authentication such proof authorship validation. the lunes truth can extended store copyrighted documents such music, books, and videos. will also able register the physical conditions properties even rental cars before they are delivered the client. through the lunes truth, users will able make contract records using their digital signature. they will able establish contracts efficiently few steps. the user may also launch contract the platform where the signatories can authenticated the blockchain lunes. another example the variety service applications provided lunes truth the validation certificates schools, courses, and trainings. does lunes truth have legal validity? the lunes truth has full legal validity under brazilian and international law. according provisional measure provided that both parties agree the use digital certification their due model, considered valid. also stated under the brazilian civil code, article that "the validity the declaration will shall not depend special way, except when the law expressly requires." this means that the method registration declaration not the law, therefore making valid when both parties agree. art. public private documents, for all legal purposes, are considered electronic documents which this provisional measure addressed. the provisions this provisional measure shall not preclude the use another means attesting the authorship and integrity documents electronic form, including those using certificates not issued icp-brasil, provided that they are accepted the parties valid accepted the person whom the document opposed. www.lunes.io copyright (c) lunes nebulosa, all rights reserved terms international legality, several laws and jurisdictions support the validity the process, the example uncitral model law electronic signatures, which aims effect and facilitate the use digital signatures, through the establishment criteria technical reliability equivalence between the digital and manual signature. there are still others such electronic signatures global and national commerce act, federal law approved the united states congress and the personal information protection and electronic documents act, canadian law related information privacy. lunes identity through our applications, can verify the identity our users. after the complete registration, the system creates blockchain identity that the possession the user. the user wants, can include personal information and define they want this information public the lunes platform. using this unique identity, the user can perform actions the platform, such signing contracts through the app through the website. the case authentic registration, would great idea for the user have information linked the documents registered, such e-mail company's trademark. the user will have access through the website the app lunes identity, which will made available through web platforms, android, and ios. plans intend make the digital register office, lunes truth, available that any person company can use the services offered affordable and fair price. loose corporate users who have lunes identity will able make their records with the "loose" plan, which there will monthly fee. only one payment per registration will have made within the platform. this modality directed companies other online services that require volume authenticity records, which can applied various activities and actions. the customer can use the lunes platform integrate with our api into their system, being fully flexible solution any business modality, enabling the company use our authenticity services scalable way, all minimal costs. www.lunes.io copyright (c) lunes nebulosa, all rights reserved starting point one the main goals the lunes platform foster and innovate the process fundraising through initial coin offering (icos). the possibilities this modality fundraising for projects and companies just the beginning. today, there great debate happening worldwide about this disruptive modality fundraising. there are many that think icos great innovate way fundraise while many despise it. many people dislike icos due various reasons; lack transparency, non-effective project deliveries, scams, frauds and other dozens related problems. due these problems, many projects that show potentials have been pushed away from the market. also, causing many investors lose interest. for this reason, have developed the starting point. portal where project will able conduct ico and create token only when vote made users the lunes platform. users will able leave evaluation the project. simple terms, icos will rated the community. the vote will transparent, decentralized, and recorded through transactions the blockchain the lunes platform. that way, any user will able verify their suitability. our goal that, with these measures, can generate good practices throughout the maturation the process, increasing the amount quality projects using total decentralized and transparent regulations. these standards will validated the network itself, order create healthy environment for investors and reduce the risk investing projects that are just conducting ico for the money. intend become reference the market for launching projects and fundraising. launching project using starting point will also offer advantages the project creators. they will able create profile for the project, where they can disclose design characteristics, the development roadmap, the team members, and other information that essential for the community evaluate the project. the creator will able provide number tokens encourage users vote their project. also, portion the tokens paid fees will also distributed incentives for voting. the projects the lunes platform will have life cycle, with date creation and set deadline for community evaluations. once the evaluations are submitted, the creator the project will distribute cancel the distribution tokens according the communities decision. projects that are approved the community will assigned score. the score will calculated formula that weighs the amount votes favor the project, the amount lunes coins stake leasing the voter's wallet, and the reputation system. the reputation system will assign individual score each user. this score will attributed the assertiveness the approval disapproval projects. when the voter's opinion agreement with the total community voters, the user's reputation will increase and will receive more rewards they put more effort into their evaluations. for example, they voter disagrees with project and the project disapproved, his reputation will increase. the scoring formula was designed ensure the safety and quality project evaluations, avoiding spam and repetitions votes and giving greater relevance the community's most active evaluators. those who vote and evaluate project first will earn reputation bonus, their opinion will influence www.lunes.io copyright (c) lunes nebulosa, all rights reserved the opinions following voters. once evaluators place their vote, they can leave comment about the project. the comment may also receive votes from the community, which will increase the reputation the evaluator. the more participatory, agile, and consistent their evaluations are, the higher their reputation will be. starting point, the best projects with high scores from the community vote will highlighted and distinguished from other projects. once project launched, the creator will able keep the community updated through updating information the project's profile page. the future, projects will able include milestones for additional distribution tokens the event community voting approval, when deadlines are met, and when terms smart contracts are met. the application this procedure will quick and efficient. the user creates token, which allow listed the starting point. when the project published, the vote process started. the end votation period the most part the votes are positive, the project will approved and listed fundraising the platform. the community will evaluate the project with positive negative votes. then records all the information about the project and publish it. what token? tokens are cryptocurrencies that are created already existing blockchain. for example, tokens are registered and stored the intellectual property the creator the blockchain. users the lunes platform will able create tokens the already existing blockchain. the goal the lunes platform make simple and easy for users with previous knowledge able create their own digital token. with access all the technology developed the lunes project, users will able create tokens our blockchain with small costs. the whole process can completed less than www.lunes.io copyright (c) lunes nebulosa, all rights reserved minute, lunes designed make token provisioning simple possible. the simplicity that the lunes platform aiming for will great solution for companies that have previous knowledge blockchain technology but want use it. .smart contract with the recent popularization the cryptocurrencies, has become possible create ways strengthen negotiations and contract performances order provide reliability transactions. blockchain uses smart contracts, which are automatic agreements which the parties involved define the terms independently without the need for agreement brokerage third parties, such intermediaries lawyers. blockchain technology also uses multi-level encryption ensure document security. smart contracts also allows two more parties create contracts autonomously. uses algorithm that defines the clauses, conditions, and punishments both parties and then executed automatically, according the preestablished parameters. there are several clauses that may included contract, such the double deposit method. this method used order protect both parties involved the contract. unless both parties come agreement before the contract expires, the funds are "burned" and cannot accessible ever. another option the oracle contract which data dissemination service providers that share data that can used within the smart contract. example would use for financial services such auctions where will collect all the bids and select the highest bid automatically the end the auction. smart contracts are crucial blockchain technology the factor that generates independent trust between both parties, even among anonymous people. .lunes market understand the importance decentralized exchange, critical know the security and reliability issues that the centralized model brings the cryptocurrency market. the conventional exchange market, all users' assets are the guardianship third party, which usually the exchange itself, making these platforms great target hackers who seek vulnerabilities invade and plunder assets. another harmful factor the lack reliability leaving values allocated their hand, they can, overnight, remove their sites and disappear with the client's capital. depending the situation, that person has one turn to. www.lunes.io copyright (c) lunes nebulosa, all rights reserved some famous cases invasion disappearance resources took place the centralized exchange already consolidated the market, such poloniex, bittrex, mtgox and others. the lunes market proposal totally different from the models that are available, such the obsolete systems centralized exchanges that dominate the market. our exchange decentralized and fully integrated into blockchain lunes. lunes market, users will able trade the tokens created within the lunes platform, addition cryptocurrencies bitcoin, litecoin, ethereum and others, all decentralized way, with the user having full control their keys and tokens, different from the process traditional exchange. token can used bring existing cryptocurrency active lunes market. the case bitcoin, users can deposit and withdraw bitcoin directly via lunes client. the bitcoins exist blockchain lunes token called lbtc and are paired with other real digital coins multi-signature portfolio managed gateway. this approach can implemented for any cryptocurrency and our initial focus provide the gateway between btc, eth and ltc. how does work? the idea behind decentralized exchanges that the user's tokens and cryptocurrencies are not stored third-parties. this allows the user have full control and security over their funds and investments. decentralized transactions these exchanges occur directly between users (peer peer). and performs the transfer the blockchain. when user creates buy sell order. buy order sell order that order recorded service called matcher, which runs lunes node this allows the user directly control their currencies and able negotiate automated and transparent manner. the rate each exchange market transaction will low and can also adjusted according the volume user negotiations. www.lunes.io copyright (c) lunes nebulosa, all rights reserved .lunes prepaid card with the lunes prepaid card, the user will able add credits paying with lunes bitcoin simply using their mobile wallet online lunes platform. even people that are not familiar with cryptocurrency will able use due its simplicity. this allows the user able use their digital funds and assets for any physical business purchase whatever they need. .private label private label card type credit card issued retailer and commonly valid only for purchases from establishments this retailer. this service growing the retail segment. according the data from the brazilian association credit card companies and services (abecs), these cards account for more than the total billing credit cards brazil. furthermore, packaged facts (the leading market research publisher) estimated that total billion were moved through private label cards the united states. when offering private label cards, the store generates greater customer loyalty. these not need tamper with your bank history worry about the credit card limit because the store itself can provide credit limits and differentiated discounts. the shopkeeper who offers this type service his clients helps satisfy populations that not use bank services (about brazilians). utilizing private label cards, retailers will able see the growth number customers and sales. private label credit card the lunes platform, the invoices for these cards can paid with lunes other cryptocurrencies the platform, depositing bank, directly with the retailer. these cards can also have their own visual identity customized retailers advertise their company and create loyalty program provide incentive their loyal customers. examples incentives would discounts their next purchase free meal when they have accumulated enough points. credits/points will stored the form tokens the lunes network, bringing gains relation transaction costs, which not require using the traditional banking network. this way, reduces the complexity managing the loyalty program, will automatically fully integrated into the private label cards. www.lunes.io copyright (c) lunes nebulosa, all rights reserved prepaid private label card the lunes private label prepaid card going allow the retailer have more control over his cashier, generate special discounts for customers, and eliminate the problem defaults. this will done creating loyalty network with long-term relationships with customers, increasing their sales and leveraging their profits. the card will processed utilizing blockchain technology the lunes platform. the tool excellent for use networks and franchises form payment and loyalty. this case, the cryptocurrency can also used trading currency the merchants' wallet tefs and pos. private label private tokens private label and private tokens are one the innovative features listed the lunes platform. great method for retailers create loyalty program for their customers. also drastically reduces the fees that retailers have pay when microtransactions are made. utilizing private label and private tokens, retailers will have multiple options for their payment systems and also provide autonomy. utilizing the private label the lunes platform allows retailers not worry about converting their private tokens cryptocurrency into fiat. retailers will able convert their funds through the lunes platform .card payment terminal the lunes card machine will modern device, with low-cost appliance for formal and informal traders. will allow them have access markets with the best rates. the user can take the device anywhere, can connected the internet via wi-fi gps, allowing them receive payments from any location any time. the device very compact and lightweight. will able receive variety payment methods such traditional credit cards and debit cards, well cryptocurrencies such lunes and bitcoin. the user will also able choose they want receive those cryptocurrencies fiat keep digital currency. www.lunes.io copyright (c) lunes nebulosa, all rights reserved .lunes payment gateway the payment gateway interface that transmits data swiftly and securely between customers and retailers using lunes. the lunes gateway excellent facilitator for companies that online business, whether e-commerce, marketplace, app, digital game, and many more. through this gateway, payments will processed with cryptocurrency credit card. the fees charged the service are very small, which makes our solution advantageous compared others the market. lunes gateway will also protect customer information through encryption, ensuring that the data can safely travel between the client terminal for the vendor and seller lunes. the payment will deposited into the seller's wallet and the seller may choose receive fiat digital currencies. this information then stored, allowing the trader have listing all transactions performed. .business model the potential bitcoin has brought the world with the application blockchain and all its disruptive, philosophical, and economical technological arrangements has enabled any individual control their resources safe and inclusive way. this breakout blockchain technology has allowed users gain financial and technological freedom break the paradigms and centralization capital and information. the rise the digital assets market trading currency starting adopted worldwide and its potential continues grow each year. but undoubtedly, order for the mass adoption cryptocurrencies and blockchain people and companies become reality, there needs more solutions make the transition smooth and efficient. therefore, necessary increase awareness the technology the market for people who are unaware cannot understand the intrinsic value the technological revolution provided blockchain. blockchain technology needs more user-friendly and accessible for people who are not familiar with tech. we, lunes, understand these difficulties and are not seeking another fintech that runs behind the construction new technological arrangements. our goal use the power blockchain and smart contract bring solutions everyone easy-to-use manner. our goal promote technology that can accessible any person. will strive help retailers establish their business that they can make cryptocurrencies method payment. will make possible for the consumer make daily transactions safe and friendly way, with unique experience. will also generate set resources solve problems society through the use blockchain technology. www.lunes.io copyright (c) lunes nebulosa, all rights reserved this will done offering solutions such as: decentralized digital registry exchange market creating tokens fundraising payment gateway commercial automation equipment target segment all these products and services were built and will build order convey safety and practicality people and retailers who are not familiar with technology, providing cost reduction and increase storage digitally. main activity financial processing are focused developing set comprehensive and sustainable solutions business, using blockchain. our regional market, the latin american, are the first develop and deliver these solutions, differentiating and distancing ourselves from any other project. authenticity record all these products and services were built and will build order convey safety and practicality people and retailers who are not familiar with technology, providing cost reduction and increase storage digitally. fundraising through our modern and innovative ico system, using starting point, offer system fundraising the form token creation, enabling anyone capitalize their ideas their business and giving opportunity for visibility and contribution through support their community. www.lunes.io copyright (c) lunes nebulosa, all rights reserved revenue sources rates use, deployment and maintenance services and products fees are going paid and converted into revenue through services such wallet lunes, lunes market, and starting point. other sources revenue will come from the rates deployment and maintenance services and products, such the private label and payment gateway. transaction fees from using our machines and prepaid card will also converted. subscriptions services lunes truth will have services with subscriptions that offer service signature systems. proof authenticity lunes truth also has service that provides proof authenticity without charging the user monthly but per record. market branches register offices (at brazil) revenue r$. billion between and forecast increase tariffs fundraising brazil: billion europe: eur billion india: us$ billion and about us$ billion, africa: us$ million, cryptocurrencies fundraising the total market capitalization cryptocurrencies was us$ billion payment gateways asia pacific: us$ billion europe, middle east and africa: us$ billion, americas: us$ billion us$ billion, estimate for us$ trillion. card payment terminal, private label, prepaid card card payment terminal: expectation achieving trillion transactions private label: amazon reached about us$ million sales its private label prepaid card: projection reaching us$ trillion www.lunes.io copyright (c) lunes nebulosa, all rights reserved communication and distribution channels the lunes platform has multiple communication channels that are easily accessible our website. will communicate through platforms such service sites, facebook, twitter, medium, bitcointalk, telegram, and linkedin. will and currently are generating campaigns spread news our technology order reach the target audience for each product and service. addition strong online performance for the distribution and growth the use our services and products, are working solid structure strategic partners for the expansion services the retail networks and the service sectors. our main means communication and distribution the client will through creative advertising and marketing campaigns the digital media. will utilize search engines, websites, social marketing, and email marketing order attract prospective customers. .unique and inovative lunes digital coin based blockchain technology but also provides solutions for financial and proof authenticity issues. the growth the use cryptocurrency rising exponentially and being adopted worldwide. there are already million blockchain.info wallets and million coinbase users. blockchain technology continues adopted, the growth cryptocurrencies will increase even more. however, the current market not user-friendly and easily accessible for many. this where the lunes platform will game changer. lunes platform focused using revolutionary design make easier for new and veteran users. all products the lunes platform seek solve problems practical and simple method. even the user does not have any experience with blockchain with cryptocurrencies, will able use the platform there are clear explanations what each product focusing solving. are also currently creating specialized support team that will available answer any questions and provide support the users. addition, the lunes platform will bring intelligent process management with the aim meet the needs retailers and consumers. starting point excellent example support provided the community within the lunes platform. lunes platform will also the first company the world offer private label credit cards, which will greatly reduce the fees paid retailers for transactions. many more management features for retailers will coming! utilizing blockchain technology the lunes platform will deliver high speed transactions that will effective saving bandwidth and increasing the speed building blocks.this will significantly reduce the delays when performing microtransactions other blockchain systems. revolutionary design, flawless aesthetics, and usability targeted for novice and advanced users are just few problems the platform aims solve. with intelligent management, high-speed transactions, and many more features, lunes will revolutionize the digital market. www.lunes.io copyright (c) lunes nebulosa, all rights reserved .tokens distribution the total number coins created for the lunes platform million. more coins will created. the coins will utilized for the development team, company cashier for future investments, community awards social networks, and partnership consolidation processes. will available for the ico. below the detailed distribution: accounts amount (in millions) percentage (%) strategic partners development team social network ico reserve fund .initial coin offering (ico) ico modern, innovative, and decentralized fundraising method for cryptocurrency projects and enterprises that can characterized advanced crowdfunding system. the process and concept are similar that initial public offering (ipo) that used the stock exchange world. both the ico and the ipo aim raise capital, but the ico, the return the investments will digital coins tokens. pre-ico the pre-ico the token sales warm-up that occurs before ico. during this stage, possible obtain the assets price below what will marketed during ico. this great opportunity for investors obtain excellent valuation. www.lunes.io copyright (c) lunes nebulosa, all rights reserved ico price the process trading the tokens will divided into four stages, two during the pre-ico and two during the ico. the ico does not reach the desired maximum cap, the remaining balance the tokens will burned. there will four stages for the ico: pre-ico million bonus limit thousand per investor pre-ico million bonus limit million per investor ico million bonus limit million per investor ico million bonus limit million per investor lunes schedule pre-ico: february until march th. ico: april until may th. there will requirement minimum purchase that variety investors will able purchase and participate the ico. the other hand, there will maximum purchase that will limit the amount tokens investor can purchase. .resources/funds distribution the resources and funds that will collected during the ico process will used expand the development team, purchase card machines from the manufacturer, legal adjustments acquiring financial payments, structuring departments financial and accounting management, support and attendance, legal department, server infrastructure, and marketing. follow solid structure while focusing the quality the team, adjusting follow the roadmap planned. here how the funds and resources will distributed: administrative development infrastructure operational legal marketing www.lunes.io copyright (c) lunes nebulosa, all rights reserved .roadmap launch hybrid wallet beta ios and android pre ico starting starting activities mainnet and testnet launch after ico finished starting point decentralized audit hybrid wallet windows and linux github hybrid wallet web authenticity records web blockexplorer special for registration. authenticity records app explorer embedded market lunes site market lunes app vote via blockchain criteria for ico voting and creating process monitoring auditors bonus process creation tokens debit card private label lunes payment gateway launch (brl) prepaid card lunes fiat currency exchange lunes market file management; cloud record authenticity lunes credit card card payment terminal payment gateway launch (dollar and euro) www.lunes.io copyright (c) lunes nebulosa, all rights reserved .team lucas cardeal ceo/founder marcos lima kirszenblatt cbo/co-founder elton sousa adriana cardeal kleberthon hora wandyer silva damiao vieira felipe mendes fellipe siqueira communication director adonias santos marketing daniel laurindo jorge lenon araujo cfo cio felipe matheus rosa core developer luiz feitosa illustrator/ designer luiz fernando silva core developer payment methods director front-end core developer designer communication business representative www.lunes.io copyright (c) lunes nebulosa, all rights reserved .references https://blockgeeks.com/guides/what-is-blockchain-technology/ http://cryptorials.io/glossary/node/ https://www.erpflex.com.br/blog/vendas-bb https://br.cointelegraph.com/explained/smart-contracts-explained http://recomendobitcoin.com.br////formas-de-mineracao-e-diferenca-entre-pow-pos-poc/ http://www.planalto.gov.br/ccivil_/mpv/antigas_/-.htm http://www.uncitral.org/uncitral/uncitral_texts/electronic_commerce/model_signatures.html http://concursos.correioweb.com.br/app/noticias////noticiasinterna,/ja-pensou-em-sertabeliao-cartorios-do-df-arrecadam-mais-de-r--mi.shtml http://laws-lois.justice.gc.ca/eng/acts/p-./fulltext.html https://www.gpo.gov/fdsys/pkg/plaw-publ/pdf/plaw-publ.pdf http://www.ecommercefoundation.org/in-the-news/press-release-global-ecommerce-country-report- https://www.emarketer.com/article/worldwide-retail-ecommerce-sales-will-reach--trillion-thisyear/ https://www.statista.com/statistics//worldwide-retail-e-commerce-sales/ https://www.statista.com/statistics//forecast-of-global-bc-e-commerce-growt/ https://blog.nexxera.com/cartoes-private-label/ https://portaldobitcoin.com/criptomoedas-icos-visao-geral-/ https://inc.com/datalab/indian-startup-funding-report-q-/ https://yourstory.com///indian-startups-funding-report/ http://disrupt-africa.com///number-of-african-tech-startups-funded-rises--in-/ https://blog.dealroom.co/wp-content/uploads///-european-venture-capital-report.pdf https://www.businesswire.com/news/home//en/global-payment-gateways-market-growcagr- http://www.strategyr.com/marketresearch/prepaid_cards_market_trends.asp https://www.cnbc.com////amazons-private-label-brands-sold-almost--million-in-.html https://www.istoedinheiro.com.br/maquina-de-cartoes-do-safra/ www.lunes.io copyright (c) lunes nebulosa, all rights reserved .glossary you are beginner the world cryptocurrencies, recommend reading this small glossary. will help your understanding examine our whitepaper. you are already investor studying other cryptocurrencies, maybe this glossary does not need read. cryptocurrency: type virtual currency that uses encryption ensure more security online financial transactions. they serve buy products services the internet. they are often also used value reserve. transactions can made for anyone who anywhere the world, without minimum maximum value limit. often use the name token for cryptocurrency, but some cases tokens can have specific purposes within system. blockchain: ledger, comparable the book used register offices, its digitized form. unlike just book, copy blockchain can stored the computer device each its users. smart contract: smart contracts are written programming code that can run computer instead document printed with legal language. this code can define strict rules and consequences the same way traditional legal document, establishing the obligations, benefits and penalties that may due either party various different circumstances. but, unlike traditional contract, can also take information production other goods, process this information through the rules established the contract and take any necessary measures from result. wallet: where you can keep your cryptocurrencies. portfolios used computer are generally called web wallets and the one used smartphone and other mobile devices, are called mobile wallet. scala language: relatively new programming language, which can operate along with other popular language called java. the scala has good renown, such used sites like twitter and foursquare. proof-of-work: the cryptocurrencies environment, mathematical operation that must solved order have access data service. when think mining this style, have mathematical puzzle, and every block solved, correctly fit, reward given the machine that performed the correct calculation. proof-of-stake: system that gives rewards the user who keeps his coins his wallet. explorer: site place, which the transactions between the cryptocurrencies are registered. there you can consult the history shipments and receipts online and public way. full node: computer device that has the full copy blockchain. when the device accesses the network through intermediary, without having the full copy the network, call the device light client. seed: the key. general password your account, which should very well kept and should never shown third parties. www.lunes.io copyright (c) lunes nebulosa, all rights reserved www.lunes.io www.lunes.io copyright (c) lunes nebulosa, all rights reserved