electrify the power ico whitepaper version abstract the world's population lives asia and almost half this population live cities; and they're all connected central power grids. japan liberalised its power grid china has done parts and singapore will the first southeast-asia. more countries liberalise their electricity markets, consumers will get greater choice choosing their electricity retailers and the way they want consume energy. annual energy expenditure asia expected grow from us$ billion us$. trillion, source: asian development bank these liberalised environments consumers still consume power from centralised grids managed corporatised grid operators. there's also fast growing demand for alternative energy resources like solar panels, biomass and wind. however centralised electricity systems are lagging innovations and alternatives. solutions like renewable energy and peer-to-peer energy trading are still not prevalent. without access alternatives, consumers are not getting the choices they deserve. electrify will enable the decentralisation power production and bring the power choice the consumer. aim build better electricity network, and starts with intelligent energy ecosystem. the heart this new ecosystem will energy smart contracts secured the blockchain, fueled the elec token. contents electricity market primer existing business electrify ecosystem electrify marketplace synergy powerpod ewallet opportunities roadmap tokens founders advisors disclaimers electrify ico whitepaper electricity market primer regulated liberalised electricity markets power generation monopoly generator generator wind/solar farm asian countries are headed towards liberalisation consumer-to-business power distribution monopoly retailer retailer retailer home-based energy producer peer-to-peer consumers consumers regulated electricity market liberalised electricity market problems the market lack transparency barriers clean energy consumer credit risk the lack transparency between electricity contracts means customers may not always clear about retail energy prices, the sources energy and the carbon footprint. centralised grid infrastructure, there framework for reliable peer-to-peer trading platform, making difficult for renewable generator owners buy sell power without decentralised trustless credit database and payment platform, retailers are unable filter out customers with poor credit history, resulting higher costs for all consumers. electrify ico whitepaper page existing business retail electricity marketplace founded two senior executives from the singaporean energy industry early electrify the first retail electricity marketplace southeast-asia addressing the need for transparency and security the energy market. with gmv over sgd$ million date, electrify has transacted more than gwh electricity for business consumers since incorporation. traditional electrity contracting electrify manual filling paper contracts cash equivalent instrument online contracting and payments electrify.sg southeast asia's first retail electricity marketplace electrify ico whitepaper page electrify ecosystem the electrify ecosystem will operate the consumer-facing, electrify marketplace driven smart-contracts and peer-to-peer energy trading platform, synergy. electrify's existing marketplace business model will transformed into the electrify marketplace ensuring legitimate use case for the elec token. with the upcoming liberalisation the energy market across asia, marketplace will enhanced host retail electricity smart contracts and provide homeowners avenue browse and purchase electricity from retailer small-scale energy producers. synergy, platform hosted within marketplace will connect many small-scale energy producers and consumers, ensure price certainty and cut out the middleman. synergy will allow the electrify rapidly expand into other geographies, using the platform promote active energy ecosystem. energy marketplace (current business) electrify ecosystem (to developed) marketplace synergy peer-to-peer energy trading sdk retail electricity smart contract sdk retail electricity contracts ewallet powerpod supported web application web mobile application electrify ico whitepaper page electrify marketplace smart contracts for energy electrify's new marketplace will the overarching web and mobile platform, allowing consumers access all electrify's services. consumers will able purchase energy from electricity retailers directly from their peers (pp), cutting out the middleman. using smart contracts and blockchain, bring the following benefits the consumer: middleman fees reduced transaction cost automatic execution energy providers smart contracts entered into the blockchain electricity retail smart contracts electricity retailers selects energy provider list products consumer marketplace synergy smart contracts listing deposits elec how elec tokens are used marketplace small-scale energy producers electrify ico whitepaper page synergy peer-to-peer energy trading platform synergy allows consumers buy power directly from small-scale producers, such residential rooftop solar and wind turbines. synergy removes the middleman, and reduces energy costs for all consumers. trades will ride contract for difference (cfd) settlement mechanism. participants buy-side residential consumers electricity retailers mncs and small-businesses sell-side small-business and residential energy producers (factories, warehouses, homes) electric vehicles and battery storage systems others beyond microgrids, our cfd-based platform will allow synergy plug-and-play into major cities and all developed power grids globally. electricity grid operators third-party auditors commodity traders risk management teams transaction transaction producer's ewallet consumer's ewallet small-scale solar/wind producer consumer exports energy imports energy power grid electrify ico whitepaper page powerpod ewallet powerpod accurately track and audit the production from small-scale energy producer, have developed iot smart device measure and enable trades via synergy smart contracts. powerpod will log the energy produced onto blockchain. producers will required deposit least elec/kwp rated generation capability permissioned access write energy data onto the blockchain. this encourages long term ownership and disincentivises tampering and dishonest behaviour. this data will also allow producers awarded with renewable energy certificate. ewallet the ewallet wil used facilitate payments via the smart contracts, allowing consumers pay for their energy usage. this will enable automatic and secure payments and allow energy suppliers manage their credit risk. this will the standard for payments marketplace and synergy. electrify ico whitepaper page opportunities countries around asia gear for the liberalisation their electricity markets, electrify will deliver value through our marketplace and peer-to-peer (pp) platforms. singapore's open electricity market liberalisation will excellent test bed for our solutions. "global power demand will grow between now and japan twh us$.bn (asian development bank) china twh us$.bn thailand twh us$.bn "china and india alone are trillion opportunity for the energy sector. china accounts for and india total regional investment over wind and solar both account for around third total investment." annual electricity consumption approximate) vietnam twh us$bn philippines twh us$.bn malaysia twh us$.bn singapore twh us$.bn indonesia twh us$.bn new energy outlook bloomberg electrify ico whitepaper page roadmap mar launched electrify.sg oct transaction volume s$m jan elec token whitelist period feb elec token main sale beta launch electrify marketplace ewallet beta launch synergy powerpod expansion into japan expansion into the philippines, australia electrify ico whitepaper page tokens how tokens are used energy providers (deposit elec list products) customer pays retailers monthly bills fiat synergy monthly payments fiat electricity retailers consumer loyalty rewards paid elec transaction fees paid elec small-scale energy producers elec electrify token the elec will issued the ico and will used electrify's ecosystem. elec usage listing deposits for energy producers and retailers access electrify's ecosystem transaction fees paid energy providers electrify loyalty rewards for consumers conversion rate will determined closer the mainsale electrify ico whitepaper page tokens token sale main sale details hard cap usd million dates feb :pm utc mar :pm utc accepted currencies eth only elec usd rate elec us$. token supply total token supply: elec ico token issuance: elec maximum contribution determined based the number whitelisted participants the level product development and country expansion will determined the amounts raised, according the following table. hard cap delivery countries usd mil marketplace synergy ewallet singapore usd mil above items powerpod above japan usd mil above items above the philippines australia token issuance the tokens will transferable seven days from the end date the main sale. electrify ico whitepaper page tokens token distribution token sale team and future team members (vesting: each -month interval) advisors and partners treasury and community development community development for small-scale energy producers and consumers reserve contribution research blockchain public scaling development airdrop the community usage funds staffing legal and accounting operations business development and partnerships development, technology, research electrify ico whitepaper page founders julius tan ceo julius worked solar research engineer the national university singapore, thereafter moving electricity trader and head the energy department power company. julius and team aim build electrify offer seamless experience for energy consumers asia through the use blockchain and ai, unlocking value for both consumers and retailers. julius has and engineering from the university cambridge. previously worked the singapore economic development board (cleantech), standard chartered bank (global transactional banking), and schlumberger (oilfield engineering). martin lim coo martin has over years experience the mass communications industry, having served both creative and strategic lead for diverse range clients ranging from smes mncs. the last decade provided great deal exposure with business startups and regional business development. his interests energy and water led him subsequently co- found company develop water treatment systems for disaster relief. eventually landed role business development power company where was the lead new business generation the key accounts. martin leads the operational functions electrify which include driving internal milestones and pursuing new opportunities with various stakeholders from retailers customers, offering them fluid integration into the electrify ecosystem. electrify ico whitepaper page advisors jun hasegawa shirley wong current: founder and ceo omise omisego current: managing partner tnf ventures, board member imda, co-chairman the cyber security awareness alliance, vice chairman south asia business group, member temasek polytechnic's school advisory council and entrepreneur-in-residence singapore management university. blockchain scalability and payments technology prior founding omise, jun was involved founding series tech companies japan, primarily the fields e-commerce, life-logging, mobile payment, and payment infrastructure. growth strategy and partnerships jun currently leads international team engineers and business personnel countries across asia, and gearing for the company's expansions southeast asia. passionate about making online payments available the masses. previous: chairman (sitf), co-founder (frontline technologies, acquired bt) dr. licheng liu dr. yang dazhi current: o&m manager saferay pte ltd (global solar developer) current: research scientist (a*star) japan energy market, utility scale solar project development previous: deputy head, national solarisation centre (seris), phd (advanced photovoltaics, nus), engineering science (osaka university) greater china, ml, ai, data science, solar statistical forecasting previous: phd national university singapore interests: geometrical transformation, kriging and model output statistics, sensor network-based forecasting utilising spatial-temporal correlations, urban continental scale solar irradiance monitoring networks. research both structured and unstructured data mining and machine learning. foo ming qing nizam ismail current: software engineer electronics (info-comm systems) current: co-founder rht compliance solutions, partner and head regulatory practice rhtlaw taylor wessing, head regulatory sub-committee the association cryptocurrency enterprises and startups singapore (access) cybersecurity and power systems modelling previous: msc computation for design and optimisation (mit), electrical and information sciences (university cambridge), national taiwan university imperial college london relevant publications: robust and resilient estimation for cyber- physical systems under adversarial attacks. legal advisor previous: former executive director and head compliance for southeast asia morgan stanley, former deputy director, market conduct policy division monetary authority singapore (mas) distributed feasibility algorithms with application power flow problems. electrify ico whitepaper page disclaimers important notices risk factors the elec tokens are not securities defined under singapore's securities and futures act (cap. ("sfa"). accordingly, the sfa does not apply the issuance the elec tokens. for the avoidance doubt, the offering elec tokens need not accompanied any prospectus profile statement and prospectus profile statement needs lodged with the monetary authority singapore ("mas"). regulatory risks the regulation tokens such the elec tokens still very nascent stage development singapore. high degree uncertainty how tokens and token-related activities are treated exists. the applicable legal and regulatory framework may change subsequent the date issuance this white paper. such change may very rapid and not possible anticipate with any degree certainty the nature such regulatory evolution. electrify does not, any way, represent that the regulatory status the elec tokens will remain unaffected any regulatory changes that arise any point time before, during, and after this offering. this white paper does not constitute offer of, invitation purchase, the elec tokens any jurisdiction which such offer sale would unlawful. regulatory authority singapore, including the mas, has reviewed approved disapproved the elec tokens this white paper. this white paper and any part hereof may not distributed otherwise disseminated any jurisdiction where offering tokens the manner set out this white paper regulated prohibited. the information this white paper current only the date the cover hereof. for any time after the cover date this white paper, the information, including information concerning electrify's business operations and financial condition may have changed. neither the delivery this white paper nor any sale made the related token offering shall, under any circumstances, constitute representation that such changes have occurred. electrify does not make purport make, and hereby disclaims, any representation, warranty, undertaking, other assurance any form whatsoever any person, including any representations, warranties, undertakings, other assurances relation the truth, accuracy, completeness any part the information this white paper. whether taken whole read part, this white paper not, and should not regarded as, any form legal, financial, tax, other professional advice. you should seek independent professional advice before making your own decision whether not receive any elec tokens. you are responsible for any and all evaluations, assessments, and decisions you make relation investing the elec tokens. you may request for additional information from electrify relation this offer the elec tokens. electrify may, but not obliged to, disclose such information depending whether (i) legal and (ii) the requested information reasonably necessary verify the information contained this white paper. electrify not responsible for compelling any person accept elec tokens and disclaims, the fullest extent permitted law, all liability for any adverse consequences arising out relation such rejections the elec tokens. upon receiving any elec tokens, you will deemed have reviewed this white paper (and any information requested and obtained from electrify) full and have agreed the terms this offering the elec tokens, including the fact that this offering does not fall within the scope any securities laws singapore and not regulated the mas. you further acknowledge and agree that the elec tokens are not securities and are not meant generate any form investment return. the elec tokens and related services provided electrify (if any) are provided "as is" and "as available" basis. electrify does not grant any warranties make any representation, express implied otherwise, the accessibility, quality, suitability, accuracy, adequacy, completeness the elec tokens any related services provided electrify, and expressly disclaims any liability for errors, delays, omissions in, for any action taken reliance on, the elec tokens and related services provided electrify. warranty, including the warranties non-infringement third party rights, title, merchantability, satisfactory quality, fitness for particular purpose, given conjunction with the elec tokens and any related services provided electrify. regulatory supervision none electrify its affiliates currently regulated subject the supervision any regulatory body singapore. particular, electrify and its affiliates are not registered with mas singapore any type regulated financial institution financial advisor and are not subject the standards imposed upon such persons under the securities and futures act, financial advisors act, and other related regulatory instruments. such persons are required comply with variety requirements and standards concerning disclosures, reporting, compliance, and conduct their operations for purposes maximising investor protections. since electrify not subject such requirements standards, will make decisions those issues its own discretion. while electrify will have regard best practices these issues, holders elec tokens may not necessarily enjoy the same extent and degree investor protections would the case should they invest with regulated entities instead. fiduciary duties owed electrify not regulated financial institution, does not owe investors elec tokens any fiduciary duties. this means that electrify has legal obligation always act good faith the best interests holders elec tokens. while electrify will have regard the interests holders elec tokens, also permitted consider the interests other key stakeholders and prefer these interests over the interests elec token holders. this may mean that electrify permitted make decisions that conflict with the interests elec token holders. not owing any fiduciary duties holders elec tokens also means that holders elec tokens may have limited rights recourse against electrify and its affiliates the event disputes. tax risks the tax characterization elec tokens unclear. accordingly, the tax treatment which they will subject uncertain. all persons who wish receive elec tokens should seek independent tax advice prior deciding whether receive any elec tokens. electrify does not make any representation whether any tax consequences may arise from purchasing holding elec tokens. risks from third parties the tokenised nature elec tokens means that they are blockchainbased asset. the security, transferability, storage, and accessibility blockchain assets depends factors outside electrify's control, such the security, stability, and suitability the underlying blockchain (in this case, the ethereum blockchain), mining attacks, and who has access the smart contract where the elec tokens are stored. electrify unable assure that can prevent such external factors from having any direct indirect adverse impact any the elec tokens. persons intending receive the elec tokens should note that adverse events caused such external factors may results the loss some all the elec tokens. such loss may irreversible. electrify not responsible for taking steps retrieve elec tokens lost this manner. risks receiving the elec tokens electrify cannot and does not guarantee otherwise assure that there are risks relation the issuance the elec tokens. the elec tokens may, depending the manner which the relevant issuance effected, involve third parties external platforms (e.g., wallets). the involvement such parties platforms may introduce risks that would not otherwise present, such misconduct fraud the third party, your failure receive the elec tokens upon duly making payment because third-party wallet's incompatibility with the elec tokens. electrify not responsible for any risks arising due the involvement third parties, including the risk not receiving (or subsequently losing) any all elec tokens issued you. electrify ico whitepaper page thank you for more information, please contact: hello@electrify.asia