able the world able: applying blockchain extend finance this white paper states the current views able token issuer and service provider, chain holdings (registration code and its korean agency, k-blockchain (registration code --) concerning the able platform and related matters. chain holdings k-blockchain may from time time revise this white paper any respect without notice. the information presented this whitepaper indicative only and not legally binding chain holdings k-blockchain any other party. this document for informational purposes only and does not constitute and not intended offer sell, solicitation offer buy, recommendation of; able tokens, investment the able platform any project property chain holdings k-blockchain, shares other securities chain holdings k-blockchain any affiliated associated company any jurisdiction. please read the important legal disclaimers the end this white paper. contents .vision introduction backgrounds market sizes bank lending-deposit spreads case studies cryptocurrency banking services able project: financial services able investing-lending matching engine cryptocurrency payroll service and credit score/ loan convenient cryptocurrency address and scheduled remittance service account-based ico smart contract able ecosystem development plan able dex able financial products micropayment third party able system architecture able system able account able cryptocurrency economic system able consensus protocol technical structure able system architecture able system apis able system able coin able system business model conclusion vision the able project will create solution problems with traditional bank lending-deposit spreads, and nontransparent and centralized cryptocurrency financial services, basing the solution the transparency and reliability blockchain system. the able project the cryptocurrency-specific financial solution that provides cryptocurrency financial products through person-to-person loanmatching systems and decentralized exchanges. the able project will create platform that enables cryptocurrencybased financial activities center around the able account, emanating from the fact that banking activities are carried out primarily through bank accounts. users propose loan interest rates through matching system, eliminating the lending-deposit spread directly connecting users peer-to-peer basis. the able project supports decentralized exchanges and provides decentralized cryptocurrency wealth management services through smart contracts. ultimately the project aims evolve into the able ecosystem through its integration with external systems, including simple payments. introduction introduction investor borrower decentralized cryptocurrency platform fig. basic structure able able project: decentralized cryptocurrency platform the able project has been proposed provide alternative banks' conventional lendingdeposit spread structure, and solve problems with initial cryptocurrency banking services. banks have business model based lending-deposit spread (i.e., the difference between lending and deposit interest rates), which the bank acts intermediary between depositors and borrowers. this structure allows banks receive deposits low interest rates and lend money high rates, profiting from the difference. existing cryptocurrency-based banking services are provided through centralized structure. the combination unsustainably high interest rates and centralized services renders banks directly vulnerable managers' moral hazard and the hacking central servers. the lack integrated solutions the crypto market withholds users from experiencing diverse banking services. fig. conventional bank lending-deposit spread fig. absence integrated solutions the crypto market the able project aims solve these problems applying decentralized blockchain technology. developing matching engine that connects investors and borrowers peer-to-peer basis, the project directly connects investors and borrowers without any intermediaries. with intermediaries and lending spreads eliminated, cryptocurrency interest rates will determined mutual agreement between users free market, and said rates will serve market interest rates. investors can receive higher interests than they would centralized market, while borrowers can lend money lower rates, creating win-win scenario. since investing and lending occur governed smart contracts, the project will eliminate exposure managers' moral hazard and the risk central-server hacking. current cryptocurrency banking services provide deposits and loans separately rather than linking depositors and borrowers. the services have shortcomings such inability provide high deposit interest rates sustainable way. such services cannot mitigate eliminate intermediary risks because their structure based centralized model. the other hand, the able project directly links users, primarily through account, and enables variety financial activities such payroll and investment, based smart contracts. the able project primarily aims apply decentralized blockchain technology financial and wealth management features; directly link demand and supply through account peer-to-peer basis; and establish reliable system. aims subsequently build in-house decentralized exchange, and then evolve into platform which develop and use smart contracts for finance and wealth management services. backgrounds market sizes bank lending-deposit spreads case studies cryptocurrency banking services backgrounds traditional bank lending-deposit spread and cryptocurrency banking business model traditional banks serve intermediaries and profit from differences between deposit and loan markets (lending-deposit spreads). the able project will create system that enables investors and borrowers share the value generated eliminating such intermediaries. currently, cryptocurrency banking businesses provide piecemeal services such high-yield deposits and loans involving intermediary risks. the able project creates sustainable business model that enables direct account-based linking users through smart contracts, and through decentralization solves the problems managers' moral hazard and the hacking central servers. market size bank lending-deposit spreads fig. lending-deposit spread fig. bank profits from interest income and non-interest-rate income the average deposit-lending spread banks was recorded about thus explaining the their gross income. the non-interest income (e.g., service charges, trusts, securities, foreign-exchange income), the other hand held small proportion the decentralization financial businesses eliminates operational risks that occur during bank operations. since investors are directly linked borrowers without banks their intermediaries, they can use services without being burdened banks' operational risks. case studies cryptocurrency banking services case study loan broker risk: salt fig. salt multi-signature wallet structure and intermediary risk salt banking service cryptocurrency solution that lends money fiat currency backed cryptocurrency collateral. using the multi-signature technology that only allows withdrawal with the signatures both intermediaries and borrowers, this solution alleviates intermediary risk and thus distinguishes itself from existing solutions. however, the salt structure stipulates that without signatures, users cannot receive ownership cryptocurrencies return. while the platform uses smart contracts, until becomes decentralized cannot ideal solution intermediary problems. most lending platforms are also vulnerable managers' moral hazard because intermediaries retain customers' cryptocurrency assets. ponzi-scheme type cryptocurrency deposits there are cryptocurrency deposit services the form ponzi schemes that pay unsustainably high deposit interest rates. these services attracted customers providing interest rates high per month the six months following launch. the government the united kingdom has imposed sanctions ponzi-type fraudulent cryptocurrency financial services. ponzi-scheme type cryptocurrency services that collect money arbitrage profit-sharing model also have emerged. conclusion from analysis case studies cryptocurrency banking services cryptocurrency banking services are still their infancy and not have established business models. most attempts solve their problems have separated deposits from loans. this mechanism was not sustainable under the weight high deposit rates and failed solve the intermediary-risk problem caused centralization. the able project aims create solution existing problems and better system through the investing-lending matching engine and various financial services that provide account-based links between investors and borrowers. able project financial services able investing-lending matching engine cryptocurrency payroll service and credit score/ loan convenient cryptocurrency address and scheduled remittance service account-based ico smart contract able project: financial services the able project, its initial stages, provides: investing/lending investing-lending matching engine; payroll and credit score/ loan cryptocurrency salary- payment service and credit scores support loans; simplified payment and remittance service simplified account address service and reserve remittance; and investment account-based initial coin offering (ico) investment governed smart contract. the project offers account-based finance experience that encompasses, loans, remittance, payroll, and investment. able investing/ lending matching engine fig. example investing-lending matching-engine-based order book-interface the fundamental principle decentralization share value among actual participants while eliminating unnecessary intermediaries given business model. the matching engine that directly links investors and borrowers peer-to-peer basis allows investors and borrowers share actual value. whereas the traditional banking system, banks determine deposit and lending rates intermediaries, the able investing-lending matching engine allows variety investors and borrowers participate the process determining appropriate rates. since the existing cryptocurrency banking market tended focus either deposits loans, was difficult secure sufficient liquidity and trading volume. however, the market that enables direct linking peer-to-peer basis can increase liquidity and trading volume. generating great amounts various currency data made available users, such cryptocurrency shortterm rates, long-term rates, and trading volume, reduces volatility and helps create stable cryptocurrency market environment. investing-lending matching engine and smart contract investing investing fig. investing-lending matching engine and smart-contract production investing fig. investing-lending matching algorithm order book for investing and lending created based investing and lending demand from users. once invest lending transaction carried out based the order book, smart contract created execute the investment the loan. the borrower's cryptocurrency will set collateral and the contracted loan will given. then the investor will receive corresponding interests. investing-lending matching-engine products investing-lending matching-engine products are created increase liquidity and trading volume. offering too many products prevents banks from securing sufficient liquidity and trading volume, and offering too few prevents them from meeting various demands. considering that the cryptocurrency market cycle shorter than the cycles traditional financial markets, the solution will include products with relatively shorter cycles its initial stages. plan increase the number cryptocurrencies supported (e.g., bitcoin, litecoin) just the atomic swap feature introduced. investing-lending matching-engine business model the entire investment process--investment money transfer, interest payment, and investment return maturity--is carried out through smart contracts. collateralization cryptocurrency, loan payment, and interest payment are also carried out through smart contracts. users can invest any cryptocurrency set collateral mutual funds listed the able network and various investment products, but cannot make withdrawals. any investments made cryptocurrency collateral can automatically liquidated through smart contracts preserve the value collateral, case value the investments declines. the asset set collateral pos(proof stake), users can use external master node services based smart contract. cryptocurrency payroll and credit score/loan fig. investing-lending matching algorithm gmo, japanese internet-based conglomerate, has paid some its employee salaries cryptocurrency. growing interest the cryptocurrency industry expected result increase payments cryptocurrency for some salaries project costs. typically, loans are divided into secured loans backed assets, and credit loans based income. currently, there are only few credit-loan services the cryptocurrency space, because salary payment cryptocurrency has received little consideration. however, more salary payments are made cryptocurrency, credit lending based cryptocurrency also becomes possible. salaries can paid based project progress hours work done, and credit assessment and credit lending can serviced based cumulative salary-payment data. salary payment smart contract personal labor can assessed largely based hours work and performance. initially, the salary payment system will focus assessing hours work. then salaries can paid yearly, monthly, weekly basis. credit assessment credit assessment can rest the fact that blockchain data cannot manipulated. initial stages, credit scores are generated based the history completion salary-payment smart contracts and consistency cryptocurrency income. then, based the credit scores, the option allow salary advance payments will added. credit scores will refined creditassessment technology based big data and external credit-score data. credit loan based smart contract for salary payment adding the option making credit loan the cryptocurrency salary payment system allows users take out credit loan based existing smart contracts for salary payment, using the credit-score data within the account. convenient cryptocurrency address and scheduled remittance service fig. example convenient able account address the address lengths cryptocurrencies are typically characters for bitcoin and characters for ethereum, prevent hash collisions and hacking. however, remittance service that requires long addresses hassle for users. making cryptocurrency remittance more accessible means making cryptocurrency addresses convenient, principle similar that which web-based applications use easily remembered domain urls instead addresses. provide convenient addresses within the able account boost remittance activities, including small-amount payments. additionally, provide the option that allows users cancel remittance any time before the reserved time through the scheduled remittance service. account-based ico smart contract investing fig. able-account-based ico smart contract currently, solutions must provide variety data for kyc/aml(know-your-customer/anti money laundering) effective ico. files and personal data can stored the able account through encryption that users can invest ico the able account using personal data and ico smart contract. able ecosystem development plan able dex able financial products micropayment third party able ecosystem development plan the able ecosystem largely comprises the able account and support for third parties providing finance, wealth management, and micropayment services. will add the decentralized exchange (dex) feature store smart contracts based various cryptocurrencies. operating dex, will distribute the framework allow production wealth management and finance smart contracts, creating environment where wide array product developers can develop financial products. thus, users can access variety financial products, and through api development the able project can evolve into cryptocurrency finance platform and ecosystem enabling communication, including micropayment, with outside parties. able dex investment financial fig. able dex need decentralized exchange through which cryptocurrency assets can traded order develop wealth management and finance smart contracts. currently, most cryptocurrency investments are made through arbitrage trading centralized exchanges ico participation with personal wallets. however, through able dex, can eliminate the risks centralized exchanges and allow for wealth management. through the able account, can create platform that makes variety investment products accessible. the able network, will create environment where various smart contracts and decentralized applications (dapps) can enable the development the able ecosystem. able financial products financial template fig. able financial smart-contract template and framework utilizing various smart-contract frameworks and templates, users can develop cryptocurrency investment products. using these templates, financial-product developers can create variety wealth management and finance smart contracts without having learn difficult programming languages. users can access various investment products through the able account. smart contract for wealth management develop the smart contract frameworks necessary manage funds, such trading strategy generators, and portfolio analysis tools. fund-management service fees will attract investmentproduct developers and create ecosystem that will: allow creation variety technical indicator-based trading strategies. create systematic wealth management environment providing smart contracts that enable portfolio construction and performance analysis tools. finance smart contract while the investing-lending matching engine carries out most loans, demand for various financial services will met through finance smart contracts that include long-term loans, large-amount loans, loans, secured loans, and credit loans. secured loans, and credit loans based external able data will carried out through various integration mechanisms, following the development the able main network. initially, able will produce finance smart contracts; then able will gradually provide environment which various financial-product developers can produce finance smart contracts based the finance smart contract framework. micropayment/ third party big portion financial activities such credit-card payments, automatic transfers utility and service charges, and mileage programs will integrated into the cryptocurrency space. extending the scope practical application based variety partnerships with third-party services, including micropayment, will strengthen the able ecosystem. the future, majority economic activities will integrated into the cryptocurrency space cryptocurrency finance. able system architecture able system able account able cryptocurrency economic system able consensus protocol able system architecture able system users can use the able account access third-party services including micropayment, investments, loans, and wealth management. this strategy allows existing bank-account users engaged financial activities expand their services more accessible ways. aim provide users with financial services integrated around accounts. able account investing fig. able user structure fig. able account structure all the services the able system will operate smart contracts based able user and able account. the able user can have one more able accounts, depending the purpose. the able user data includes user information, list accounts held, fund/loan subscription details, payment history, and creditworthiness. the able account encompasses deposit account, loan account, collateral account, free account, fund/finance account, and credit score. each able account includes account information, account holder, account number, password, e-mail address linked the account, account type, deposit coin, and balance. upon creation the able account, the user can transfer and withdraw money through the able free account, and utilize various products based smart contracts. able cryptocurrency economic system able coin/able dollar able currency consists able coin and able dollar. able coin used service charge for using the able system, and able dollar used for interest payment. able coin and able dollar can exchanged. issuing able coin/able dollar the amount able coins initially issued billion, and the token decimal unit validation nodes will operated pos basis. the additional inflation rate through initial pos-based operation which will converge into the long run. the outstanding tokens, billion will distributed the general public and billion will assigned related parties. the initial amount able dollar issued billion. ensure minimum volatility, additional able dollar will issued. able consensus protocol able adopts the pos consensus protocol. the minimum number able coins preserved operate validation nodes will million. technical structure able system architecture able system apis able system able coin able system technical structure able system architecture able system the development able system goes through three stages. the first stage, first develop able account, investing-lending matching, and convenient cryptocurrency address services through solidity-based able smart contract technology the ethereum blockchain and then provide able service through the able web page. the second stage, develop able dex and design various able financial products that interact with able smart contracts and provide them users through the web page. the final stage, create dedicated blockchain main network for able that allows provide credit services and personalized financial products gathering and analyzing user patterns using financial products. the able system has the following architecture: made infrastructure layers, able framework layers, and application layers, and members have limited access the respective layers depending their access level. infrastructure the layer consists blockchain systems for managing shared log and executing smart contracts. the initial stages the able project, ethereum blockchain will used and then replaced dedicated able blockchain. the infrastructure layer, able accounts, investing-lending matching engines, the dex, and cryptocurrency gateways are designed, forming the foundation the able system. access the infrastructure layer limited the able system, but the layer maintained and repaired the request users. able framework the framework provides cryptocurrency gateways and the dex allow for exchange cryptocurrencies between different blockchain systems and offers finance solutions for investinglending matching engines and able products. smart contracts able financial products are designed based their characteristics. access the framework layer limited the able system which validates and distributes such financial products. able application the application introduces how transfer money, create account and use products designed based smart contracts and delivers user requests the framework. using account smart contracts, users can create their own able account, transfer money, and use financial products through distributed product smart contracts. the application layer provides web sites and smartphone apps for users easily use the able system. access the application layer also given users, and they can access the able finance and financial products through the web and applications. fig. able system layer the figure below represents the structure the able system, which will realized able blockchain, and the api relationships among the layers. users can use the able system through the website and mobile applications the able application layer. all the actions requested users are delivered the able framework through public apis, and smart contracts are called such requests. all requests among smart contracts within the able framework layer are carried out through protected api. the able system builds finance and account smart contracts which are responsible for able account-related processing, transfer, and remittance transactions. then smart contracts are designed provide services for investments, loans, and financial product transactions. the able infrastructure layer manages all smart contract codes working the able framework and users' account transaction details, remittance details, and financial product details blockchain. the able blockchain learns users' service details through big data analysis and recommends financial products tailored users' patterns. fig. able system architecture apis able system since the able system architecture layered, and levels access vary depending the layer, all respective layers and components communicate through standard-based able apis. the respective apis are divided into public api, protected api, and private api, and levels access respective apis are divided into users and the able system. public api request_deposit(coin type, amount) used when users deposit cryptocurrency money. deposits are made based the type and the amount coins deposited. request_withdraw(coin type, destination address, amount) used when users withdraw cryptocurrency money. withdrawals are made based the type cryptocurrency withdrawn, the address cryptocurrency receive, and the amount coins. request_transfer(source coin type, destination coin type, destination address, amount) used when users transfer cryptocurrency money between accounts. transfers are made based the type cryptocurrency transferred, the address transfer cryptocurrency to, and the amount coins. exchange between different cryptocurrencies will made the exchange rates and service charges set the able system. request_smartcontract(coin type, product address, amount, parameters) used when users apply for financial products. request for financial products made based the type cryptocurrency sent, the address the smart contract for chosen products, and quantities. protected api start_smartcontract (coin type, source address, smartcontract address, amount, parameters) when users request financial products, sends the type and the amount coins requested for the smart contract question. when the smart contract expires stop_fund occurs, end_fund will executed. stop_smartcontract (coin type, source address, smartcontract address) when users cancel financial products, the coins put into the product will returned through smart contracts. interim payments will made under the agreement for the product. end_smartcontract (coin type, destination address, amount) when smart contracts expire are terminated, the result will sent based the type products the account users who requested the products. exchange_coin(source coin type, destination coin type, amount, source address, destination address) used for transfer cryptocurrency between accounts used exchange cryptocurrency when smart contracts expire. set_smartcontract(smartcontract name, smartcontract description, smartcontract address) used when registering financial product smart contracts designed with the able system. the product thus registered made accessible users through the application layer. delete_smartcontract(smartcontract name) used delete any expired financial product smart contracts. private api ethereum apis these apis are fundamental the ethereum blockchain, and the able framework created using ethereum apis. ethereum apis are called requests. able apis these apis are dedicated able blockchain apis and basically include the same functions ethereum apis. they include additional apis that can process personal data and details customers that are difficult register with the public ethereum blockchain. able coin able system able coins are designed maintain the able system and used vendors. when new financial product smart contract registered with the able framework, able coins are used gas fee, which registration fee. thus release new financial products, able coins should continuously purchased from users and vendors, and the continuous purchase able coins maintain the system prevents dumping able coins. next, when users exchange cryptocurrencies through the able dex, able coins are used service charges. lastly, users can use able coins pay for products services offered able vendors. business model business model finance finance investing finance fig. able project business model the able project largely composed able user, contributor, and master-nodes. the user can use financial services, investment products, payments, and variety services. the contributor produces wide array services including finance, investment products, and payment that the user can utilize, and receives service charges. the master-nodes ensure stability operating decentralized able network based pos consensus algorithms, and receive networktransaction service charges. conclusion conclusion investing fig. able ecosystem scheme the ultimate goal able provide users with great user experience, while simultaneously allocating value able through all the benefits described above. finance, the project aims create systematic ecosystem and develop better user-accessible system applying blockchain technology any area deemed necessary. able intends integrate into one system all the financial solutions currently dispersed across the blockchain market, offering solution existing banks' problems, and alternative centralized deposit-lending systems. the investing-lending system, which the core the able project, particularly significant because creates personalized accounts for cryptocurrency assets. existing micropayment and fund solutions suffer from numerous shortcomings due the lack integrated account, and users have substantial trouble using those solutions. additional solutions will created the integrated system provide various services users through their account designed for them. the able project aims improve accessibility for the general public easily use institutionalgrade products with low service charges and high returns investments, well low lending rates, utilizing the benefits blockchain technology. personal accounts will enable users receive transparent services difficult earn through personal wallets. through the account and micropayment system, cryptocurrencies can used make actual payments, and users can participate smart contract-based financial products. financial products provided able offer increased access products which individuals have difficulty making investments. able plans allow users use products which access typically limited, such the presale unlisted coins with relatively high minimum-investment amounts; and intends provide users with the opportunity actually utilize cryptocurrencies. applying blockchain technology various financial services, such depositing cryptocurrency, using cryptocurrency coins real life, and making investments with cryptocurrency, will create system that meets the expectations those anticipating the fourth industrial revolution this age blockchain. notice caution the able project whitepaper has been prepared outline the project and provide specific description the roadmap. this whitepaper has not been prepared encourage attract investment, and all readers this whitepaper should advised that able token issuer and service provider, chain holdings (registration code and its korean agency, k-blockchain (registration code --) are not responsible for any loss, damage, obligation, financial otherwise, arising from the reader consulting with this whitepaper. please advised once again that chain holdings and k-blockchain accept responsibility liability for any financial damage, loss, obligation arising from the reader's use this whitepaper any decision-making process, including, without limitation, consulting with this whitepaper and basing decisions this whitepaper. values stabilities any able tokens including able coin and able dollar are not guaranteed. this whitepaper for able project provided as-is basis and does not warrant that any information contained herein will remain accurate unchanged until certain future point time. chain holdings and k-blockchain make representations warranties any reader this whitepaper and disclaims all legal liability related this whitepaper. for example, chain holdings and k-blockchain make warranties that this whitepaper has been prepared based legal rights; that constitutes infringement third-party rights; that has any commercial value use; that serves specific purposes that readers this whitepaper have mind; that contains errors. the extent this disclaimer not limited the examples illustrated above. references lending-deposit spread business world banks, https://fred.stlouisfed.org/series/ddeiwanwdb salt whitepaper, https://membership.saltlending.com/files/abstract.pdf british government ponzi fraud cryptocurrency service sanctions, https://beta.companieshouse.gov.uk/company//filing-history atomic swap, https://en.bitcoin.it/wiki/atomic_cross-chain_trading japan's gmo internet group will pay thousands workers bitcoin, https://bitcoinmagazine.com/articles/japans-gmo-internet-group-will-pay-thousands-workers-bitcoin/ bitcoin -character address length, https://blockexplorer.com/ ethereum -character address length, https://etherscan.io/ ipv, https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ipv_address kyc (know your customer), https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/know_your_customer, money laundering, https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/money_laundering