absolute. proof view litepaper -june- this litepaper cut down version the whitepaper which still development. this paper assumes that you already have basic understanding the cryptocurrency environment. the coins vision: our vision provide advertising, promotions and event platform with smart contracts that will have global reach network enablers. our network will allow agents, organisers and promoters the ability reach global audience and utilise their participation achieve their desired media goals. the network driven ultra-low transaction fees, reliable and fast transactions faster than bitcoin) which are supported large core network masternodes. mainnet development newly developed mainnet (specifications which will announced shortly) will attached the current blockchain. de-synchronous sidechain implementation for smart contracts will initiated via collateral agent inputs and managed under escrow from upper tier nodes. reward structure proof stake (pos), proof view (pov), proof work (pow), masternodes (mn) the abs cycle absolute aims incentivise healthy balance holding and liquidity. this will split the reward structure follows: holding incentives masternodes masternodes are way earning rewards for holding coins: collateral locked into the network allowing stability. return, masternodes take turn process the network, receiving reward for doing so. pos individual cannot hold enough coins activate masternode, they can earn rewards holding over specified amount until the coin matures. when this happens they will start receive rewards the form abs. liquidity incentives pow hashing power from mining will supply security and stability the network. return the network will offer the block chain reward structure incentivise liquidity. pov the proof view network funded via smart contracts. agents set contracts which are paid per interaction with the network. the interaction rewards are set the agent. reward issued per successful interaction between certain 'actors'. the reward distribution set based upon the type contract that issued. these transactions allow abs distributed multiple individuals and can turn sold. this generates volume, formulating new cycle. coin specification mainnet pov network ticker abs algorithm lyrarev block time seconds seconds tps block size difficulty algorithm dark gravity wave (v..a) (v..a) governance fee abs governance minimum quorum masternodes masternode collateral abs abs *the current version v..a using masternode collateral abs. this will replaced abs minimum requirement the next version (v..a) which will then become the new base tier. network interaction although the pov network totally transparent, there collateral requirement that must met allow access the pov masternode network. these nodes process the pov transactions and administer contract escrow. they also provide agents, enablers, users and the network with rewards based the interactions. return for processing pov interaction, the network will receive additional reward top the block reward. times high network transactions, this will mean increased roi for pov masternodes. the pov network controls the escrow funds held for each contract. when contract interaction occurs, the pov network commands the pov nodes release escrow funds the required interactors specific periods during the day. all transactions the pov network are used process abs efficient way. this means that when there high activity the pov network will have minimum effect standard transactions the abs mainnet. the pov network controlled and maintained directly the pov masternodes including block sealing. there reward structure this network, its primary use facilitate payment the mainnet and reward 'actors'. network terminology the pov network made number 'actors'. these are people that interact with the network successfully process transaction. agent agents are the contract initiators. they purchase abs from exchange and then issue contracts based their needs. enablers certain contracts require 'enablers' create adverts and distribute media, either physical form online. they have met the requirements the contract and lead generated, they will receive reward for their interactions. these rewards depend the type contract they are fulfilling. users these are end users who communicate with the enablers agent via the network produce interaction. possible for users rewarded based their interaction with certain contracts. pov nodes pov node the core network processor. masternodes receive rewards for processing interaction information the network. tier network reward structure keep the network fair for all users, there will equal share the block reward based abs distribution offset against collateral. the upper tier nodes will receive rewards from the pov network well, which will increase the roi over the base tier. base tier node collateral abs upper tier node collaterals (pov nodes) abs abs abs (to added later date) abs (to added later date) proof view (pov) proof view allows network agents form advertising, promotion event based contracts. agents must have active connection the network either via the wallet via website that connected pov node. this website can set masternode holders that have the highest tier nodes. contracts can formed based the following areas: (loc) location based contracts qualified via apple android wallet these rewards are based agent trying attract people location for specific reason such as, but not limited to, event, conference, party festival. (phy/ phy-loc) physical based capture contracts qualified via apple android wallet. these are split into two areas based pre-defined interactions: (phy) media capture via smart phone with the wallet installed. before the campaign starts, adverts are catalogued and imported into the pov system, receiving individual id. the wallet will then match this and will supply links the advert which will generate lead for the agent. (phy-loc) location media capture via smart phone with the wallet installed. these must certain location receive rewards. this double verification process which combines standard physical based capture (phy) and location. (saw) social media and website based lead generation contracts. these come under two different criteria: (saw-u) unqualified leads these interactions are not subsidised via the collateral buffer and can only funded via the agent's collateral alone: website adverts and banners processed via the network when interaction occurs. outbound media, based click per view. (saw-q) qualified leads these interactions are subsidised via the collateral buffer and can only funded via the agent's collateral: lead generation which results detailed form submission website order attached the contract id. (ues) users can become enablers republishing media the contract allows it. most contracts are subsidised the block reward structure via the collateral buffer. collateral buffer the collateral buffer stabilisation fund that bridges between the block reward and the pov network. provides two outputs: proof view contracts subsidy. this allows subsidy percentage based the level engagement the pov system. high demand will reduce the subsidy lower percentage. lower demand will increase the percentage until the contract value met. the second average output counteract the dynamic adjustment algorithm that keeps the buffer full. this makes fairer for masternodes that received funds from the buffer overflow receive stable reward figure daily. this amount split between the total number nodes that have been active for more than one day and transferred all nodes daily basis. loading conditions the reward structure dynamically adjusted allow the collateral buffer stay full based demand. here are few loading condition examples: block reward allocation pov loading collateral overflow collateral funding pow pos governance none* medium high pov loading conditions explanation none the buffer full and awaiting smart contract initiated. all additional supply from the allocation diverted the masternodes and paid daily all qualifying nodes. medium the buffer use but requires funding from the reward structure stay the algorithm's specific target. only the block funding required, the other dispensed the masternodes and paid once day all qualifying nodes. high the buffer being depleted rapidly and all available funding initialised restore collateral within the buffer. the buffer will always pull minimum from the block reward. this allows growth the fund over time sustainable way. the base size the fund allocated via governance. the subsidy algorithm tracks demand for the fund and turn increases decreases the size the fund and subsidy percentage accordingly. pov reward the pov reward system funded agents that wish create smart contracts. enablers, pov nodes and users then receive percentages the pov reward structure based the type interaction that occurring the contract. subsidy amounts are adjusted based loading conditions; the pov network will always receive base percentage per contract. below standard overview the reward structure for different contract areas based full load. contract type (loc) (phy) (phy-loc)) (saw-u) (saw-q) (ues) subsidy (sb) enabler user max max max max max %-(sb%) %-(sb%) %-(sb%) %-(sb%) %-(sb%) pov network (sb%)+%* (sb%)+%* (sb%)+%* (sb%)+%* (sb%)+%* governance *the pov network percentage will always higher than that the subsidy, except for loc based contracts. reward allocation based tier level tier level pov allocation from interaction per click governance sway per abs reward scenario for pov the table below average reward based abs being spent one day the pov network. this assuming that all contracts are equal volume (.% pov fee). this reward can added the standard block reward. these are extreme conditions based each end the loadings range. tier level subsidy abs contract average from one day reward abs max subsidy reward abs this the total reward, which would need distributed equally across the tier level. sources and links github https://github.com/absolute-community/absolute official website https://www.absolutecoin.net bct announcement thread https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=.;topicseen reddit https://www.reddit.com/user/absolutecoin discord server https://discord.gg/fhtgzy telegram https://t.me/absolute_community contact contact@absolutecoin.net legal cryptocurrency investments are inherently high risk. please make sure you are aware the nature, complexity and risks before using any cryptocurrency. not invest more than you can afford lose. important not use coins without taking into account the possible loss, since the type change these currencies highly volatile and the absolute team unable regulate market-defined prices. strongly suggest seeking advice from your own financial, investment, tax legal adviser. the absolute development team will always act good faith and not liable for the use absolute other community members, persons institutions. references the proof view system created and published cryptocentric, part the absolute coin (abs) development team: cyptocentric@absolutecoin.net bitcoin foundation https://bitcoin.org/en/developer-documentation dash https://dashpay.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/doc/overview?mode=global