v.. table contents abstract ............................................................................................................................. .............. aced (ace dividend) tokens ................................................................................................................... context ............................................................................................................................................. prelude ............................................................................................................................. ................. platform identity ............................................................................................................................ chance game suite ........................................................................................................................ derivatives market ..................................................................................................................... future iterations ..................................................................................................................... state channels and implementation ...................................................................................................... uses and potential ........................................................................................................................ casual gambling and derivatives............................................................................................................ user experience ......................................................................................................................... flip and over/under ............................................................................................................................... design ......................................................................................................................................... issues, front-end, back-end and avoiding manipulation ....................................................................... roadmap ......................................................................................................................................... marketing .......................................................................................................................... ............. aced token and crowdsale .......................................................................................................... sale details ................................................................................................................................. crowdsale date, information, token rate, distribution, allocation ...................................................... the team .......................................................................................................................................... disclaimer ............................................................................................................................. .......... mentions ......................................................................................................................................... thanks and references ........................................................................................................................... page abstract etherace decentralized assets speculation and betting platform based smart contracts, state channels and blockchain technology. provide different market instruments that all types users, from traders gamblers, can benefit from. the etherace platform built layer top ethereum, which enables all bets placed and all value stored secure decentralized transaction ledger. this allows for level enhanced transparency, security, lower fees, and intermediaries required that traditional online betting and speculation platforms cannot match. all the platform logic handled autonomous, open-source smart contracts, creating trustless environment with governing body. there are three high-level parts the etherace platform; you can bet the odds, your skill, us. when betting the odds, user's will bet something where the result derived from random generator. users can also bet their skill our peer-to-peer derivatives market. anyone can choose bet etherace holding aced (ace dividends) tokens. etherace provides trustless tool for all speculators and gamblers the cryptocurrency sector which highly speculative environment, use speculate gamble blockchain and traditional assets for profit. etherace uses state channels allow for off-chain actions reduce transaction time and fees, improving and allowing greater while still leveraging blockchain functionality. with low latency products, massive market potential, and unique user-interfaces built for web., the etherace platform poised disrupt the cryptocurrency world instrument that anyone will have incentive use. the world financial markets are transcending, enabled the creatio the blockchain. for now, our platform extremely useful anyone the cryptocurrency sector, which segregated from the overall financial sector. the world markets shift, our platform will become valuable anyone the financial sector because offer greater qualities. aced (ace dividend) tokens there was third part the etherace platform mentioned above, the ability bet us. etherace understands the importance for platform such itself have strong community support thrive. part the etherace vision have this platform belong the community that supports it. therefore, holders the aced token receive all profit etherace earns, the form quarterly payouts, handled our dividends smart contract. profit divided token holders proportional the number aced tokens they hold. they will also able vote various subjects, such features options added tweaked. examples could user fees, designs, community proposed features. this leads aced token holders being true part the etherace platform and community. when the platform gains volume, tokens can also used reduce platform fees and other exclusive features that may voted on. quarterly profit formed from user service fees the derivatives market, and the profit the chance game suite generates (edge fees). offering platform tokens that encompass many benefits such dividends one the features that differentiate us. added incentive for users utilize and spread our platform because they will directly benefit from the volume it. page context the etherace platform uses blockchain technology, more specifically, use the ethereum blockchain. but what does that mean? the blockchain was created satoshi nakamoto. distributed digital ledger where transactions are recorded publicly. can also thought distributed shared database. key concepts the blockchain supports and enables include: decentralization, transparency, immutability and accessibility. decentralization refers one being, group has control it. they are transparent because they use shared consensus, anybody can hold copy the ledger and everyone can verify each other accounts. the immutability trait derived from when new data transcribed, old data still retained historical record, and can used prove transactions data occurred certain time. they are theoretically accessible anyone the world, any time. blockchains are used when multiple entities need securely transfer value share data without the need trusting each other. blockchain technology first became popular with the creation bitcoin this known blockchain progress was made blockchain technology when ethereum was created ethereum turing-complete virtual machine. this means able run code solve any computable computational problem. code written into something called smart contract, which computer program stored the ethereum blockchain that has the ability accept, send and store value, whether the form data ether. implementation the etherace platform logic written contract-oriented language solidity, saved into smart contracts, and run the ethereum blockchain. this what makes the etherace platform transparent, decentralized and trustless. smart contracts will handle all transactions value our platform. users will indirectly interacting with our smart contracts which live the ethereum blockchain. there will several different contracts implement the different features will support. because are developing them open-source and smart contracts are immutable and autonomous, users our platform can satisfied that our platform acting impartial, another thing that makes our speculation and gambling platform unique. evolution finance, caused the blockchain underway, and value being represented new digital form; tokens, also known blockchain assets. with this shift, traditional financial institutions are longer the best option. now anyone has access the financial markets, intermediary's charging high fees required enter market. the new financial markets now will have traits decentralization, transparency, convenience, and low cost. etherace aims blockchain asset financial institution for speculation and gambling this new future. page prelude the cryptocurrency market dynamic, volatile and highly speculative. these qualities attract people who are like-minded, and proven that people this space are willing bet, either the odds their skill. primedice, bitcoin dice gambling site experiences roughly million dollars volume per day. bitmex, centralized cryptocurrency derivatives platform, experiences roughly billion dollars volume per day. the online gambling industry billion dollars and the world derivatives market quadrillion. mentioned the context section, the financial sector undergoing evolution made possible the blockchain. better traits for institutions are now possible. these huge markets are already shifting into the cryptocurrency sector but will only continue too. etherace platform built appeal both these sets people; gamblers and traders. our platform ideal for people who wish rely the odds and chance, but also ideal for people who don't want rely random result and desire use their skill affect what the outcome will be. provide open-source, trustless instrument for anyone and everyone who wishes use it. are targeting these two different sectors for our platform because believe will help build the strongest possible community. the two sectors that make the cryptocurrency sector are gambling and trading. our platform supports both sub-sectors individually, but take this point further, believe the members these sub-sectors overlap and intersect. this makes our platform extremely attractive most people the cryptocurrency sector. etherace's slogan "bet the odds, your skill, us". this defines the three main components that construct our platform. "bet the odds" refers our chance game suite, which made different chance games, where results are decided random number generator. this segment the platform lets users bet relaxed environment. "bet your skill" points what will refer our derivatives market. our market will support different features that will act functionally the same different derivative tools, such futures contracts options. this segment the platform for users who want use their trading insights and skill. "bet us" refers our aced (ace dividends) token where its main functionality offers quarterly dividends holders. profit generated from our platforms earnings, which come from the chance game suite and derivatives market forms 'house' profit and user service fees. there are few decentralized cryptocurrency gambling sites and decentralized derivative markets. there are almost centralized cryptocurrency derivative markets. yet derivatives are the largest financial market the world. one point that will become noticeable for this project the focus our derivatives market over our chance game suite. this because the derivatives market holds vast amounts more potential and complexity than the chance game suite. however, made part our platform complete the vision something anyone this sector can use. also still holds great potential, and believe can form the strongest possible community and spread the word raise the popularity the platform focus both sectors. it's also one the factors that differentiates from other possible projects. page platform identity the ether part etherace was chosen because our platform built top the ethereum network. this means ethereum very important part our platform. believe ether derived from ethereum, belongs our name. the ace part etherace represents few different ideas. the definition ace someone who excels particular sport other activity. the word ace equivalent with words such 'excellent', 'skillful', 'masterly' and 'champion'. the smaller idea the two main ones from our chance game suite, where our main theme playing cards. the ace thought the highest and most powerful card the entire deck. the bigger idea comes from our derivatives market. being ace our derivatives market represents the spot-on trader and market predictor, making profit off their trading and analytic skills. it's what users our platform will strive be, whether the chance game suite derivatives market. lastly, for the third section our platform, the aced token, our vision anyone part our community ace, because they will the true winners for betting the etherace platform. our logo represents two arrows, going and down. once again, there are combination different reasons. our mvp for the first chance suite game helps illustrate one them. players have the option try and flip card either over under the card they pick, however important note not all games will follow over/under pattern. for our derivatives market, the double arrows once again symbolize betting over under, because those are the two options users will have available them, similar going long short, and buying selling. the third main idea for the arrows symbolize users and the community can benefit from the etherace platform whether the market going down. either participating our chance game suite derivatives market, which supports hedging functionality and much more. being part the community and holding aced token, mainly because the lower fees, dividends and passive income offers. page chance game suite the goal our chance game suite give our users different options and fun new experiences. aim for all our games share the qualities being trustless, decentralized and provably-fair. most games that are made will follow the theme using playing-cards. this gives many different choices and allows creative when implementing new games. understand that players will want functionality they are comfortable and familiar with, therefore will design games way which provide this. the advantage using playingcards mentioned before are the many different options. there are the regular casino card games. there are also many card games that exist that have not yet been brought the cryptocurrency sector which want too. although etherace's first game requires bankroll, the focus the future will developing more peer-to-peer games. this because much less capital intensive and lightweight than player-to-platform game. this because there bankroll required, and platform profit generated from service fees. our first game not peer-to-peer because they require users play each other, and would more challenging attract users the gambling aspect our platform immediately without any prelude. also, our first game functionally similar existing favored cryptocurrency gambling game which will more inviting for users come try out. etherace's first gambling game, flip, lets players place bets using ether the result flipping card from standard -card shuffled playing deck. are the first implement this style game. our vision give players new user experience contrary the many dice sites yet keep the same underlying functionality that they enjoy. players can choose their own odds with features implemented our user interface well pick between different game settings. currently there are four different options. players can choose between 'over', 'under', 'bet black' 'bet red' (these are further described the user experience section). upon winning players are paid out instantly (or when the next block the ethereum blockchain processed). there are player deposits sign-ups, make the process for the user more convenient. every bet stored onto the blockchain, leading complete transparency and autonomous cycle, run our smart contracts that exist the ethereum blockchain. further development the chance game suite and flip are discussed future iterations. you can currently try out our first game flip here the ethereum kovan testnet our websites home page and click 'beta flip dapp'. page chance game suite high level example the flow control the first feature implemented our chance games (on kovan blockchain now!) page derivatives market derivatives market must have certain characteristics supported. sufficient price volatility, continuous price risk exposure, market participants with competing price goals, and quantifiable underlying basic commodity. etherace's speculation options will act functionally the same those derivatives market. sufficient price volatility and price risk exposure apply the majority cryptocurrencies that exist today. this sector has many market participants with competing price goals. the volumes the several existing trading exchanges help show this well many other signals. several cryptocurrencies are considered quantifiable basic commodity, majority them are traded exchanges quantifiable basic commodity. this means will have the ability create derivatives market our platform using cryptocurrencies the underlying assets that are being traded on. different features will built and incorporated provide this functionality and environment. currently there are decentralized derivatives markets for cryptocurrencies and aim the first. similar the idea multiple chance games, there will multiple speculation options. our first speculation feature discussed below more detail. some the different options will build each other, through developing iterations, some will remain separate. true market will emerge the platform early made features like our trading/liquidation engine, future and perpetual contracts, -to-n state channels and smaller features like stop-triggers etc. there will various features that users our platform can take advantage some the same features the derivatives market but some not the exact same. example our first contract, o/u. while the focus explaining why cryptocurrencies can used underlying assets our market will also supporting speculation traditional assets such gold oil. this traditional world market has already proven itself the worlds biggest financial market. the short-term, will focus crypto options, however the greater market potential lies within more common assets. the first feature our speculation market will enable users create contracts functionally similar futures contract where they can set their own price any assets tokens supported the etherace platform and choose between two options, over under, like going long short. creating contract lets the user choose the setting three components. how long the contract open other users join, how long the contention the price lasts, and the initial price. enabling users create their own contracts has many advantages. this can thought the same concept used derivatives market where users are either 'maker' 'taker'. makers, our case contract setters, supply liquidity the market application. our case reward they get the advantage setting the different factors the contract and deciding the strike price used, rather than conforming someone else's contract. there limited amount settings for contracts terms time prevent users from making contract slightly different from existing one, and encourage users engage with each other. advantage user-generated contracts giving the power the user, rather than the supplier. users can factor different events that are taking place the cryptocurrency space and can generate pools and bets whenever they wish to, rather than wait for the supplier to. this helps lead true decentralization because smart contract could not factor events know when users wish bet for what duration which coin, without intervention. truly gives users the power. all bets are page derivatives market placed using ether and are paid out ether. you win you bet the correct option (between over and under). the user wins ether from anyone who bets opposite them the same contract. profit decided our percentage algorithm which rewards users the amount they bet. situation where the price the exact same the strike price, there are three options. etherace could keep all the ether bet, refund all participants, wait random duration time and call the price again resolve it. this great example something etherace would like hear and take the communities opinion into consideration. there more that the aced token section. all the speculation options will take place peer-to-peer environment, like that exchange, however fully transparent, with governing body, less fees, and barriers entry. there withdrawal fee, and reason worry about security tokens because currently you aren't possessing any new ones while our platform. there are sign-ups, users can remain anonymous. nobody can change affect trade once closed and engraved into the blockchain which ensures fairness. all the transactions and logic are controlled our smart contracts there manipulation. mvp for o/u has been released onto the ethereum ropsten blockchain https://ou-contract.etherace.io high level example the flow control the first feature implemented our derivatives market (on ropsten blockchain now!) page derivatives market traditionally future contracts are one-to-one situations. o/u offers the chance for multiple users join the same contract with the price contention decided maker raise the odds and pot. however, there side-effect allowing this new functionality. traditional futures contract, the price contention period may set the platform, the contract only between two parties. this cancels the situation have where contract open join from time. the maker the contract knows this because they set the time, and strategically set the strike price factor this wait time in. there problem for the maker. however, for taker looking join time will feel disadvantage they enter now compared another taker because they get the advantage seeing the latest price action before taking position. this situation would lead less people joining the contract until the last minute. until the last minute, this contract does not look appealing join, because the potential profit much lower than should be. other traders may disregard the contract because this rather than assume people will joining the last moments. overall, this simple problem daisy-chains into bigger one. solve this, implement our fairentryengine which allows everyone chance make entry even terms. simple high-level description; traders will now able indicate they wish join the contract supplying the amount they wish speculate our smart contract promise. then the final minute before the contract closes traders can tell our smart contract which position they wish take. this allows traders properly see the interest the contract while allowing even entry terms. the promise made ensure there false claims made and accurate representation presented. this system would have worst-case scenario amount transactions rather than the original amount. pure on-chain solution this means two times more fees and wait times. this situation highlights the importance state channels our platform which are discussed future iterations below. when the trader makes the promise state channel opened, and the choice made the trader the final minute made off-chain the state channel, eliminating the potential fees and wait time. our smart contract checks that all transactions are valid and signed and the state updated include everybody's positions. for the near future our derivatives market the focus providing different functionality and tools that are useful for speculating cryptocurrencies. there bigger picture that must not forget about. the worlds derivatives market the biggest financial market quadrillion. the current cryptocurrency market billion. proven with volume numbers, there already huge market potential this sector, but our belief is: "the world's value becoming tokenized. the ethereum blockchain open, borderless financial system that represents wide variety assets cryptographic tokens. the future, most digital assets and goods will tokenized." protocol traditional financial markets won't able match the benefits decentralized, transparent and secure markets can, and the future, the worlds value becomes represented blockchainassets the world derivatives market will shift over well. during and when this change slowly occurs our market will ready take the monstrous volume. our platform will used speculate all types things, from cryptocurrencies traditional assets, welcoming traditional traders well cryptocurrency traders. page future iterations the etherace platform currently does and will have the first iterations the chance suite game and derivatives market working prototypes (flip and o/u). this section describe platform advancements implementation and high-level description further iterations our derivatives market and chance game suite. compete with traditional financial and gambling platforms terms user experience regarding latency and flow, the etherace platform will using hybrid combination between off- chain and on-chain settlement. mentioned the issues section design, the ethereum blockchain currently has low latency, slower, because the many transactions being done the main chain. the ethereum foundation works different official scaling techniques, for now will applying one known state channels. the cryptocurrency sector has rapidly advancing new technologies from many different projects, this why our current roadmap only extends (releasing further iterations september cannot accurately depict now which technology service may applying because don't know what will exist what extent. have overall ideas, but designs have not been made implement them. that being said, are not sitting back and waiting for the perfect solution. will implementing state channels both sectors our platform. state channel personal connection between transacting parties. currently, protocols have been made focused connecting two parties. important note there wide range implementations state channels. the channel allows the smart contract(s) make transactions off-chain, resulting real-time and cheaper transactions. infinite amount transactions possible made, and the channel can closed many ways. examples include after certain amount value has been transferred, certain amount transactions have occurred, period time has passed. smart contract ex. validator would used verify different attributes the attempted transactions, such as, does this party have enough value their wallet make this transaction. complete transaction both parties must sign verify correct. while both parties agree the transaction terms are correct, nothing needs done on-chain. however, say one party attempts leave the channel early cheat the other party some form, the cheated party can dispute the transaction updating the state the blockchain via the latest transactions through calling function. different smart contract, inspector would called settle whether the signature the latest transactions valid not, automatically solving the dispute. the proper transaction then made, and the cheating party, any, punished. these last steps, taken inspector occur on-chain, however before that, transactions were signed and recorded off-chain. state channels allow real-time transactions between two parties, while still enforcing honest behaviour through the blockchain. state channels can implemented for any section our platform with functionality between two parties. example, for our flip chance game; will implementing contract, creator, that will form state channels between the player and the flip contract. will allow the player pick how many cards they wish flip (transactions made) ether bet. this the maximum time this state channel will open between the player and the flip contract. possible for the player close the state channel early verifying the latest state correct and having the flip contract agree. once the state channel closed the updated state will uploaded the ethereum blockchain and verified. all random generation numbers will done off-chain, similar the transactions, and uploaded once the state channel closed transaction disputed. this implementation will allow the user experience greatly improved allowing fluid gameplay and lower fees yet still ensuring total transparency and honest behaviour. page future iterations not practical even possible have high-volume liquid market the actions opening and closing positions take few minutes each propagate onto the market order book. this problem with existing decentralized exchanges which have pure on-chain order book. the different solutions can implement mechanics are explained below. this approach based and quite similar the idex solution. order start speculating and taking positions, the user must send some ether our fundsmanager smart contract which sets their balance and funds our market. take position, the user will create order buying (long) selling (short) number arbitrary contracts within the limits their balance. scenario where dave the maker and alexa the taker, and both have credit our market because they sent funds the fundsmanager. dave selling contracts certain price and alexa buying them the same price. dave first instantiates the transaction for the order selling contracts and signs it. the etheraceengine (eae) verifies that dave has contracts sell. the selling order added the orderbook. alexa creates transaction for matching order, and signs it. the eae verifies alexa has enough funds buy the contracts. the eae matches the orders, updates both their balances, updates the orderbook and the signed transaction between dave and alexa asynchronously deployed the blockchain once orders that dependent (order sequence that led it). the fundsmanager aware that outstanding transaction exists for both users dave and alexa. the market has the new unconfirmed states both users, and they can continue open/close positions based off the latest state. the background, the transaction mined and confirmed the blockchain and event emitted the fundsmanager confirming the order. something remember users not hold their funds, the fundsmanager smart contract does, and users cannot withdraw until all transactions they made have been confirmed the blockchain. the above approach encroaches the idea this next approach. that approach still need verify each transaction the blockchain, but the on-chain transaction verification performed asynchronous fashion rather than synchronous while using the new updated state that the users not need wait for the on-chain transaction mined continue speculating. recall before how existing solutions are focused creating state channels between two parties. could implement multi-party state channel. all users could join single state channel and interact with each other inside this one state channel. users would send some ether fundsmanager join the state channel. fundsmanager would have struct participant, containing user details, and dynamic array participant, which holds all the current participants the market. the advantage having all transactions conducted one state channel you wouldn't need verify each transaction still you did the last approach, because shared channel, the transaction history known. therefore, the eae will only settle transaction on-chain user disputes transaction. user wishes leave the state channel (with their funds) they set exit flag. the eae performs check see they are currently involved with any unsigned transactions (either the leaving party other party involved the transaction) and they are requests the impassive party either dispute the transaction sign it. the impassive party not able continue trading withdraw funds etc. until they have answered the eae. the impassive party continues unresponsive the eae cancels the requested transaction between the two parties. the leaving users record spotless they are allowed withdraw from fundsmanager and removed from the state channel and participants array. this very high-level explanation this approach and there are many other details running below the surface ensure security and fairness the market. page future iterations either one hybrid these state channel variations how our derivatives market will support fluid and liquid orderbook that traditional market has while still enforcing the security and honesty the blockchain provides. building the derivatives market structure either these ways offer the many benefits mentioned above but will still relevant and can build top ethereum scaling solutions such sharding when they are implemented which will further improve our markets speed. the multi-party state channel would also apply the chance game suite's peer-to-peer products. there are some promising projects building frameworks and protocols for multi-party state channels that etherace can utilize the future. more research and development will done before officially committing route. features that are sought after platforms our genre include leverage, margin-trading and perpetual contracts, functionality the etherace derivatives market requires attract the substantial user base and volume strive for. perpetual contracts are similar future contracts but with deadline. will offer wide range leveraging options, from isolated cross, cross margin indicates the user using their entire account balance margin, isolated uses just your initial margin. recall that participate the market the user must send ether the fundsmanager. user can then open positions buying selling our (normal not smart) contracts which represent value denominated usd contract usd). when opening position, they can choose use leverage. leverage used amplify profit borrow money attempt amplify profit with value you don't have. however, the same time you run the risk being liquidated which when you position don't hold enough margin for your position sustained. traditional markets the user has the potential unlimited loss unlimited profit. are modeling our market after the innovative bitmex limited risk system, which has proven this system successful. this system where users can still have unlimited profit but have limited loss. traditional market when the users position danger being liquidated they are called supplement their margin support it. they can have unlimited loss the price continues zero (in long situation). this system, the user will only lose their initial margin (or account margin depending the leverage used), even the price continues against them. don't force the user supplement their margin. here quick explanation how works. event-handler created when the user signs the position and channel opened the liquidatorengine smart contract. the liquidation price position takes factors balance, position size, and leverage used. the liquidatorengine called the event-handler which triggered the index price crosses the wrong side the liquidation price. for shorts, this the index price higher than the liquidation price, and the opposite for longs. the event-handler passes the user and position information the liquidationengine which runs through series steps and checks, each with break option evaluated true. the liquidationengine reaches the final step the position closed the market, and the initial margin/account margin now part the etherace coverage fund which discussed below. the liquidationengine also notifies the fundsmanager the updated user balance. which this case with cross margin zero. since use smart contracts and pure code logic that releases series log events easily check history and run our market, the user feels cheated wishes see the proof they can call the validator contract and the transactions along with the logged events will available the blockchain for transparency. this the nature building system top the blockchain and creating trustless environment. page future iterations other simpler functionality such stop-triggers are implemented before the official deployment marketing strategies complete the existing derivatives market. three factors important protect and ensure our market can function the way envision are market making, the coverage fund and the bankruptcy price. this system modeled after the bitmex implementation. market making provides liquidity the market other users can complete positions. they supply the orderbook. will using automated market maker design, while possible make profit market making, the main purpose ours will serve providing fluidness the orderbook. the more illiquid market (the difference between selling and buying price large) the more important the market maker is. example how our market maker will work: the lowest order that eth contracts are being sold and the highest buy order per contract. our market maker will reduce the gap setting buy order and sell order $.. note that our market maker may make profit. the profit will considered the design and can used close the orderbook further. the balance the maker will never below its initial balance and only requires one-time capital start-up. liquid market, natural market makers will sufficient sustain the market. our market maker most important for the start-up our derivatives market. market makers get rewarded our market being paid any position they successfully make. takers, the opposite market makers get charged fee for any position they successfully take. this means market makers are able make profit our derivatives market making opening position certain price and making closing position the same price better. the eae will treat our market maker regular user. the etherace coverage fund formed from the profit loss liquidating user positions. position liquidation able swallowed the market, the profit goes the etherace coverage fund. position being liquidated unable handled the market the etherace coverage fund positive, funds will used liquidate the position the market. the balance not positive, use system similar the bitmex auto-deleverage system. the liquidatorengine force closes positions opposite the liquidating position order finish liquidating the order. this fail-safe protect the etherace market and will ensure will never take loss. the algorithm used the liquidatorengine close positions for autodeleverage sorted most profit, then most used leverage. the bankruptcy price the price which the users initial margin can sustain their position to. users utilize leverage, their maintenance margin requirement, the thing that sets their liquidation price, rises. this means their liquidation price also rises. there gap between the liquidation price and the bankruptcy price protect the market. the liquidation price when the liquidatorengine triggered position, the bankruptcy price the deadline for the liquidatorengine close the position question at. unable close the position before the underlying price reaches the bankruptcy price the system described above the coverage fund and auto-deleveraging take effect. these are some the important dynamics that will make our derivatives market successful. the market dynamics are modeled after bitmex, successful centralized derivatives platform. the blockchain used effectively with state channels allow the efficiency off-chain orderbook while still maintaining the transparency on-chain transactions. our market extremely convenient use, anybody can access because decentralized across the blockchain. there are market requirements that traditional markets impose users who are then forced use intermediaries that charge high fees. it's much cheaper run our market, therefore start-up costs are also cheaper, benefit using the blockchain. users our platform have further incentive then just using the different market instruments. something realize this point we've designed aced tokens market instrument which part what "bet us" refers too, not just the platform. hope you see the potential and vision that see. page uses and potential casual gambling our chance games give users the option being able relax and casually bet competitively high odds winning, retrospect the more intense speculation options, which require user's skill, attention, strategy and analysis. online gambling market billion. more than billion dollars has been wagered cryptocurrencies gambling sites. betting volume grows linearly popularity cryptocurrencies increase. many these sites are bitcoin casinos. this directly relates bitcoin being the most popular cryptocurrency. ethereum increases popularity, will the users, and etherace will poised take advantage. dice gambling websites such safedice and etheroll attract millions dollars volume weekly, with single game. plan start implementing similar styled game with twist, offering great through state channels. additional games will developed further increase the volume our platform, attract users and grow the community. choosing the theme cards for our games gives many options and flexibility. also gives our users new experience from the traditional dice games while keeping the functionality they enjoy. derivatives our speculation options offer functionality similar that futures hedging options. the world derivatives market quadrillion. bitmex, centralized cryptocurrency derivatives platform experiences over four billion usd volume -hour period. this helps show the potential the etherace platform can unlock with its own derivatives market. bitmex popular because has high volume (liquid), offers leverage, it's open hours, and its limited risk system (discussed future iterations). plan offer this functionality our platform, well others help attract the volume and users. traders can use our market variety situations. example would hedge against price drops for coins tokens they hold. will cheaper for traders use our market hedge rather than transfer exchange and sell their tokens and withdraw etc. especially they long-run believe the token but short-term want protect against potential loss. another example would place bets future prices different tokens the platform, short- term long-term situations, make profit. why can't they just actually buy sell the coins tokens they believe may rise fall price? part the answer was hinted above and simple: why are derivatives the largest financial market the world? derivatives are used mitigate risks your portfolio, they're another financial instrument that traders can use make profit, protect themselves from loss, similar buying and selling tokens exchange. etherace currently has simple fee place bets o/u (future iterations will remain competitive with exchanges trading fees, closer per trade true market). compared exchanges fees which are high comparison, with transferring, trading and withdrawal fees. users etherace also will not need worry about transaction costs the security the tokens they are betting because they won't buying any ownership into them. using etherace much cheaper, faster and more convenient. also decentralized, trustless and users can given back value they spend our platform and benefit from all other volume. page page user experience the first features that have and will implemented our platform were chosen because they show the creativity and help clearly illustrate the main ideas behind each the different sections (chance game suite and derivatives market). flip our mvp for our first chance game, flip, designed intuitive and simple. the top the page provides links other areas our site well dropdown "how play" guide and "order cards" which shows the hierarchy the cards are perceived in. users can click "demonstration" watch youtube video how play. the left side our app where the user can specify which game setting they want play and how much bet. the user can choose manually enters the amount ether they would like bet, they can take advantage our convenient shortcut buttons. the user can easily double their bet ("x"), divide half ("/") use the "min" button which sets the amount the minimum bet (currently ether). underneath these are the styles playing the game. users can choose between "over" where the goal flip card over their chosen card. "under" where they want flip card under their chosen card. "bet black" where the wants flip any black card the deck and "bet red" where the user wants flip any red card the deck. the middle the app where the user flips the card. upon flipping metamask window will prompt the user confirm the transaction. after confirmation, loader will visually show the user the transactions are being processed, the smart contract, oraclize, and the random data source. lastly, the result returned the user ("you win" "you lose") along with the flipped card. the right side the game used for showing card selection, potential profit and adjustment odds. the profit section dependent the amount bet, which game mode currently set, and the users card selection. the reward increases the lower the user's odds are and smaller the higher they are. the slider used for the card selection, can incremented decremented one with the arrows either side. community suggestions are always welcome, and would love feedback any changes that should made features added enhance the user experience. one feature currently not our mvp but will doing chat-box. the chat-box important note because helps players socialize, more relaxed, and form community they play. our query random.org partially encrypted hide our api key. note this does not change the actual query anyway users can sure the code honesty. page page user experience over/under the mvp our first derivatives market contract over/under (o/u) now out the ethereum ropsten blockchain. the left part the screen users have control panel that will able create contracts that behave functionally like future contracts. users will have the option create contract for any supported tokens assets. the token the contract created for depends which tab the user currently in. the right this the time duration options, for both the time the user will allow other users join, and the duration the futures contract. these options will held drop-down menus, the user will only able select one from each section. next the user sets strike price and chooses either bet over under and then creates the contract clicking 'create contract'. contracts with duplicate settings already existing contracts will not created, and the user can either join the already existing contract alter their contract settings. the bottom the control panel are live price stats about whichever token the user currently viewing. initially implemented not allowing the user set the strike price directly, but creating contract certain time where our smart contract than sends call oraclize set the strike price. have changed this because letting the user set whatever price they believe supports true speculation. also, the current wait times the ethereum blockchain could alter what the user intended the price and the cost our platform less place half the amount calls oraclize. the main section the user interface used show the existing contracts. contracts for different token types will separated tabbed carousel. for each contract, information such the contract total amount bet, start price, and time duration settings will displayed. the contract open, users can select the contract they wish join, then the bottom part the control panel enter the amount bet, what option they choose and 'join'. with flip, our first chance game, will implementing chat-box because helps traders socialize, more relaxed, and form community they play. because o/u peer-to-peer, the chat-box even more important. traders can set-up contracts and agree prices that they are willing bet with each other. other features implemented would our fairentryengine, supporting more tokens, and removing time constraints for creating contracts allow users speculate any period they wish. the smart contract has been designed modular, robust and easily scalable. use hash map with unique ids store and quickly access live contracts and their traders. string concatenation used the oraclize query for the price check make the code cleaner, less gas expansive and o/u easily scalable more tokens. log the string used for the oraclize query onto the blockchain, users can still sure the code honesty. further development, legitimate futures contract that follows the same design traditional futures contract will made available. that separate product from o/u. page page design the etherace platform exists top the ethereum platform. the platforms logic coded using solidity smart contracts which will and live the ethereum blockchain. the ethereum environment was chosen for our platform because the turing-complete ethereum virtual machine (evm). this what allows our platform created with smart contracts and gives the characteristics decentralized application (dapp). there more explanation the evm our context section. issues scalability the main impediment facing blockchains, and the ethereum blockchain thus far not exception. reducing latency and block times will important for our platform. slow block times would make the user experience worse, for our chance games derivatives market. this currently the trade-off for creating fully decentralized, trustless and open platform the blockchain however there are different solutions. the ethereum foundation working many solutions such sharding and plasma, and substantial progress being made. for the period time where scaling stays issue options such using state channels discussed future iterations will implemented the etherace team help improve platform efficiency and transaction time. front end the etherace platform's different graphical user interfaces (gui'(s)) are built with several different technologies. included thus far but not limited would web.js, interact with the blockchain. express.js, server-side framework. node.js libraries, for both client-side and server-side code. naturally html, css the basic structure all gui's. finally, bootstrap ensure the platform responsively designed. the gui's will easily navigable for any level user, blend consistency, intuitiveness, clarity and attractiveness. proximity the different layouts elements each other, and engaging colors and effects all lead the creation quality user interfaces. the gui's will and are built for web, and use web providers such metamask, browser extension google chrome and firefox, collaborate with the ethereum blockchain and etherace smart contracts. page page design back end the etherace's platform built top the ethereum network and uses the ethereum blockchain it's backbone. all back-end logic contained smart contracts, written contract-oriented language (col) solidity. use the openzeppelin library help write secure contracts and practice safe patterns. use the truffle framework our developing environment and the truffle.js libraries truffle-contract and truffle-artifactors help build and deploy our smart contracts. state channels are used create fluid and reduce transaction costs. oraclize, provably-honest oracle service used retrieve certain data from the real world, such token prices, random numbers. the etherace platform logic exists smart contracts. smart contracts are unable fetch data their own because they live the blockchain which closed, trusted environment. therefore, retrieve the data required for our platform, are currently using oraclize. c++ also used with solidity help run the etherace order-matching engine. avoiding manipulation the chance game suite results rely randomly generated numbers. are currently using random.org who offer true random numbers derived from atmospheric noise, not pseudorandom which are derived algorithm. there are different options possibly use, and the future different tools may better suited use and can change our source. the derivatives market could subject manipulation, use oraclize retrieve prices coins tokens which determines who wins the bet. combat this, will only listing coins tokens which have sufficient amount daily volume. were list coins tokens with low volume, certain parties could have the ability manipulate the price for gain the etherace platform. another precaution will taking pulling prices from multiple different sources when checking the price the end pool bets fixed period. will then aggregate all the different prices find average price. thus, avoid having single point failure system implemented. for our over/under mvp are currently only using one data source, but that will changed the future. future iterations the derivatives market, when implement underlying live index price which used trigger liquidations, will following the same security pattern and composing multiple different exchanges. this worth noting because have currently planned use last price index. last price index based the last prices the market has seen, our situation, several different exchanges aggregated together. were use last price index and simply use one exchange, the possibility manipulation would extremely high, because anyone could change our index price simply placing market order that exchange. page roadmap *an updated roadmap with iterations past will released september page marketing official marketing the etherace platform will not begin until per our roadmap. this because the initial goal focus developing highly-approved and useful features. there are two parts reaching this goal: the first follow the high-level development plan the team has put together reach certain vision the platform. the second comes from the community feedback ideas features are iteratively developed and tried. have vision how this platform will work, and believe the community will able help correct misjudgments the plan. this could apply features develop features haven't initially planned develop but are seen have beneficial value. the platform will have fluid market offering futures contract and perpetual contract and peer-to-peer and low-house edge game. all implemented features will functioning high performance, fine-tuned professional level. the platform will available different languages and mobile devices. this not the end-goal the platform, and the development will continue, however the platform has reached level where it's ready mass-marketed and properly utilized. the platform will have been used this point, and possibly volume has grown massively before official marketing has begun, through the community likewise. this case, some marketing funds may directed towards forming new partnerships and extra development unplanned functionality, the remaining marketing will used truly dominate this sector. however, more likely the platform users and volume has not grown the point envision, keep mind the daily volume numbers bitmex and safedice, and how would hard reach these without effective marketing campaign and well-oiled platform market. marketing strategies have not been made final, will handled formal marketing team, and won't released this stage. for the chance game suite, marketing more get the word out, users can come and experience them. for the derivatives market, marketing also get the word out, users experience it, but also supply liquidity and volume. volume increases the derivatives market, does liquidity, and the users. specific, this form marketing would similar exchange who's trying attract users, liquidity and volume. however, our task much simpler because offer differentiated product with much less competition. some forms marketing used could include affiliate links, promotional codes, discounted fees standard advertising. the etherace platform will open partnerships, however will not begin publicly pursuing them until september after the mainnet release our first features. there are projects that would beneficial form official relationship with, work incorporating using their services with our platform and conversely, for marketing purposes. page aced token and crowdsale aced erc- standard token. aced tokens will minted the time the crowdsale and then will never minted again. this will restrict the max total supply aced token ,,. holders the aced token will receive quarterly dividends (hence ace dividends) proportionate the amount held that are formed from the profit the etherace platform generates from the different sections its platform. this combination the 'house' edge and user service fees. the first features currently have edge and user service fee. while the dividends are being issued holders, aced tokens will locked and non-transferrable. this follows the same security pattern employed other dividendpaying projects such ethorse and etheroll. holders will also able vote. community thoughts and ideas are always welcome, but the voting aspect the aced token represents how the community feels official way. example something the community could decide was mentioned above section about our o/u feature, recap: situation where the price the exact same the initial price, there are three options. etherace could keep all the ether bet, could refund all participants, could wait random duration time and call the price again resolve it. other high-level voting examples would service fees, new improved features, platform and marketing strategy. the team has different ideas overall platform strategy however instead deciding completely ourselves, are open hear what the community thinks and work off that. once the marketing strategies have been deployed, expect the volume exponentially increase the platform. the community will have more options after this, such dividend periods could made monthly. after the features implemented make the core platform have been fine-tuned the etherace team will start developing features unlocked first being aced holder, then secondly amount held. example would using aced tokens deposit into fundsmanager cut fees off your service fees. strategically chose this route (having token) because believe will give our platform the competitive edge the community's platform where users can make use the first-rate functionality but also benefit from the volume exposed to. have plans implement incentivize buying, holding using our token. this modeled off the successful strategy employed kucoin and binance, both relatively new but top-quality exchanges. page sale details pre-ico ico dates pre-ico start date july gmt pre-ico end date july gmt soft cap ico start date days after the end the pre-ico ethereum addresses registered the whitelist will have access the early preico sale before the public well the exclusive bonus. join our whitelist, our website and click the "register for whitelist" button the home page click here. aced token and crowdsale/pre-ico information type erc- token symbol aced fixed total supply aced max tokens crowdsale aced crowdsale hard cap eth (,, usd) crowdsale soft cap eth usd) pre-ico address will our website july th, pre-ico hard cap aced pre-ico soft cap eth usd) the value eth may fluctuate before the crowdsale therefore eth values for hard/soft cap's may change match. the pre-ico address will made available our website july th, gmt the home page. there minimum maximum contribution per person. the pre-ico ends either when the hard cap reached, july the soft cap reached. the pre-ico will continue until the soft cap reached usd). the overall hard cap eth (,, usd) including pre-ico and ico funds. page sale details aced token rate: pre-ico phase bonus eth aced usd) aced token rate: ico phase week bonus) eth aced(. usd) phase week bonus) eth aced usd) phase week bonus) eth aced usd) phase week bonus) eth aced usd) phase week bonus) eth aced usd) mentioned above, the value eth may fluctuate before the crowdsale therefore eth aced rates may change match. ensure fair pricing once listed exchanges, bonus tokens will made transferable days after base tokens are unlocked. all tokens are sold and the hard cap reached pre-sale, bonus tokens are unlocked with the base tokens. aced tokens will appear the wallet within week from the crowdsale contribution. token distribution crowdsale aced (%) *etherace team aced (%) bounties aced (%) *the teams tokens will time-locked with smart contract, every six months the total team tokens will released. (released over years). the case unsold tokens, team tokens will burnt maintain ratio total supply. page sale details crowdsale funds allocation development marketing bankroll/liquidity exchanges pre-ico soft cap allocation usd) development marketing initial amount will set aside for exchange listings however further funds may derived from the marketing division exchange listings are form marketing strategy. this time one our marketing strategies indirectly provides liquidity the platform, therefore that also could derived from the marketing division. liquidity refers the start-up capital our market required the market-maker. non-obvious sub-sections development include business operations and the business reserve funds. the etherace team currently small three members and will use the crowdsale funds assemble top-quality team who shares the same vision and have the same drive for the etherace platform. thus far all work has been done in-house, and will continued done in-house, just with much larger team help implement the roadmap that has been laid out. this gives the advantage coding and designing our own system architecture can quickly hot-swap new features changes, and not rely third-party for us. page the team the etherace team currently comprised three members who have immersed themselves into ethereum and the blockchain since hearing have experience developing blockchain applications and careers financial market enterprise-level application software. for the time being, the team wishes remain anonymous for the benefit the etherace project. parts the etherace platform can classified unregulated online gambling and speculation which considered illegal some countries and the nature decentralization and the internet ignore borders and regulation. while that the power decentralization the team does not wish the centralized owners what can considered illegal business. remaining anonymous will help the etherace platform truly decentralized and protect from ever being stopped taken down the future. unfortunately, our past experience applicable sectors cannot used merit this situation aim earn trust through the work done thus far and the future. the team will responsible for developing the platform logic with smart contracts solidity, and creating responsive and aesthetic user interfaces html, css, bootstrap and javascript. the etheraceengine (order-matching engine) written c++ and solidity. will also responsible for managing the business, forming partnerships, creating marketing strategy, graphic design, and social media management. the team focused bringing multi-tiered decentralized betting and derivatives platform the cryptocurrency sector. the team has high respect for anonymously run successful projects such ethorse and etheroll and have chosen follow the same path. thus far have two mvp. our first chance game out the ethereum kovan testnet blockchain and our first derivatives contract over/under out the ethereum ropsten testnet blockchain. have far more work done then many other projects that exist today and have shown the project and platform achievable our team. ask the community believe our work and products created now and, the future, order establish are capable developing and managing this project with extreme amount potential. our github account, etherace currently has commits, and grows every day continue develop this platform. please reach out the designated communication channels reddit, twitter, medium telegram and share with your thoughts and feedback. will always consider and welcome community members suggestions how improve the etherace platform. page disclaimer the cryptocurrency sector there are risks theft, hacking, lack adoption and technical issues that could result people losing their funds. participants the crowdsale should not view the etherace platform guaranteed return. buying aced tokens should not considered investment that guaranteed increase value. the etherace team may unable finish developing the platform described the contents this document, website, and other articles the value ether severely declines because the crowdsale performed collecting ether and the project funded ether the ethereum environment and blockchain ceases exist because etherace built top and leverages the functionality it. aced tokens not give any controller ownership, equity, direction, decision-making the etherace platform whole. you should not participate the crowdsale you subside jurisdiction which prohibits participation token sale the purchase tokens. this includes any company, trust, corporation singular entity. such residents, nationals and citizens the republic singapore people's republic china, any other jurisdiction which not permissible participate token crowd contributions. crowdsale participants and platform users should follow the rules their region living such their involvement the cryptocurrency sector and online gambling laws. page mentions thanks the etherace team would like thank satoshi nakamoto, vitalik buterin and the ethereum foundation, and the cryptocurrency community for making this project possible. thanks our mentors and advisors you provide irreplaceable advice and continue too, you know who you are. we'd also like thank any potential investors for their interest this project. references https://www.ethereum.org/ https://bitcoin.org/en/ https://github.com/ethereum/wiki/wiki/sharding-faq https://bitcoin.org/bitcoin.pdf https://etheroll.com/ https://ethorse.com/ http://truffleframework.com/ https://www.investopedia.com/terms/d/derivative.asp https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/global--bn-online-gambling-market-to--bytype-device-region-.html https://blog.zeppelin.solutions/zeppelin-a-new-standard-for-secure-blockchain-applicationsfba https://blockgeeks.com/guides/ethereum-token/ https://www.bitmex.com/ https://safedice.com https://coinmarketcap.com/exchanges/volume/-hour/ https://coinmarketcap.com/exchanges/bitmex/ http://ethdocs.org/en/latest/network/test-networks.html https://xproject.com/ https://blog.stephantual.com/what-are-state-channels-afaccab https://idex.market/ page