introduction brief note about acre coin and what our team seeks with this revolutionary project. market overview general market observation and occurrence that acre coin intents disrupt. practical cryptocurrency acre coin's adoption mass market and ways achieving market outreach, roadmap coin specs our strategy how market acre coin our realistic roadmap and the unique incentives for hodler acre coin joint proof stake and masternode consensus that designs provide disruptive decentralized property-related ecosystem with view shift the paradigm property rental industry. acre coin embraces the blockchain revolution and aims develop and operates real estate portals and delivering the most comprehensive set related real estate services including airbnb concept-like our core project followed advertisement, marketing and legal services our website getaway. know that property dealings involve meeting face, payments for the aforesaid services will the form acre coin via scanning codes the mobile wallets. acre coin seeks fill the hotbed blockchain-based property rental transactions. setting periodical realistic targets, acre coin backed its experienced team related-field will open new getaway serves medium exchange for consumers, home-owners, property agents, developers, lawyers and other relevant parties. our unique website-crypto platform shall offers property rental listings, geopolitical updates and property related information that will disrupt legacy property rental website such airbnb. acre coin derived from pivx platform and will adopt its best standard solutions. airbnb and acre coin scalability since the company's founding there have been over million total guest arrivals airbnb listings around the world. they chose their rooms and paid for everything online. but their beds were provided private individuals, rather than hotel chain.. the most prominent example huge new "sharing economy", which people rent beds, cars, boats and other assets directly from each other, co-ordinated via the internet acre coin wants carve out market for crypto enthusiasts with lowfee for the society who has bear with the ever changing terms and conditions airbnb targeted and effective marketing strategy will employed our team provide awareness alternative airbnb acre coin plans create platform with similar experience airbnb where besides payment rental with its own acre coin. host sets price. users book, paying for rooms with acre coin. then, when guests leave and indicate they are happy with the experience, the acre coins are released the host. further, with acre coin mobile wallet hands, any the transacting parties can seamlessly pay for rent and skip conventional banking institution. acre's fee service fee the host service fee the guest custom api will created allow conventional property platforms create property postings and connect our platforms. co-existence and win-win situation key adopting the layouts the most user-friendly and comprehensive websites the internet, our specialized web and mobile developer will design property rental hub that provides visibility the subject matter (property and price) from all over the world and the equally important dispute resolution and helpline. acre's property website website for hosts list their property for rent and users search for the most suitable accommodation that suits their needs hosts list their consumers can write unbiased review about property for rent via their experience during the stay. once acre our website coin released the host, consumer will able drop review. this ensures that each review recorded not bogus and independently verified. photos the property will prominently displayed our website for convenience users. hosts and consumers can verify the transaction via our explorer and prevent fraud which prevalent conventional fiat-banking transactions. acre team aware the needs project this brand wider global audience and helping the public understand the benefits and sustainability this ecosystem. ensure that the public can truly relate the brand and feel connected with acre coin, aim market this acre coin vide several ways official discord server sponsored twitter ads via bounty ann. sponsored masternode online ads youtube videos official twitter awareness posts. bounties official telegram channel medium steemit official subreddit printed ads prominent place such highway, buildings, cars acre coin mounted "crossplanks protocol" which achieves crosschain communication via "planks" protocol that enables communication between the participating network and connecting network. consensus across planks achieved "validators" whose behavior managed various algorithms and incentive mechanism. the plank's validators are managed people with stake the connecting network. two more planks validators within acre approve nte transaction, the contract will processed. the planks' validators are managed people with stake masternode the connecting network. two more planks ato rove interchain transaction, the contract will processed. acre coin anchors itself fair-rewards for each and all layers the users syste adopters the future stakeholders. each milestones achieved acre stakeholders acre will rewarded accordingly. acre early adopter acre hodler acre masternode holder those who purchased acre coin pre sales will entitled bonus extra the collateral. stakeholder acre who holds the acre coin for period two months more will rewarded bonus coins their holdings. due masternode holder crucial responsibility secure the network, the block reward will masternode holders. eg.: the block reward acre coins, will rewarded the masternode holder. the current structure acre coin, the max supply will reached within years. there are more masternodes generated daily, more the static coin supply will locked. with these variables, hyperinflation becomes non-issue and the coin will retain value greatly. acre coin will reward early coin holders per year. algo total supply: quark premine: requirement: block time: block size: seconds transaction/s) masternodes pos premine instamine block reward launch acre's mobile wallet. introduction various joint-venture launch acre's website and pre- partnerships with conventional implementation acre property platforms. coin payment system legacy property sales. week week week listing cryptobridge and mno week week week platform. week week bonus payouts for acre holder and account taking for bonus. launch acre's property website. listing other exchanges such cryptopia, coinexchange. jason desmond the founder acre coin who has vast experience the real estate agent with estate agency license workings and intrinsic property markets particular awarded the board valuers, appraisers and south east asia. former member council for estate estate agents malaysia (lppeh) and himself the agencies singapore who sees the potential owner the one the biggest real estate firm who combining the emerging technology blockchain with has recruited real estate negotiators engage simplistic property getaway cater one the most sale and rental upmarket properties malaysia. populous region the world. desi jeffrey our blockchain developer who will responsible for ays designing, implementing and supporting established background real estate transactions and distributed with extra layer anonymity blockchain- land law, regularly advise land matters, housing based network around our business model. will and property developments, government compulsory also responsible designing our web-wallets, acquisitions and joint development for housing and mobile wallets integrating our property getaway. commercial properties.