abstract the adex team building the next generation online exchange that based blockchain technology. our goal provide more efficient, intuitive and transparent advertising platform. our aim disrupt the existing online advertising landscape and address the significant problems faces such advertising fraud, privacy and consent receiving sponsored messages, and the rise blockers. with digital surpassing all other advertising mediums and accounting for close global marketing and spend see the need innovation this area. believe can empower advertisers and publishers with platform that secure, transparent and beneficial for all the parties involved the process including consumers who have been left out existing advertising networks. our expertise the fields software development, blockchain cryptography, video streaming and online advertising give the confidence creating exchange that will superior all existing solutions used around the world. table contents abstract introduction team business case problem lack consumer consent problem privacy concerns and data misuse problem lack bidding transparency problem fraud problem central regulation problem unclear and/or misleading reporting problem blockers blindness problem payment methods limitations problem lack focus summary competitive landscape traditional networks decentralized solutions adex adoption token technology overview the architecture the adex core adex core versioning scheme level two ports sdk the publisher portal the advertiser portal the adex profile reporting storage exchange mechanism scalability user verification full process walk-through adxtoken (adxt) adex fund roadmap stage research: completed stage token crowdsale stage adoption and improvement stage prototype stage adex wings dao crowdsale budget allocation adx token allocation bounty program adoption adex monetization extended use cases references introduction adex decentralized exchange built ethereum blockchain and smart contracts. the adex platform designed disrupt and replace the traditional digital advertising models providing transparent, focused solution for advertisers collaborate with publishers and reach the best potential clients. the core feature adex will the so-called dex user profile personalized page that allows every end user understand and control the ads delivered them. giving more control the user highly beneficial for advertisers since users voluntarily provide more information about their preferences and consumer behavior, about their shopping habits and purchase preferences. this means that with the help the user's adex profile advertisers achieve surgical precision for targeting and ensure high return spending (roas). the adex profile will automatically generated for each user. users will still shown ads even they not tweak their profile and preferences. the technology adex leverages blockchain and smart contracts, thus eliminating the complexity and confusion existing serving networks. the network regulated the users and the users only, taking care the most common issue advertisers today are facing: lack transparency and incorrect/unclear reporting advertising campaign results. team adex being developed team that has worked together stremio, video entertainment hub that grew from million installs just under years. lead ivo georgiev and dimo stoyanov, the team brings extensive experience the areas software development, cryptography and blockchain, video streaming, well marketing and online advertising the table. these combined knowledge, experience and the professional backgrounds the founders are essential ingredients for the success adex. ivo georgiev co-founder ceo ivo has extensive experience software engineer with particular interest the video-on-demand industry. since has been heading stremio, video entertainment startup. well-versed cryptography and crypto currencies. shteryana shopova security expert/developer shteryana well-seasoned software engineer and software architect. throughout her career, she gained noteworthy experience cybersecurity. for the past years, shteryana has been contributing the freebsd project committer. alessya ivanova designer allesya creative graphic designer who has been contributing the stremio project where she responsible for and ux. she holds educational degrees graphic and product design and has more than years experience behind her back. dimo stoyanov co-founder coo dimo comes from background and design, and front-end development. together with ivo georgiev, runs the vod entertainment hub stremio. dimo experienced project management, product design, and brand strategy. alexandru branza developer alexandru software web developer with more then years experience specializing in: video players, pp, blockchains and web services. strong believer and contributor open source communities. jihan strategy advisor jihan one the founders bitmain technologies, one the most recognized and valuable bitcoin mining hardware provider. supporter bitcoin unlimited, solution solve bitcoin's scalability issue. vanina ivanova tech vanina has more than years experience advertising, and online marketing, well tech. she has ran and managed huge digital marketing projects the fintech industry, and has been part the team major cloud storage provider. ivo paunov developer ivo software developer with experience the following fields: mobile and web development, and javascript. part the stremio team and helps develop the company's video entertainment hub. stas oskin tech advisor stas has over years experience engineering, development and management software, cloud, healthcare, cryptocurrency, social products and services. entrepreneur, crypto-enthusiast and life hacker. sebastian stupurac strategy advisor sebastian entrepreneur, visionary and husband. he's big believer crypto and blockchain technology, which has been involved since sebastian has vast experience information systems and product management. lior zysman legal advisor lior corporate lawyer advising startups and investors crowdfunding and cryptocurrencies, and working decentralized autonomous non-profit organizations (runner-up consensus hackathon with charity dao). vincent zhou strategy advisor china vincent the general manager and founding partner fintech blockchain group. has successful career high tech and blockchain companies, and considered one the most influential blockchain venture capitalists china. guy corem strategy advisor guy has versatile professional experience has worked for major companies like intel, boxee and voltaire. along with that, has background funding startups, cybersecurity and cryptocurrencies/bitcoin. nikola stojanov bizdev advisor nikola business development executive with experience germany, eastern europe, mena and asia pacific. during the past years, has developed and consulted number international projects, including the aeternity blockchain platform. dominik zynis marketing advisor dominik has been involved the cryptocurrency scene since his background includes top sales rep for oracle corp., cofounder state software known for discovering json, and head communication and business development mastercoin (omni) foundation. leads and marcom wings foundation. vladislav dramaliev community advisor vladislav digital marketing analyst bitcoin entrepreneur. the founder bithope.org, cryptocrowd.org and the bitcoin/blockchain meetup sofia, bulgaria. vladislav also co-founder the bulgarian bitcoin association. richard titus strategy advisor richard serial entrepreneur with passion for the internet, technology and media. longtime holder crypto, has been acting strategic advisor number blockchain projects, including po.et, hive, and now adex. the adex team working with wings decentralized platform for crowdfunding projects that was recently named one the top fintech startups the cointelegraph. wings have core role both advising the adex project itself, and providing the platform for the adex crowdsale. adex the team also backed bitmain technologies, world leader bitcoin and cryptocurrency mining technology. bitmain made significant investment the stremio platform. partnership with: business case why are building the adex network? are creating token influence that solves the current problems online advertising global advertising and marketing investments continue grow exponentially around the world, and since last year see significant shift the importance carried different advertising mediums: while has always until now been king for advertisers, slowly being outrun online digital channels. global online advertising will outspend the king television for the first time. zenith's advertising expenditure forecasts report (september predicts average growth for internet advertising the period the report stipulates that the internet would account for all global advertising investment. alone, advertisers are expected spend more than billion, from the projection billion. despite its huge growth, however, the online advertising industry struggles with lot issues. have identified the ones that affect the most. source: zenith problem lack consumer consent while popular advertising networks like the ones google and facebook allow for some extent consent and control over what ads users see, this functionality very limited, and lot options are simply hidden from the end user (facebook, for example, collects data from the so-called "data brokers" but took purposeful research find nformation opting out these) furthermore, directly bound with the targeting parameters each campaign, launched advertiser advertiser makes mistake when defining these, the will broadcast people who may not interested and may not want see it. solution: the adex profile mentioned earlier this paper, each and every user, whom adex serves ads, will have their own profile where they can precise they want outlining their interests and preferences. this profile will ensure that consumers only see ads that are relevant them. for advertisers this means more precise targeting, less opportunities for mistakes when setting their campaigns, and higher conversion rates. problem privacy concerns and data misuse major serving networks and exchanges operate with huge amounts centralized data that can easily traced back the consumers' identities. despite legal disclaimers, consumer have knowledge the purposes, for which their data used, which threat their online privacy threat the end users can nothing about. most advertising networks include disclaimers about disclosing data third parties, however despite these disclaimers, consumer and marketing data being sold data brokers (unfortunately, there reliable information available the data broking market size but have reasons believe it's multi-billion dollar industry). solution: blockchain ensures anonymous use big data the blockchain technology, which adex utilizes, allows anonymize large chunks data only used for statistical purposes. put simply, with the help blockchain, advertisers still get receive and process data about their target audiences and consumers the form statistics only without compromising the privacy these consumers. problem lack bidding transparency existing real-time bidding (rtb) platforms offer information about bids whatsoever. this means that advertiser told maximum bid for particular property but not given the opportunity verify this. solution: decentralized exchange that can audited due the fact that adex based blockchain, advertisers can easily trace every click/view and verify every component campaign (participants, placements, impressions and clicks, etc.). the information decentralized can't hogged manipulated the exchange advertisers are only paying for actual results. problem unclear and/or misleading reporting online campaign reporting every advertiser and marketer's nightmare. each and every existing advertising network measures different metrics one would report clicks, another one sessions; one would give details about invalid clicks, another wouldn't; and on. this prevents advertisers from being able cross-check data and results, from using unified kpis across all networks, and from accurately tracking return spend (roas). solution: unified real-time reporting blockchain provides universal data set that every advertiser can understand and use analyze campaign performance. further that, adex will allow real-time reporting (existing networks require least few hours aggregate the data and show the advertisers). this way, advertisers can quickly spot trends and adjust their campaigns for maximum conversions. with real-time reporting they can also easily test campaign set and tracked properly. problem fraud the current online advertising ecosystem flawed. enables fraud committed advertising networks, advertisers and malicious third parties. according reports from agency the&partnership and the adloox audit verification company, brands will suffer losses the amount billion due fraud (bots, exploiting backdoors serving networks, etc.). the question advertising fraud should also addressed publishers. the global media supply chain also needs change ensure ads viewability transparency, reliable measurement, compliance rules and common standards for advertisers. solution: the adex anti-fraud mechanisms adex will equip advertisers with technical mechanisms trace and prevent fraud and invalid traffic. this technology combination with the transparency, real-time reporting and audit accessibility blockchain helps deliver platform where advertisers know exactly how much and why they are paying for advertising inventory. problem blockers blindness blocking software rose reaching total million devices worldwide where ads and sponsored messages are blocked million these were mobile devices). users are deliberately choosing install blockers, growing weary ads that are too intrusive and/or irrelevant. top this, users are also prone developing blindness condition consciously subconsciously ignoring any piece visual information that resembles banner. these two phenomena cause revenue losses advertisers the latter are unable fully reach their target consumers. solution: clever, meaningful ads that people want see adex will deliver unintrusive ads that are precisely targeted. through this, the end users will seeing ads that are facilitating their consumers habits rather than annoying them. the exchange will also offer advertisers select for their ads visual design that resembles native content much possible problem central regulation most the existing exchanges rely central regulation, some cases from tech giants like facebook and google. while this has advantages, it's also extremely limiting, restrictive and authoritarian. it's not uncommon see campaigns, even advertisers/publishers getting banned unfairly, with little none ability appeal, let alone quickly. even considering those restrictions, scam/malware ads still exist date, even facebook and adsense. solution: user-powered governance with adex, the consumer determines what's right wrong. the power crowdsourcing has proven itself over the recent years, and the "consumer always right" statement has never been more true. furthermore, believe that giving users the power essentially filter out bad advertisements will beneficial for overall conversions, and therefore advertisers and publishers. problem payment methods limitations all existing networks require advertisers use verified payment methods such bank accounts, credit cards, etc. however, for many advertisers (especially micro businesses developing countries), that's issue. solution: cryptocurrency blockchain and the use cryptocurrencies allows literally anyone take advantage advertising possibilities grow their business. problem lack focus general networks and exchanges act mediators between advertisers and inventory providers and usually cater very diverse ranges both groups. this why there are often issues like inappropriate formats, wrong audience targeting, etc. solution: focus one niche industry the adex team comes from background vod and video streaming and this why the network will initially work with publishers who are exclusively video entertainment providers. know this market and know how best serve advertising there beneficial for all the involved parties. this does not exclude the possibility adex opening other types publishers the future with adex see roadmap developing multiple sub-divisions adex, each catering specific niche. summary you can see, there are way too many things wrong with the current state the online advertising industry. that means that the time has come for impactful disruption that landscape, and this where decentralized exchanges such adex come in. with these new solutions, advertisers will able regain control over their advertising spend, they will able limit their exposure potential fraud and will empowered achieve higher return their marketing spending. publishers will benefit from more interest from advertisers, more targeted ads and higher level end user satisfaction and ultimately higher advertising revenues. last but not least, end users will finally have online environment where they can receive targeted, tailor-made ads without compromising their privacy and personal data. competitive landscape traditional networks there are currently hundreds traditional local and global networks available the market; however, google and facebook are the main players there. both companies support their own advertising networks that are very popular among advertisers because the large amounts data both facebook and google collect about the end users. however, being advertising giants, these networks very little please the advertisers. they bring unclear reporting that easy misinterpreted, well too many restrictions what and how can advertised. furthermore, there plenty room for fraud left these networks and result, advertisers are exposed humongous losses. decentralized solutions couple other similar projects related advertising with smart contracts have been announced recently: brave software's basic attention token (bat), nasdaq's nyiax, qchain, adchain. while all these exchanges come from strong teams, the truth are all sailing uncharted waters here. this why extremely important have exceptional understanding both cryptography and tech, well stay open possible terms platform and device availability. top this, the more decentralized solutions, the more viewpoints will introduced solving the issues existing networks, and the more the different networks will able learn from each other. doing so, will accomplish positive and empowered ecosystem. are excited about the fact that have competition this will push deliver service superior the others. the adex network will universally usable all devices and operating systems; the adx token will used for trading advertising property rather just for governance, and will thus easier for advertisers and publishers understand and adopt. adex adoption once the adex fully operational, will kick with stremio the exchange's first publisher. the expertise the video entertainment industry that have will help quickly attract other similar publishers looking for efficient way monetize. advertisers will attracted the platform's merits clear and transparent reporting, limited possibility fraud, cross-platform/device availability, exceptional user targeting, etc. further that, adex token holders will incentivized bring more advertisers the platform they would benefit from more active property marketplace. last but not least, will invest significant effort working with blocker providers order get adex ads whitelisted. are positive that this effort will rewarded adex will stand for "clean", targeted and meaningful advertising, and will offer blockers the option monetize whitelisting the rewards via smart contracts. token within the adex ecosystem, the adex token (adx) will used internally buy sell advertising space and time. advertisers would able create ads, and then place bids for them, setting the bid adx token. the advertisers may bid for specific number impressions, clicks conversions (e.g. sign-ups, purchases, etc.). once the publisher accepts bid, the token will frozen until the publisher proves that they have completed the goal. when that happens, the token transferred the publisher's balance. certain actions within the network would incentivized the creation additional tokens, which will received whomever committed that action. this will ensure slow, on-demand inflation the token that there's enough circulation for the network healthy and usable. technology overview the adex token itself (adx) will based ethereum, blockchain-based distributed computing platform. ethereum allows smart contracts distributed computer programs that can facilitate online contractual agreements cryptographically secure manner. ethereum open-source and adopted institutions like morgan, deloitte, ibm, santander bank, microsoft, the luxembourg stock exchange and toyota. smart contracts are what enables the existence adex truly transparent and decentralized serving exchange. smart contracts are essentially computer programs that run distributed public ledger, therefore ensuring their result always consistent, transparent and cannot manipulated. this technology also ensures that adex removes the need for intermediaries and having central authority you need trust through smart contracts, the complex process choosing ads, tracking ads and facilitating bidding/payment can described the contract itself, while still running the distributed ethereum network and taking advantage the blockchain qualities. the fundamental philosophy adex it's balanced/correct use blockchain. the adex network only uses the blockchain for mission-critical data, such accomplished conversion goals* and payments. that way, eliminates the opportunities for fraud and lack transparency when comes the critical events; this, its turn, removes the incentive manipulate statistics, which will kept off-chain allow for bigger volumes analytics data. call the critical set smart contracts facilitating the most important interactions between publishers, users and advertisers "the adex core". the adex core will kept small and highly modular mitigate the possibility and impact potential bugs smart contracts. conversion goal: measurable outcome that represents action completed individual user your site, e.g. making purchase, subscribing email list, time spent site, etc. the adex core will made publically available with open-source license and will through multiple security audits every update. the architecture the adex core adxtoken: the erc token used trade advertising space; adxpublisherregistry: handles information about publishers, such accounts and individual websites/apps; adxadvertiserregistry: handles information about advertisers, such accounts and individual campaigns; adxuserregistry: handles information about end users and their legitimacy; adxexchange: handles the bidding, bid accept/execute, payment processes; once bid has been accepted, locks the adx tokens until both publisher and advertiser have successfully confirmed the execution the bid, after which unlocks the adx tokens and transfers them the publisher possible additions: adxtoken (adxt): upgradable erc token with inflation model designed improve the token's scalability and avoid too much scarcity. adex core versioning scheme the entire package has generation number; e.g. adex core this number only meant change when the model significantly altered (essentially new big iteration the core). this will happen when enough real-world usage data has been gathered design improved model; it's not expected that modules from older generations the core will compatible with the next generations, with the exception the tokens (adxtoken/adxtoken). within one generation, there must common interface interaction between the modules. every module has individual version, and within the same generation the core, every module can upgraded individually without breaking other modules. this allows for easy upgradability. level two for later generations the core, there's the possibility adding off-chain solutions that supplement the main smart contracts, for example iota-based solution that will handle real-time bidding and commit the overall results the ethereum blockchain (adxrealtimebiddingexchange) therefore replacing the current off-chain hyperlog-based* solution. possible level two solutions are iota truebit and polkadot ports the adex core will ported neo (antshares) and possibly other technologies such aeternity rsk.co they have the necessary scalability and maturity. again, this something that may only change across generations the core. sdk another key advantage adex it's strong interoperability the adex sdk for publishers works just like any other publisher sdk the browser, built right top html and compatible with any modern browser. the publisher sdk can integrated any website/web application matter minutes simply copying and pasting code. the sdk has two modes operation: full mode: directly connects ethereum, ipfs and hyperlog nodes through protocols like webrtc and websockets light mode: connects publisher endpoint, which facilitates the connection ethereum, ipfs and hyperlog the full mode suitable for web-based, single-page applications that load once and dynamically change their content based user interactions. this mode does not put any strains the publisher's servers, but requires modern browser and some loading time. the light mode suitable for simpler websites such news websites and blogs. this mode also more suitable for mobile browsers older browsers. the light mode does require infrastructure from the part behalf the publisher, which means central point, but it's still fraud-proof, because still needs submit proof conversion and user the blockchain-based core (the exchange). hyperlog: append-only peer-to-peer replicated database based merkle dag. the sdk based web tech, but this doesn't mean it's restricted web browsers only. mobile and desktop applications can still easily benefit from this sdk using webview, which standard approach for the adtech industry anyway, and ensures the same technological stack any case. for mobile/desktop, publishers can choose the full/light mode depending their needs and use case. the publisher portal the publisher portal client-side dapp bundled with server that contains hyperlog instance, publisher endpoint server (used the sdk and the adex profile) and serves the app itself. the publisher portal will handle publisher registration, registering different websites/apps (channels) and advertising properties (particular places the given channel). but most importantly, the publisher will use this portal for accepting particular bids for their advertising property. the publisher will able set-up automatic bid accepting through the publisher portal the portal server itself will responsible for monitoring bids and accepting them for the free properties, based rules set out the publisher themselves. multiple bids can accepted for single property too, which will lead rotation and dynamic selection ads depending user profile. publishers will encouraged self-host the portal themselves, but for convenience the adex organization will provide cloud-hosted portal for appropriate hosting fee. the advertiser portal similarly the publisher portal, the advertiser portal client-side dapp bundled with server that contains hyperlog instance. the advertiser portal allows advertisers register themselves, create different campaigns and then place bids over advertising space. the bids are placed defining conversion goal, how many times has achieved, what's the adx reward for executing the bid, maximum time execute the bid and recommended target audience. the number executed conversion goals important parameter each bid. smaller numbers ensure more granularity and control, while more conversion goals allow for more hands-off approach for the publisher and advertiser, but less control over the price. course, the number has big enough justify the gas* that will paid confirm the execution the bid. the need balancing out this number will eliminated the future adding real-time bidding with adex with the publisher portal, advertisers will encouraged self-host the portal themselves, but for convenience the adex organization will provide cloud-hosted portal for appropriate hosting fee. the adex profile the adex profile client-side dapp* (html, in-browser) that allows users change their preferences regarding advertising and essentially describe their interests themselves. avoid the need for users have eth wallets, users will completely passive, only reading from the ethereum network. order for them change their taste preferences (or log conversion action), they would have through the publisher, who'd responsible for paying the gas**. the change preferences can verified directly the profile dapp, reading information from the adex core reading data from smart contracts does not charge gas and then displaying success message error message. through the same process, the user will able report particular advertisements the publisher, case they consider them inappropriate. filling the profile will not mandatory requirement for delivery i.e. ads will shown users even they haven not populated edited their advertising preferences. reporting detailed reporting data kept off-chain multi-master, append-only database called hyperlog, although any database with similar characteristics can used instead. ensure consistency, the overall result will verified through the adex core dapp: abbreviated form for "decentralized application", app with backend running decentralized, peer-to-peer network instead centralized servers. gas: the fee paid for the execution every operation made ethereum. adxexchange module. every involved party advertisers, publishers and users would log events the this database, ensuring that detailed reports can extracted from it. because the database peer-to-peer, and stored the publishers and advertisers, there's practically scalability issue record many events possible. separate databases will used for every publisheradvertiser relationship, which allows for private databases case the involved parties not want their detailed data public (although the result outline will kept the blockchain, therefore still being transparent enough), and improves scalability because it's essentially equivalent sharding. see the scalability section for more details how the data kept. further perk keeping reporting data database only shared between publisher/advertiser, that only they get access the detailed reports. however, the general public can still see the blockchain that the overall result makes sense and the data not being manipulated. ensure quick aggregation the data, the publisher portal server will allow executing mapreduce queries the dataset. mapreduce declarative programming model for processing and aggregating big data sets. the advantage the mapreduce model that the computation the overall result can distributed, therefore faster and easier facilitate. but the biggest advantage this particular case that the aggregation can happen over time the data set grows larger, which provides up-to-date result any moment without having re-compute from scratch. this similar the "views" couchdb. this model also allows for any kind aggregation, including custom queries that the publishers/advertisers define themselves. this access raw data with quick aggregation system makes adex highly flexible and powerful when comes reporting. storage the metadata and multimedia for advertising campaigns kept peer-to-peer storage system called ipfs. ipfs will used keep advertisement-related media, such images, videos and larger media (e.g video/interactive ads), well smaller files like metadata json, html and css. ipfs open source project developed since protocol labs with help from the open source community. adex would still allow ads hosted existing infrastructure (e.g. cdns), allow compatibility with the existing industry, while still having the reporting transparency and overall process efficiency our solution. the html sdk, ipfs can read through http gateway (just like regular cdns), websockets/webrtc, which are planned transport protocols for ipfs. exchange mechanism the exchange mechanism implemented the adxexchange module the adex core works keeping simple list bids and giving the opportunity for publishers accept them. automatic real-time bidding will implemented later generations the technology evolves, but for now manual semi-automatic bidding (see publisher portal section) are the two available options. scalability the system designed such way that only critical data verified the blockchain. detailed data only synced between publishers/advertisers, and the overall result that verified the blockchain upon completion certain bigger goals (e.g. conversions). bids the exchange are done for whole packages (e.g. conversions for this ad") instead granularly, which allows define the bigger goal that the blockchain part (adex core) will verifying. even though you can technically manipulate the statistical data (e.g. details about individual conversion goals), there's incentive for you that, because the overall result (e.g total conversion goals completed, therefore revenue) must verified through the blockchain. this very similar the concept ethereum state channels described stephan tual his blog for now, off-chain data kept peer-to-peer multi-master-replication database, but technology that allows some further verification/confirmation the data emerges, while still being scalable enough (for example iota), can used instead. user verification prevent the possibility publishers performing sybil attacks the network registering multiple users and logging conversion goals, there will algorithm that tracks the possible legitimacy every user. once user data written adxuserregistry publishers upon achieving conversion goals, users would able gain points towards their legitimacy rating. possible factors for gaining points include: number publishers that have confirmed this user achieved conversion goals; advertisers confirmed this user user with unique ip; trusted authority confirmed the legitimacy this user. every advertiser will able set minimum threshold user legitimacy before conversion goal being counted. but most importantly, the adex network designed work with conversion goals, which decreases the incentive for such sybil attack anyway: if, for example, the conversion goal onboard paying user, then there's incentive actually create paying user get the reward from that, since you'll end losing money. conversion goal may also successfully onboard user new product and get them complete conversion goal advertisement within that product. this ensures model that may slow generate revenue, but discourages any possibility fraud. also gives advertisers option how much they want verify legitimacy, therefore balancing between anti-fraud measures and the speed that they achieve results. full process walk-through this example walk-through the entire process user seeing ad, and the publisher receiving the adx reward for it: the publisher registers themselves, their website and the property the publisher portal. the advertiser registers themselves and the advertising campaign the advertiser portal. the advertiser places their bid for executed conversion goal (for the sake simplicity, only the actual platform, this value will set conversion goals). the publisher accepts the bid. the user goes the website and triggers the sdk. the sdk initializes, pulls data from the adex core smart contracts, the publisher and the advertiser; then finds out that the publisher accepted one bid, and the conversion goal not yet realized; pulls data from ipfs display the ad, and broadcasts it, meanwhile logging "load" and "impression" the hyperlog database. the user clicks the (logging "click" the hyperlog) and signs for the advertised product, therefore triggering confirmation from the advertiser side that the conversion goal met. since the bid should now executed, the publisher calls the adex core confirm with the aggregated data executing the bid; the advertiser confirms this and the adex core (adxexchange particular) unlocks the adx reward and transfers the publisher. adxtoken (adxt) adxt conceptual token that may launched the future, once the adex network highly developed and seeing large traffic. the adxt used the same way adx, but has built-in inflation model that rewards network participants with newly minted tokens, therefore incentivizing usage the platform and increasing the scalability the token ensuring won't become too scarce. the reason this inflation model not included the initial version (adx) that this model needs designed using real-world usage data the adex network instead theoretical speculation. adxt would smart contract, part the adex core, and would allow exchange the adx token for the new adxt token, allowing adx token holders easily upgrade. adex fund the adex fund pool tokens used the adex network organization sell advertisers the moment their registration and usage the platform, therefore giving them easy access adx tokens. this pool will replenished publishers want cash out their adx fiat currency. roadmap stage research: completed june june during this stage researched the feasibility the vision create decentralized and transparent network. worked closely with the wings foundation and other advisors arrive the current concept and assemble suitable team. stage token crowdsale june july this stage marks the deployment the first adex smart contract and the announcement adx token. the adx token will launch with the help wings. there will crowdsale which the adx token will offered and the rest will distributed the team, advisors, bounty program and wings da. the crowdsale necessary fund the development the prototype and the business development required drive initial adoption. stage prototype july february the first adex prototype will delivered early february and will include basic bidding system with front-end for advertisers and front-end for publishers, well sdk for publishers. this prototype will focus native advertising and display advertising. will completely open-source and independently audited. stage adoption and improvement february january this stage will include heavy business development. the software development will driven the market needs and feedback drive the adoption the adex system. this stage will bring massive improvements the user targeting and reporting. also plan enhance the user experience most importantly, will work towards making the integration the publisher sdk easy possible. additionally, will bring other forms advertising during this stage, such video advertising. stage adex starting january adex will technological re-vamp focus scalability, adex adopted more and more publishers and advertisers. this stage involves bringing adex other blockchains, for example rsk and aeternity. wings dao adex has engaged wings foundation, the developers behind the wings dao, order efficiently price and promote the adex fundraising event the maximum number participants. the wings dapp which runs ethereum allows members review project conducting fundraising providing feedback well valuation via artificial intelligence powered crowds crypto-experts. wings will allow the adex team better price the fundraiser minimize the number tokens for the capital seek, while also engaging the social graph the wings dao crypto-experts maximize potential project backers who can service product champions and evangelists for adex more quickly market. the total tokens will the wings dao reward participants the forecasting. crowdsale the crowdsale will fund the initial development and adoption the adex network. will happen through ethereum smart contracts, with audited smart contracts platform provided wings the crowdsale will start june and will end july when the hard cap eth reached. you can participate the crowdsale only with eth currency. the address will announced https://tokens.adex.network few days before the crowdsale. the token exchange rate will eth adx. there will first day bonus (eth adx) and (eth adx) first week bonus the first week bonus will valid for days starting the second day the crowdsale). tokens will immediately transferrable after the crowdsale. there will hard cap set eth. the hard cap reached, the tokens become immediately transferrable. because the hard cap, not all allocated for the public will sold. please read token allocation learn more. budget allocation software development: the budget will allocated the core adex development team, fund creating the initial prototype and then necessary improvements achieve significant adoption; this also includes costs for independent security audits business development: the budget will required for business development, order attract more publishers and advertisers and gain traction this will require attracting business development/adtech specialists marketing: the budget will driving awareness the adex project raise awareness and attract significant number open-source contributors and build the community around the project legal and administration: most which will allocated for developing solid legal framework for the adex network; minor part that will administration/accounting contingency: set aside for unforeseen costs adx token allocation the total amount adx token created initially will will the adex team and will vested for months with -month cliff will the adex advisors and will vested for months with -month cliff will wings dao for discovery, valuation, social promotion will set aside for bounty program, such bounties for translating the white paper will available for sale the public* because the hard cap, not all tokens will sold the initial crowdfunding event; the rest the tokens will kept adex fund address and vested for months with month cliff, and used the adex organization for allowing easy purchase adx within the adex dapps themselves, making the onboarding process easier for advertisers while adex gaining popularity. this also allows for continued project funding. bounty program please use our bounty portal, https://bounty.adex.network claim bounties related facebook, twitter, slack and other social channels. you can also see the bitcointalk thread for signature campaign and ann thread bounties: https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=. total, tokens will allocated for the bounty program adx will given translators adx will given for the bitcointalk signature campaign adx will given for the facebook campaign adx will given for the twitter campaign adx will given for joining slack/telegram adx will remain for additional rewards adoption besides adex's technological advantages, need clear go-to-market strategy order able efficiently establish adex big player the market. our strategy based the divide-and-conquer principles, where we're starting with very specific markets and niches, and taking them one one until reach significant volume get the next stage. stage video entertainment publishers, starting with stremio stage ii: blockchain/cryptocurrency news, blogs publishers, and startups the blockchain space advertisers stage iii: native advertising with tech media blogs and websites stage iv: video, native and interstitials (media-heavy ads) android and ios, attracting advertisers the gaming space adex monetization since this open-source project, makes sense charge any fees for using the platform. the spirit open-source, advertisers and publishers will not charged any fees adex. however, will make available cloud-hosted portal that will accessible for appropriate hosting fee, should our users opt take advantage it. last but not least, will offering paid custom-developed modules for adex any client who needs specific solution match their needs. extended use cases due adex's versatile and modular architecture, it's possible adapt into many alternative "spin-off" use cases. one such example using the adex core (exchange and registry smart contracts) facilitate the business relationship between publisher and advertiser the case sponsored social media content, such tweets, facebook posts, facebook covers/avatars and etc. this will serve the purpose automate this process and make easier, while adding escrow, transparency and quick payment. furthermore, the system could configured, through external oracles based bots, track the performance such sponsored social media. references lara o'reilly, business insider. blocker usage and popular method publishers use thwart isn't working lucy handley, cnbc. businesses could lose billion online advertising fraud report rochelle burbury, b&t australia. global online spend surpass tv) zenith emarketer. total media spending worldwide, region, (billions and change) george slefo, adage. fraud will cost billion ana says, nearly billion zenith media. advertising expenditure forecasts september the&partnership, adloox, msix. what happens next: how reverse the rising tide fraud shareen pathak, digiday uk. how blockchain might useful marketing and advertising upturn, open society foundations. data brokers open society wikipedia. ethereum wikipedia. interplanetary file system iota token