aditus luxury access platform for crypto-affluents white paper originally drafted: july updated june table contents growing numbers crypto-affluents neglected the luxury industry ........................................................................................ crypto-affluents desire and deserve the luxury lifestyle this missed trillion dollar opportunity ............................. introducing aditus the first luxury lifestyle access platform serving crypto-affluents globally ........................................ aditus value proposition for users .................................................................................................................................................................... aditus value proposition for luxury merchants .......................................................................................................................................... business model ........................................................................................................................................................................................................ team ............................................................................................................................................................................................................................. the aditus token .................................................................................................................................................................................................... roll-out road map ................................................................................................................................................................................................. conclusion .................................................................................................................................................................................................................. important information ......................................................................................................................................................................................... this white paper current form being circulated aditus pte. ltd. ("aditus") for general information only the aditus platform presently conceived, and subject review and revision the directors aditus, the board advisors and/or legal advisors aditus. fully subject the terms and conditions contained section this white paper entitled "important information". not treated investment financial advice. please not replicate distribute any part this white paper without this disclaimer accompaniment. the information set forth below may not exhaustive and part this white paper intended create legal relations between recipient this white paper legally binding enforceable such recipient against aditus. updated version this white paper may published date determined and announced aditus due course. growing numbers crypto-affluents neglected the luxury industry the value bitcoin, the first and most well-known crypto-currency, has increased significantly. some alt-coins have also seen tremendous growth over the last years indeed other category asset has offered such upside the last decade. this along with the token sale (ico) boom and the rich trading opportunities and have created entirely new community affluent individuals the "crypto-affluents". the founders aditus are veteran entrepreneurs luxury and tech, and have noticed increasing numbers such crypto-affluents our luxury events. (we own large scale yacht shows asia, and organise events for affluent users monthly). our discussions with them, discovered that while many crypto-affluents desire services offered luxury merchants, they still lack access it, and feel excluded. the same time, luxury merchants (our long time partners clients) similarly have way reaching out crypto-affluents, despite going through period slowing growth and eager for new revenue growth. this disconnect driven the following factors: few luxury merchants accept crypto-currencies lack payment gateway implementation crypto-users are more privacy-conscious than your average user, while luxury merchants need more targeting data than your average marketer market their goods luxury lifestyle merchants simply not know how reach crypto-affluents the above reasons are true not just luxury merchants, but generally well. cryptoadoption en-masse still some time away. yet, the beginning stages our project our team had hypothesis that cryptoadoption will likely first occur the two opposing ends the wealth spectrum, the unbanked poor and the crypto-affluent. this hypothesis has been tested and proven through our operations since january have processed numerous transactions from crypto affluents among the luxury merchants have signed. challenges however remain. luxury merchants are among the most traditional companies, and are used traditional modes marketing. they simply have way easily reach out crypto-affluents. this especially have observed that the crypto-currency blockchain community can insular the luxury industry. luxury merchants have always required more targeted marketing due the niche nature their products and the need for the right brand positioning. that higher level targeting currently obtained through channels that extensively track user's preferences and spending habits. example, the amex centurion card and other premium credit cards are how many luxury merchants reach out fiat-millionaires. the data tracking fiat millionaires traditional banking systems allow luxury merchants target and identify the right audience for their products. short crypto-affluents converting all their crypto-assets into fiat currencies, subjecting themselves traditional banking systems and its perennial tracking, what have doublesided access problem, which luxury merchants similarly cannot reach crypto-affluents. crypto-affluents desire and deserve the luxury lifestyle this missed trillion dollar opportunity the luxury lifestyle business trillion-dollar, high margin business encompassing many product categories. few examples sub-industries that constitute the luxury lifestyle: global premium travel us$ billion luxury goods art yacht charters >us$ billion >us$ billion >us$ million with slowing growth for almost all luxury lifestyle categories, serving the new crypto-affluents golden opportunity for all luxury merchants. with new money pouring into crypto-investment and new crypto-wealth being created everyday, there similar golden opportunity for the first platform that can link luxury merchants with crypto-affluents. aditus building that market-first platform. introducing aditus the first luxury lifestyle access platform serving crypto-affluents globally aditus means access latin. our conversations with many crypto-affluents, converting significant amount one's crypto-holdings fiat either offensive from ideological standpoint, financially totally self-defeating given the growth still come cryptocurrency values. will create this first-ever access through platform that uniquely bridges the needs both crypto-affluents and luxury merchants. drawing decades experience the luxury industry its founders and advisors, aditus creates wholly new platform that decentralized, and integrates encryption, smart contracts and payment gateways that: empowers crypto-users enjoy access rich offering luxury products and services complete privacy enables luxury merchants target market customers, yet still without infringing user's privacy enables luxury merchants process payments crypto currency enables crypto-users make purchases and rewarded crypto-currencies the following principles guide the construction the aditus platform: users maintain full control their own data user data transferred shared without the user's express authorization aditus also offers paid membership programs which users enjoy whole package luxury rewards like concierge services and access the most exclusive products services establishments the world. think the equivalent premium credit card rewards program for crypto-users. diagram: selection industries aditus covers ensure the best-in-class technology, aditus partnership with some the most prominent blockchain companies the world. roll-out initiatives are also planned with these companies. last but not least, aditus also organizes frequent physical events, meant increase interactions between fiat affluents and the crypto-space, between crypto-affluents and lifestyle providers, well between fiat affluents and crypto-affluents themselves. through the aditus app, the most exclusive experiences, events, establishments, products and services globally are all accessible crypto-affluents, right through their mobile phones. aditus platform components the aditus platform consists three main components aditus pay aditus access adi token payment gateway serving high end merchants serve cryptoaffluents. merchants get access our payment concierge service and trading desk convert crypto payments fiat. this was beta-launched january and full operations since june signed luxury merchants active operations. secure mobile app, with crypto-currency wallet empowering mobile purchases the primary interface between users and aditus serves functions store and encrypt personal and preferences data user's personal device this data used for private matching with merchant's targeting requirements display smart invitations from luxury merchants that match user's preferences facilitate transactions via the aditus wallet display the membership status and digital vip card participating establishments user data encrypted and stored the phone, and never leaves the phone unless specifically authorized the user, ensuring privacy. the aditus mobile wallet wallet supporting multiple cryptocurrencies services the app are initially focused the premium travel market. rewards adi tokens are automatically given upon purchases made through the digital wallet users can also use their adi tokens for discounted service fees the app the aditus access app will launched october the penang rendezvous yacht show. erc token (to converted binance chain token) serves the following functions: discounted service fees aditus platform "cash-back" purchase price access aditus programs and services (through staking spending) possible transaction currency aditus luxury merchants aditus value proposition for users crypto-users access the luxury lifestyle through levels aditus membership ordinary membership (free) vip membership (paid) aditus ordinary membership: access the world luxury through smart invitations cash-back rewards transactions simply downloading the aditus app and inputting your preference data will activate the aditus ordinary membership members receive smart invitations luxury merchants that match their preference data members receive rewards aditus tokens for performing desired user actions (specified the smart invitations) members use the aditus wallet and aditus tokens transact our merchants, they also receive cash-back "in-kind" rewards merchant categories include member's clubs, restaurants, travel, wine, art, villas, yachts, private jets, classic cars, watches, shopping and even token offerings etc. ultimate user privacy: users control all their data, and user data never leaves the phone unless specifically authorized the user. paid membership program reserved for the most active aditus users available different levels: gold, platinum, diamond, with different membership fees all the benefits ordinary membership, and invitations exclusive events with luxury brands invitations exclusive events organized the aditus foundation (including events such ico pitches) service concierge access clubs, restaurants, lounges exclusive deals with high-end travel planners offering custom design itineraries exotic, hard get destinations invitations iconic events classic car concours, film festivals, beach parties, themed cruises ecash-back rewards luxury boutiques exclusive benefits with yacht charter companies exclusive benefits with private jet charter companies exclusive visits wine cellars europe the exclusive access gallery and new exhibition vernissages private invitation new yacht launches privileged access art and collectible auctions privileged access high-end property and vineyard auctions exclusive invitation token launches (itss) private purchase and sale advisor (art, properties, yachts) and many more this the rewards program the crypto-world, akin those offered under top tier credit cards like amex centurion. the aditus team experienced creating luxury rewards programs for banks and credit card companies, and well-connected with many the other companies working the background creating these exclusive programs. secure multi-cryptocurrency wallet seamless payment merchants user activity aditus not tracked centralized manner, but rather activated through decentralized smart contracts core service offering the aditus platform secure multi-crypto currency wallet within the aditus access app, well the roll-out crypto-payment gateways luxury merchants. aditus access being multi-currency wallet, the user can choose different crypto-currencies such bitcoin, litecoin and ethereum pay for the products services offered aditus alliance merchant. however, aditus offers cash-back (more accurately 'token-back') and other "in-kind" incentives (eg free bottle champagne your beach villa reserved through aditus) for using the aditus token the payment currency. because the aditus' team's unique strengths user acquisition among fiat millionaires, likely that the aditus crypto-currency wallet will the first mobile crypto-currency wallet downloaded and used many fiat millionaires. (see 'roll-out plan') payment gateways essential the aditus platform rolling-out payment gateways our merchants. integrating apis from exchanges and liquidity providers, will enable luxury merchants paid the currency their choice. doing, will initiate luxury merchants into the crypto-age. maximum privacy protection luxury marketers require more targeting data than the average marketer run effective campaigns. specifically, the ideal luxury marketing campaign needs categories targeting data: personal demographic data preferences data transaction data yet there will always constant struggle between merchants and consumers with regards data: merchants and marketers always want much possible, users always want give little possible. make matters worse, many crypto-users are even more particular about privacy than average consumers. current models, party platforms like banks, credit card companies large marketing platforms google and facebook track collect much data possible about their users. the data then used these platforms create marketing solutions, even on-sold other companies and data brokers. look the terms use agreements these services would reveal that many these platforms have ownership rights over user data. the case banks and credit card companies, vast amounts transaction data are also tracked along with other personal data. given the need for luxury merchants identify customers who both have the means and the interest, the banks and credit card companies become powerful channel promote their service offerings. while aditus users have input contact and preference data receive smart invitations, this data encrypted and stored their mobile devices. all user data within the aditus app will encrypted using the advanced encryption standard (aes). this data never leaves the phone unless specifically authorized the user. matching merchant's targeting requirements and user data done locally user's mobile device (decentralized matching), merchants not get access users until users choose initiate engagement with the merchants.. our centralized servers run only the code our front-facing user interfaces, and store unencrypteduser data. thus, aditus, user data always solely within the control and ownership the user. anticipate users who may value convenience over privacy, will offer freemium service for users store their data encrypted server, that they may able transfer their personal data between phones. however, aditus platform set satisfy the most rigorous privacy requirements the user's browsing, engagement and transactions with luxury merchants. platform that can serve even the most privacy-demanding crypto-affluents. aditus value proposition for luxury merchants aditus' core value proposition for luxury merchants allow them reach the growing new community crypto-affluents. period slowing growth, this golden opportunity for luxury merchants use aditus' platform the first serve this new group wealthy individuals. the aditus team highly experienced building marketing platforms linking luxury merchants and affluent individuals, from websites apps magazines events rewards programs. aditus does this through two angles: payments and rewards. aditus' built incentives and rewards platform, centered around the adi token, also allows them the first build loyalty and brand awareness with this new group customers. besides opening the new customer category crypto-affluents luxury merchants, aditus also allows merchants reward the user directly, without paying the bulk their marketing budgets middlemen. the brave browser and its basic attention token offers direct way for online advertisers reward users for their attention, thereby cutting through multiple middlemen and aims solve the highly fragmented digital advertising ecosystem. serious problems similarly have always existed luxury marketing because: the physical touch feel experience and physical engagement are extremely important luxury purchases, which means unlike e-commerce, there can considerable time gap between marketing and the actual transaction luxury marketing requires more precise targeting data effective. luxury merchants not like publicise discounts and rewards openly for fear diminishing their brand positioning the introduction smart invitations and the aditus platform general allows luxury merchants reward users for desired actions directly, providing them with degree accountability not currently offered any marketing platform, whether they are on-chain off-chain. business model aditus operates core transaction and marketing platform between luxury merchants and crypto-affluents. this platform, the aditus generates revenues through: commissions transactions pre-negotiate transaction commissions from participating merchants, that aditus makes commission every sale. this distinguished from the payment gateway fees below. jun update: since have been one the few crypto companies the world processing actual transactions real world made with crypto-currencies through our participating merchants. even after close years development the e-commerce market, and despite all the media attention surrounding the e-commerce luxury, all luxury purchases are still made physical points sale. payment processing fees when merchants require the use our payment gateways, they pay small fee (around %). anticipate this fee would lower than those charged credit card data networks. membership fees from vip users (when they purchase the aditus vip membership) team the founders aditus are veteran entrepreneurs with track record luxury, technology, marketing and events. many members the aditus team have worked with each other multiple projects over the past decade. core team julian peh co-founder julian regarded one the foremost entrepreneurs luxury tech asia, having founded and built luxury-insider.com into the leading luxury portal asia before was acquired media giant singapore press holdings. over the past years has launched and built numerous luxury marketing platforms including websites, apps and rewards programs focused luxury. highly experienced digital product development and roll-out, and has been the forefront rolling out tech solutions for luxury clients from online advertising, mobile marketing data systems. his track record includes signing hundreds luxury brands often for their very first forays into that technology. has been deeply involved luxury rewards programs, having served consultant for citibank's top end ultima card, well creating luxury rewards programs for chinese banks and their credit cards. for the past years, has been co-founder and ceo sera, rewards program partnership with visa china. sera has acquired rewards from luxury brand stores date. julian active investor cryptocurrencies, and concurrently shareholder heart media, owner singapore rendezvous, phuket rendezvous and penang rendezvous well multiple magazines and websites. olivier burlot co-founder leading luxury entrepreneur with long track record luxury events and media. one the most successful luxury media and event entrepreneurs asia, olivier was the forefront luxury's growth asia the last years. having helmed luxury media companies and yacht companies, olivier also co-founded some the most famous luxury shows the world including hainan rendezvous hai tian sheng yan brings wealth global connections and relationships within the luxury industry. olivier ceo heart media, which also owns the singapore rendezvous, phuket rendezvous and penang rendezvous, all leading luxury shows the centre ultra-affluent communities. prakash somosundram co-founder prakash leading digital entrepreneur who founded yolk, digital agency that served clients like lenovo, microsoft, singapore's ministry communications and the arts. yolk was acquired wpp also listed another company tmg nasdaq first north. highly ranked influencer the fintech space asia. actively involved startup ecosystem development and promotion singapore. was recognized the singapore indian business leaders sibl) awards prabhu sengal lead developer prabhu the founder and cto the software practice (https://tsp.sg), technology development firm based singapore. has architected solutions and led teams deliver complex software solutions for large enterprises and government agencies including hewlett packard, dbs (southeast asia's largest bank) and dsta (the defence science and technology agency singapore). he's avid blockchain enthusiast who brings substantial technical expertise designing and developing world-class software. zulkamal ahmed platform manager developer zulkamal multi-disciplined product manager with more than years full-stack application development and management experience ranging from architectural design, ui/ux, data analysis marketing the digital media space. prior being the blockchain space, was involved applying machine learning and data science fashion-related startup and the hospitality industry. was also one the founding members websg, web standards advocacy group singapore. jason kwong content manager jason spent seven years the financial sector with experience credit card marketing and equity trading before entering into luxury media, serving managing editor major luxury magazines. was early investor bitcoin and ethereum. his knowledge luxury, and keen interest cryptocurrencies are summoned the forefront aditus. advisors shaun djie advisor shaun the co-founder and coo digix global, and also the founder and lead organizer for ethereum singapore meetup group the largest its kind asia with almost members. having been exposed blockchain technology since its early days, was involved paper for the mti smart nation research blockchain technology back digixglobal, the first company ever conduct crowdsale the ethereum blockchain, was also the first company conduct the first ever live transaction ethereum. akash aggarwal advisor akash the founder and president global dcx, digital currency exchange which allows its users trade digital currencies including: bitcoin, ethereum, ripple, and others alongside fiat pairs. highly experienced the crypto-currency sphere, and member the digital currency council, access singapore and the bitcoin foundation. samuel mark reid advisor samuel blockchain expert, mathematician and polymath who holds multiple positions like chief blockchain engineer gibraltar blockchain exchange, director spacebit. mathematician and business developer with iota, and also ceo and co-founder the geometric energy corporation, delivering mathematical and scientific consulting industry, academia and government. kenneth advisor kenneth senior partner with dentons rodyk davidson's corporate practice, and china/indonesia practices. legal practice for over years, specialises corporate finance advising venture capital, private equity, ipos post-ipo funding and mergers acquisitions. kenneth one the leading lawyers blockchain and crypto-currency related lawyers singapore, and also sits the board ferrell asset management, and advisor kyber networks. lee tsun ngai advisor tsun ngai head business development kyber networks, has been working the data science sector and has been involved projects that span across fintech, financial sector and government agencies. has been involved the blockchain space since started out mining ether since was first launched and has helped and collaborated with various singapore blockchain startups. jeremy kerbel advisor jeremy director corporate markets (apac) glg. has been active angel investor blockchain start-ups and crypto-currency trader since and also serves strategic advisor crypto-currency exchange global dcx. francis gouten advisor francis gouten has over years experience the luxury industry, having been ceo richemont asia pacific, piaget. also board member fashion retailer i.t, and hotel operator louis xiii holdings macau. regina lam advisor with close years luxury and high end fashion, regina sought after recognized expert high end retail and luxury, having previously been ceo tom ford asia, staff international high end fashion brands) well top leadership positions lvmh, jean paul gaultier and the swank group. she currently ceo couronne management ltd, consultancy advising premium brands. francis srun advisor with over years experience spanning both high-end luxury, francis srun recognized expert luxury, having previously been managing director ralph lauren asia, piaget watches asia and boucheron asia. published "vendre luxe", book written french about selling luxury, presenting selling techniques and customer psychology. past present luxury projects founders the co-founders aditus comprise many veteran entrepreneurs, with deep experience, knowledge and connections within the luxury industries. some highlights include 'rendezvous' events luxury-insider.com large scale luxury events integrating yachts, real estate, private jets, watches, fashion and all aspects the luxury lifestyle each show attracts thousands ultra-affluent visitors past iterations include, jet rendezvous macau jet rendezvous changsha and and hainan rendezvous hai tian sheng yan (-) current shows: singapore rendezvous, phuket rendezvous and penang rendezvous luxury events are key part the aditus roll-out plan. (see user acquisition) the largest luxury portal asia-pacific, founded first sign luxury brands for online marketing campaigns served hundreds luxury clients for their digital campaigns voted luxury website marketing magazine over consecutive years acquired sph sera she heart media luxury rewards program partnering with visa and chinese banks cash-back rewards offered luxury brand boutiques hk, macau www.sera.cc leading luxury media company with events, print and digital owns numerous well-known luxury magazine brands: l'officiel singapore, l'officiel malaysia, men's folio, world watches, artrepublik, yacht style, palace also owns luxuo.com and singapore rendezvous, phuket rendezvous and penang rendezvous the luxury products and platforms currently control reach around affluent individuals, and serve hundreds luxury clients monthly. they are also where crypto-affluents will visit when looking for content the luxury lifestyle. these platforms will utilized the maximum promoting aditus. past clients luxury through our combined years experience luxury, have developed good trackrecord well long relationships with every major luxury brand, and hundreds lesserknown ones across every product category. note also that have been the forefront rolling out latest technological solutions clients, being the first sign brands for online advertising, and luxury brand stores for mobile marketing and mobile rewards programs. communicating, educating and rolling-out new technological solutions among luxury brands are forte our team. besides the luxury brands, have also strong working relationships with the companies that form the 'inner infrastructure' the luxury industry eg, concierge companies, rewards companies, membership clubs etc. will use these connections and knowledge recruit merchants onto our platform. diagram: small selection the founder's past luxury clients the aditus token (adi) role token the aditus token serves the following functions: discount token for service fees aditus platform cash-back purchase price access aditus services possible transaction currency within aditus ecosystem anticipate token demand from the following categories token holders: demand from crypto affluents they will need aditus tokens pay discounted service fees the aditus platform number crypto-affluents will continue grow. demand from fiat affluents they will acquire aditus tokens part our roll-out efforts (see user acquisition below) because our unique roll-out plans, and the difficulty that fiat-affluents still face getting even their first bitcoin, aditus might the first crypto-currency for many fiat-affluents, and the aditus app their first crypto-wallet. aditus will their gateway the world blockchain and crypto-currencies. demand from luxury merchants they will acquire aditus tokens create smart invitations reach aditus' users time slowing growth, the aditus tokens represent how luxury merchants will access this extremely attractive new customer community crypto-affluents roll-out road map user acquisition roll out many white papers are light describing roll-out plans, but aditus firmly believe that while the technical components are crucial, user acquisition and the ability build vibrant ecosystem are equally important determining whether token (and its company) gains value (and influence) over time. such have detailed our roll-out plans for aditus below: they fall into main heads: intensive marketing crypto communities through global and marketing physical roll out luxury events crypto and fiat-affluents outreach through the aditus foundation strategic partners each will explained detail below. intensive marketing crypto and fiat affluent communities will run global marketing and communication campaign reach crypto-affluents and fiatmillionaires highly interested crypto-currencies. will execute frequent communication our operational milestones reached. press releases and content marketing articles will pushed blockchain related websites (by our count >), well general lifestyle sites will also targeted. also wish work with partners reach out online communities closed social networks like telegram, membership forums etc. one our key competitive strengths here that aditus founders not only own luxury media platforms reaching more than million readers monthly, but are also known expert marketers. physical roll out luxury shows luxury shows (yacht shows, art shows, auctions etc) are ideal channels roll-out aditus. they attract millions affluent visitors every year, and represent extremely unique concentration high net worth individuals all one location (captive audience from marketing perspective). billions dollars are transacted these shows, the exhibitors these shows usually represent the creme-de creme luxury merchants. the fact that our co-founder olivier burlot experienced founder major luxury shows, and well-connected within the luxury space, also huge competitive advantage. olivier was one the co-founders hainan rendezvous, large-scale yacht and luxury show china. also presently co-owns, through heart media: singapore rendezvous, phuket rendezvous and penang rendezvous. how will roll out aditus luxury shows? aditus will used exhibitors (who are all luxury merchants) the engagement and lead generation platform for their booths. show attendees (fiat and crypto-affluents) will use the aditus app obtain invitations and information targeted their preferences, serving powerful complement the typical show catalogue. for certain shows, the aditus platform and tokens can also used for making in-show payments such for drinks even actual purchases goods. the diagram below shows the use aditus partner show. seen from the diagram above, the show environment really micro-universe how aditus will used generally. rolling out aditus luxury shows, have the advantage exposing merchants the benefits aditus directly, speeding merchant acquisition for our membership programs allowing users physically experience the aditus ecosystem action have the captive attention (and many cases physical booth space) answer questions directly from users indeed, the physical touch and feel factor extremely important luxury. aditus, being luxury product itself, will build trust and branding from this approach from the beginning. also notable our activities for the aditus foundation, which will also running parallel events for the shows (see .). update: june have promoted aditus the following shows: phuket rendezvous penang rendezvous art stage and numerous events with luxury merchants. for full details please read our official blog https://medium.com/aditusnetwork crypto and fiat millionaire outreach: aditus foundation crypto and fiat affluent communities will eventually merge all luxury purchases still occur physical stores, despite the presence and growth luxury e-commerce platforms over decade. the aditus foundation part our long term plan not only acquire users for aditus but play our part encouraging awareness and adoption both crypto-currencies and blockchain technologies. envision that the crypto-community will not remain insular for long. 'new blood' the form fiat millionaires entering the crypto-space only matter time, although there are currently many barriers entry and understanding. the aditus foundation has the twin goals evangelisation and education crypto-currency and blockchain use among hnwi and corporates encouraging interactions between crypto-affluents and fiat affluents activities the aditus foundation the aditus foundation will run frequent events, educational seminars and gatherings for both crypto-enthusiasts and fiat millionaires. will also run curated initial token sale selections which token companies will get chance present affluent individuals. besides the gatherings, will also run larger 'crypto-retreats' conjunction with the major luxury shows rolling out aditus. the first virtual currencies talk organized the aditus foundation october the talk was held the location the singapore rendezvous attracted over participants, equal mix crypto-affluents and fiataffluents. ico pitches were made along with many distinguished speakers from the blockchain and crypto-currency space. blockshow was one our partners. how the foundation helps user acquisition for the aditus platform through the activities the foundation, hope reach and 'convert' many more fiat millionaires into crypto-users. and believe for many these new users, the aditus wallet will their first crypto-currency wallet, and aditus will their first token. strategic partners the first luxury lifestyle rewards platform the crypto-currency space, aditus will have first mover advantage signing synergistic partnerships with partners. for eg: crypto-currency debit cards like tenx, monaco etc are ideal partners for they would all need rewards program complement their card. partnering with aditus allows them focus their mission-critical goal guaranteeing payment network stability while leaving the rewards components us. have already discussions with many prominent companies the space, and many are interested having co-branding partnerships which aditus designs special rewards programs for their users. some examples companies have secured partnerships with include kyber networks, digix global, and pundi when the aditus user base hits certain size, "old-world" companies like banks and luxury conglomerates will find impossible ignore. will able sign partnerships with them either acquire tokens for their operational use, cross-market aditus their customers. planned roll out time line (updated jun time dec activity notes initial token sale beta version aditus pay launched roll-out and/or publicity phuket rendezvous intensive online marketing for aditus aditus listed coinbene, mercatox, coss.io the following brands signed merchant partners aditus christofle luxury home furnishings global_ belair fine art art gallery europe, north america intensive online outreach crypto-community jumpstart secondary market transactions for aditus user merchant acquisition through the following shows: mar art basel hong kong apr i-property, kuala lumpur (tbc) may: penang rendez-vous the following brands signed merchant partners aditus lamborghini supercars singapore tecnomar yachts yachts global admiral yachts yachts global intensive and marketing will done after each milestone reached maintain buzz and interest token. work getting more merchants accept aditus payment currency through payment gateways. aditus pay officially launched service merchants. deep crypto-winter, aditus focuses revenue generation among the merchants signed earlier through the aditus pay component aditus pay makes revenues processing payments our merchants' clients who wish pay cryptocurrencies. launch aditus access the penang rendezvous new stable merchants will announced part the launch oct the following brands signed merchant partners aditus genesis global diamonds gemstones global market flyclever vanuatu citizenship investment global market yachtside charter yacht charters global boat lagoon charter yacht charters thailand sunseeker yachts superyachts thailand flyclever flight bookings concierge global l'voyage travel concierge global eligo milano suit maker global with both components our platform fully launched, the work becomes acquire users and merchants increase adoption build liquidity and secondary market for tokens expand ecosystem, build buzz, grow community conclusion the luxury lifestyle industry trillion-dollar business hungry for growth, and new cryptoaffluents and crypto-millionaires are being minted every day. even while the crypto-markets remains its infant stages, there unique opportunity seize the first mover advantage and the first serve huge neglected community affluent people through their lifestyle needs. that combined with our unique competitive advantages and our focused user acquisition plans, means are well placed build luxury lifestyle platform powered crypto-currencies, enjoyed thriving and motivated community made discerning individuals originating from both fiat and crypto-currencies the new crypto-currency economy. the successful execution our roll-out plan will cement aditus', and the aditus token's, position the core the luxury lifestyle within the new age crypto-currencies, influential and profitable position for platform be. important information please read this disclaimer section carefully. you are any doubt the action you should take, you should consult your legal, financial, tax other professional advisor(s). this white paper current form being circulated aditus pte. ltd. ("aditus") for general information only the aditus platform presently conceived, and subject review and revision the directors aditus, the board advisors and/or legal advisors aditus. this should not treated financial investment advice. please not replicate distribute any part this white paper without this section accompaniment. the information set forth below may not exhaustive and part this white paper intended create legal relations between recipient this white paper legally binding enforceable such recipient against aditus. updated version this white paper may published date determined and announced aditus due course. while make every effort ensure that any material this white paper accurate and date, such material way constitutes the provision professional advice. aditus does not guarantee, and accepts legal liability whatsoever arising from connected to, the accuracy, reliability, currency, completeness any material contained this white paper. investors and potential aditus token holders should seek appropriate independent professional advice prior relying on, entering into any commitment transaction based on, material published this white paper, which material purely published for reference purposes alone. aditus tokens are not intended constitute securities any form, units business trust, units collective investment scheme any other form regulated investment investment product any jurisdiction. this white paper does not constitute prospectus offer document any sort and not intended constitute offer securities any form, units business trust, units collective investment scheme any other form regulated investment investment product, solicitation for any form regulated investment investment product any jurisdiction. regulatory authority has examined approved any the information set out this white paper. such action has been will taken aditus obtain such approval under the laws, regulatory requirements rules any jurisdiction. the provision this white paper you does not imply that the applicable laws, regulatory requirements rules have been complied with. aditus this white paper does not constitute form part any opinion any advice purchase, sell otherwise transact with aditus tokens and the fact presentation this white paper shall not form the basis of, relied upon connection with, any contract investment decision. you are not eligible and you are not purchase any aditus tokens (a) you are located the united states america the people's republic china the time your intended purchase purchase aditus tokens the initial token sale ("its"); (b) you are citizen, resident (tax otherwise), domiciled in, green card holder the united states america citizen, domiciled in, resident the people's republic china ("excluded persons"). aditus token should construed, interpreted, classified treated enabling, according any opportunity to, purchasers participate receive profits, income, other payments returns arising from connection with the aditus tokens the proceeds the its, receive sums paid out such profits, income, other payments returns. person bound enter into any contract binding legal commitment relation the sale and purchase the aditus tokens, and cryptocurrency other form payment accepted the basis this white paper. any agreement between aditus and you purchaser, and relation any sale and purchase, aditus tokens governed only separate document setting out the terms and conditions (the "t&cs") such agreement. the event any inconsistencies between the t&cs and this white paper, the former shall prevail. there are risks and uncertainties associated with aditus and its business and operations, the aditus tokens, the aditus platform protocol and the its. please refer the section entitled "risks and disclosures" set out the end this white paper. this white paper, any part thereof and any copy thereof must not taken transmitted any country where distribution dissemination this white paper prohibited restricted. part this white paper reproduced, distributed disseminated without including this section and the following sections entitled "disclaimer liability", "no representations and warranties", "representations and warranties you", "cautionary note forward-looking statements", "third party information and consent other persons", "terms used", "no advice", "no further information update", "restrictions distribution and dissemination" and "risks and uncertainties". disclaimer liability the maximum extent permitted the applicable laws, regulations and rules, aditus shall not liable for any indirect, special, incidental, consequential other losses any kind, tort, contract otherwise (including but not limited loss revenue, income profits, and loss use data), arising out connection with any acceptance reliance this white paper any part thereof you. representations and warranties aditus does not make purport make, and hereby disclaims, any representation, warranty undertaking any form whatsoever any entity person, including any representation, warranty undertaking relation the truth, accuracy and completeness any the information set out this white paper. representations and warranties you accessing and/or accepting possession any information this white paper such part thereof (as the case may be), you represent and warrant aditus follows: you agree and acknowledge that the aditus tokens not constitute securities any form, units business trust, units collective investment scheme any other form regulated investment investment product any jurisdiction; ii. you are not excluded person, citizen resident country the laws which prohibit conflict with the its your participation the its; iii. you agree and acknowledge that this white paper does not constitute prospectus offer document any sort and not intended constitute offer securities any form, units business trust, units collective investment scheme any other form regulated investment investment product any jurisdiction, solicitation for any form regulated investment investment product, and you are not bound enter into any contract binding legal commitment and cryptocurrency other form payment accepted the basis this white paper; iv. you acknowledge and understand that aditus token should construed, interpreted, classified treated enabling, according any opportunity to, aditus tokenholders participate receive profits, income, other payments returns arising from connection with the aditus tokens the proceeds the its, receive sums paid out such profits, income, other payments returns; you agree and acknowledge that regulatory authority has examined approved the information set out this white paper, action has been will taken aditus obtain such approval under the laws, regulatory requirements rules any jurisdiction and the publication, distribution dissemination this white paper you does not imply that the applicable laws, regulatory requirements rules have been complied with; vi. you agree and acknowledge that this white paper, the undertaking and/or the completion the its, future trading aditus tokens any cryptocurrency exchange, shall not construed, interpreted deemed you indication the merits aditus, the aditus tokens, the its, and the aditus platform protocol; vii. the distribution dissemination this white paper, any part thereof any copy thereof, acceptance the same you, not prohibited restricted the applicable laws, regulations rules your jurisdiction, and where any restrictions relation possession are applicable, you have observed and complied with all such restrictions your own expense and without liability aditus; viii. you agree and acknowledge that the case where you wish purchase any aditus tokens, aditus tokens are not construed, interpreted, classified treated as: (i) any kind currency other than cryptocurrency; (ii) debentures, stocks shares issued any person entity; (iii) rights, options derivatives respect such debentures, stocks shares; (iv) rights under contract for differences under any other contract the purpose pretended purpose which secure profit avoid loss; (v) securities; (vi) units derivatives units business trust; (vii) units collective investment scheme; (viii) any form regulated investment investment product; ix. you are fully aware and understand that you are not eligible and you are not purchase any aditus tokens you are excluded person; you are legally permitted participate the its and all actions contemplated associated with such purchase, including the holding and use aditus tokens; xi. the amounts that you use purchase aditus tokens were not and are not directly indirectly derived from any activities that contravene the laws and regulations any jurisdiction, including anti-money laundering laws and regulations; xii. you are natural person, you are sufficient age and capacity under the applicable laws the jurisdiction which you reside and the jurisdiction which you are citizen participate the its; xiii. you are not obtaining using aditus tokens for any illegal purpose; xiv. none of: (i) you; (ii) any person controlling controlled you; (iii) you are privatelyheld entity, any person having beneficial interest you; (iv) any person for whom you are acting agent nominee connection with this its senior foreign political figure, any immediate family member close associate senior foreign political figure. "senior foreign political figure" defined senior official the executive, legislative, administrative, military judicial branch government (whether elected not), senior official major political party, senior executive foreign government-owned corporation, and includes any corporation, business other entity that has been formed by, for the benefit of, senior foreign political figure. "immediate family" senior foreign political figure typically includes such figure's parents, siblings, spouse, children and in-laws. "close associate" senior foreign political figure person who widely and publicly known maintain unusually close relationship with such senior foreign political figure, and includes person who position conduct substantial domestic and international financial transactions behalf such senior foreign political figure; xv. you are affiliated with non-u.s. banking institution ("foreign bank"), you receive deposits from, make payments behalf of, handle other financial transactions related foreign bank, you represent and warrant aditus that: (i) the foreign bank has fixed address, and not solely electronic address, country which the foreign bank authorized conduct banking activities; (ii) the foreign bank maintains operating records related its banking activities; (iii) the foreign bank subject inspection the banking authority that licensed the foreign bank conduct its banking activities; and (iv) the foreign bank does not provide banking services any other foreign bank that does not have physical presence any country and that not regulated affiliate; xvi. you have basic degree understanding the operation, functionality, usage, storage, transmission mechanisms and other material characteristics cryptocurrencies, blockchain-based software systems, cryptocurrency wallets other related token storage mechanisms, blockchain technology and smart contract technology; xvii. you are fully aware and understand that the case where you wish purchase any aditus tokens, there are risks associated with aditus and its businesses and operations, aditus tokens, the aditus platform protocol and the its; xviii. you bear the sole responsibility determine what tax implications purchasing aditus tokens may have for you and agree not hold aditus any other person involved the its liable for any tax liability associated with arising therefrom; xix. you agree and acknowledge that aditus not liable for any direct, indirect, special, incidental, consequential other losses any kind, tort, contract otherwise (including but not limited loss revenue, income profits, and loss use data), arising out connection with any acceptance reliance this white paper any part thereof you; xx. you waive the right participate class action lawsuit class wide arbitration against aditus and/or any person involved the its and/or with the creation and distribution aditus tokens; and xxi. all the above representations and warranties are true, complete, accurate and nonmisleading from the time your access and/or acceptance possession this white paper such part thereof (as the case may be). cautionary note forward-looking statements all statements contained this white paper, statements made press releases any place accessible the public and oral statements that may made aditus its directors, executive officers employees acting behalf aditus (as the case may be), that are not statements historical fact, constitute "forward-looking statements". some these statements can identified forward-looking terms such "aim", "target", "anticipate", "believe", "could", "estimate", "expect", "if", "intend", "may", "plan", "possible", "probable", "project", "should", "would", "will" other similar terms. however, these terms are not the exclusive means identifying forward-looking statements. all statements regarding aditus's business strategies, plans and prospects and the future prospects the industry which aditus are forward-looking statements. these forward-looking statements, including but not limited statements aditus's prospects, future plans, other expected industry trends and other matters discussed this white paper regarding aditus are matters that are not historic facts, but only predictions. these forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause the actual future results, performance achievements aditus materially different from any future results, performance achievements expected, expressed implied such forward-looking statements. these factors include, amongst others: (a) changes political, social, economic and stock cryptocurrency market conditions, and the regulatory environment the countries which aditus conducts its business and operations; (b) the risk that aditus may unable execute implement its business strategies and future plans; (c) changes interest rates and exchange rates fiat currencies and cryptocurrencies; (d) changes the anticipated growth strategies and expected internal growth aditus and the aditus platform; (e) changes the availability and fees payable aditus connection with its businesses and operations the aditus platform; (f) changes the availability and salaries employees who are required aditus operate their respective businesses and operations; (g) changes preferences users the aditus platform; (h) changes competitive conditions under which aditus operates, and the ability aditus compete under such conditions; (i) changes the future capital needs aditus and the availability financing and capital fund such needs; (j) war acts international domestic terrorism; (k) occurrences catastrophic events, natural disasters and acts god that affect the businesses and/or operations aditus; (l) other factors beyond the control aditus; and (m) any risk and uncertainties associated with aditus and its business and operations, the aditus tokens, the aditus platform protocol and the its. all forward-looking statements made attributable aditus persons acting behalf aditus are expressly qualified their entirety such factors. given that risks and uncertainties that may cause the actual future results, performance achievements aditus materially different from that expected, expressed implied the forward-looking statements this white paper, undue reliance must not placed these statements. these forward-looking statements are applicable only the date this white paper. neither aditus nor any other person represents, warrants and/or undertakes that the actual future results, performance achievements aditus will discussed those forward-looking statements. the actual results, performance achievements aditus may differ materially from those anticipated these forward-looking statements. nothing contained this white paper may relied upon promise, representation undertaking the future performance policies aditus. further, aditus disclaims any responsibility update any those forward-looking statements publicly announce any revisions those forward-looking statements reflect future developments, events circumstances, even new information becomes available other events occur the future. third party information and consent other persons this white paper includes information obtained from various third party sources ("third party information"). none the publishers the third party information has consented the inclusion the third party information this white paper and therefore not liable for the third party information. while aditus has taken reasonable action ensure that the third party information have been included their proper form and context, neither aditus, nor its directors, executive officers and employees acting its behalf, has independently verified the accuracy, reliability, completeness the contents, ascertained any applicable underlying assumption, the relevant third party information. consequently, neither aditus nor its directors, executive officers and employees acting their behalf makes any representation warranty the accuracy, reliability completeness such information and shall not obliged provide any updates the same. terms used facilitate better understanding the aditus tokens being offered for purchase aditus, and the businesses and operations aditus, certain technical terms and abbreviations, well as, certain instances, their descriptions, have been used this white paper. these descriptions and assigned meanings should not treated being definitive their meanings and may not correspond standard industry meanings usage. words importing the singular shall, where applicable, include the plural and vice versa and words importing the masculine gender shall, where applicable, include the feminine and neuter genders and vice versa. references persons shall include corporations. advice information this white paper should considered business, legal, financial tax advice regarding aditus, the aditus tokens, the aditus platform protocol, the its. you should consult your own legal, financial, tax other professional advisor regarding aditus and its business and operations, the aditus tokens, the aditus platform protocol, and the its. you should aware that you may required bear the financial risk any exchange for aditus tokens for indefinite period time. further information update person has been authorised give any information representation not contained this white paper connection with aditus and its business and operations, the aditus tokens, the aditus platform protocol, the its and, given, such information representation must not relied upon having been authorised behalf aditus. the its shall not, under any circumstances, constitute continuing representation create any suggestion implication that there has been change, development reasonably likely involve material change the affairs, conditions and prospects aditus any statement fact information contained this white paper since the date hereof. restrictions distribution and dissemination the distribution dissemination this white paper any part thereof may prohibited restricted the laws, regulatory requirements and rules any jurisdiction. the case where any restriction applies, you are inform yourself about, and observe, any restrictions which are applicable your possession this white paper such part thereof (as the case may be) your own expense and without liability aditus. persons whom copy this white paper has been distributed disseminated, provided access who otherwise have the white paper their possession shall not circulate any other persons, reproduce otherwise distribute this white paper any information contained herein for any purpose whatsoever nor permit cause the same occur. risks and uncertainties prospective purchasers aditus tokens should carefully consider and evaluate all risks and uncertainties associated with aditus and its business and operations, the aditus tokens, the aditus platform protocol, and the its, and all information set out this white paper and the t&cs prior any purchase the aditus tokens. any such risks and uncertainties develops into actual events, the business, financial condition, results operations and prospects aditus could materially and adversely affected. such cases, you may lose all part the value the aditus tokens.