the adchain registry may st, mike goldin consensys ameen soleimani consensys james young metax copyright metaxchain, inc. contact hello@metax.io introduction the unwitting purchase bot traffic digital advertising markets defrauds advertisers over billion annually. opaque supply chains provide cover for botnet operators who hide behind the black boxes exchanges and deep within unauditable networks. because supply chain entities downstream from the advertiser are generally paid cost per mille ("cpm") basis, their incentive alignment towards maximizing impressions irrespective whether those impressions are from human eyeballs bots. because botting cheap and hard detect, may even economically rational for downstream entities knowingly serve ads bots. buyers are increasingly frustrated having their money stolen. while programmatic buying undoubtedly the path forward for quantifying the value buys relative direct dealing and the highest growth area digital advertising, programmatic is, present, morass for quantifying efficacy advertising non-installable goods. the behaviors humans web pages are easily mimicked bots and the flagging bot network signatures essentially cat and mouse game. this leaves advertisers mostly powerless against the incentive structure the downstream supply chain. the adchain registry decentrally-owned domain whitelist being launched collaboration consensys, metax, and data marketing association (dma), industry group with active members and over participants. adtoken holders play incentivized voting game determine whether applicant the registry legitimate and reputable publisher not. token holders realize upside for the volume impressions served publishers the registry; rather, they realize upside seeing the number publishers applying and renewing listings the registry increase. long the registry kept clean bot traffic, advertisers will want service bid requests from its registrants. long advertisers desire service bid requests from registrants, registrants will desire renew their listings and unlisted publishers will desire apply for listings. token holders are incentivized keep fraudulent applicants out the registry voting judiciously maintain this virtuous cycle. the adchain registry the adchain registry smart contract the ethereum blockchain which stores domain names accredited non-fraudulent adtoken holders. the presence the domain foo.net the registry means that adtoken holders have recently assessed that domain belongs legitimate publisher with real human audience. the registry also exposes both interface with which token holders propose new domains listed, and one challenge such proposals. interface for token holders vote outcomes when challenges are raised also exposed. "ad fraud estimates double". wpp. business insider. march "the methbot operation". whiteops. page december "chase had ads sites. then just same results.". sapna maheshwari. the new york times. march "interview with machinezone ceo gabe leydon". recode. february "mystery shopping inside the fraud verification bubble". shailin dhar. june pg. finally, interface exposed with which adtoken holders can vote reparameterize constant factors the registry, such the period over which listing applications are challengeable. listing applications and data apply for listing the adchain registry, the applicant supplies domain name such foo.net and adtoken deposit. the application sits application pool for the duration challenge period. challenges are raised against the application over the course the challenge period, the domain added the registry. listings the adchain registry are only valid for finite period time. because domain names can sold degrade quality over time, high quality domain today may low quality tomorrow. registrants can apply renew listing prior the lapse its accreditation, and successful renewal will cause interruption the domain's accreditation status. when listing's accreditation lapses, the adtoken deposit made with the original listing application can withdrawn the applicant. listings may include additional, optional metadata such whether the registrant accepts bat payments attestation compliance with tin indu standards. challenging applications for listing applications for apparently fraudulent low quality domains will challenged rational adtoken holders. initiate challenge against listing application during its challenge period, token holder must deposit sum adtoken equal the deposit made the applicant. doing initiates voting period during which token holders engage token-weighted vote which determines whether applicant admitted. the voting scheme commit-reveal and derives from colony's partial-lock token weighted voting system. "basic attention token (bat)". brave software. may pg. the challenge settled favor the applicant, the challenger's deposit forfeited and the applicant's domain listed the adchain registry. the challenge settled favor the challenger, the applicant's deposit forfeited and the applicant's domain not listed the adchain registry. applicants can reapply for listing often they like their application fails. when the vote concludes percentage the forfeited deposit awarded directly the winning party the challenge (either the applicant the challenger) special dispensation. the remainder the deposit divided proportionally among token voters the winning bloc token weight. voters the losing bloc receive nothing. the deposit the winning party the challenge always returned them. tokens locked for voting are always returned their owners regardless whether they were cast with the majority the minority. only the deposit the losing party the challenge redistributed and not recoverable its original owner. parameterization the registry there are constant ("magic number") values the adchain registry. the registry will instantiated with reasonable values based the best estimations the creators, but all these will changeable adtoken holders who may vote reparameterize the registry. parameterized values mentioned far include: application deposit amounts, the duration the challenge period, the duration registration's validity, the duration the commit and reveal periods token votes and the size the special dispensation made the winning party token votes. parameters the governance system itself may votable well, such the share tokens required initiate reparameterization. example how the parameterization constant values the registry affects the mechanics the game, consider the special dispensation awarded challenge winners. rational actors should only pg. challenge listing applications based calculation potential earnings, which function the challenger's expected payout and confidence winning the token vote. the challenger stands lose their deposit they lose the token vote, win some amount over their original deposit they win the token vote. the special dispensation set rational challenger must above confident their ability win token vote raise challenge. thus the percentage the applicant's deposit allocated special dispensation for the challenger determines the confidence level above which rational challenger will submit challenges. the adtoken supply non-votable, and adtoken can neither minted nor destroyed. the ,,, adtoken deployed upon instantiation will the set number adtoken perpetuity. the virtuous incentive structure between advertisers, publishers and adtoken holders most payments digital advertising occur cpm basis. the cpm model creates misaligned incentives and the source many issues the digital advertising supply chain. advertiser pays publisher some fixed amount per thousand impressions and this constitutes cpm. the problem with the cpm model that impressions are exceptionally weak indicator actual attention spending viewers. this part due the fact that impressions are highly abstract notions which different vendors assess different ways. vendors downstream from the advertiser are incentivized assess what constitutes impression loosely possible. malicious publisher the advertiser publisher example has real incentive report any page view less than full impression. indeed, because easy for bots impersonate human behavior web pages, often economically rational for publisher buy bot impressions and report them the advertiser legitimate. the advertiser incentivized scrutinize the impression data they receive carefully, but the task essentially non-computable and devolves statistical guessing. this problem exacerbated the large number intermediaries typical programmatic supply chain. single impression can transact between dozens parties that sit between the advertiser and the publisher. the incentive structure the publisher identical all those parties downstream the advertiser, since anybody who reports fraud down the line forfeits revenue for themselves doing so. the key innovation the adchain registry that incentivizes the curation reputable supply pool decoupling the incentives the registry owners (adtoken holders) from cpms. token holders have one concern, which flag fraudulent and low quality applicants the pool and win votes reject those applications. the simple schelling point for these votes around whether the applicant fraudulent low-quality; voters acting rationally should settle blocs for against acceptance the basis their assessment those qualities. voters who act rationally and perform good diligence will rewarded. less diligent voters the losing side incur opportunity cost without upside for having locked their adtoken uselessly over the duration the voting period. final point must understood close the loop the virtuous incentive cycle between advertisers, publishers and token holders. "meta" schelling point for voting behavior challenges not explicitly whether the applicant fraudulent not, but what outcome the vote will increase the value there chance deposit and chance deposit. (.)(-) (.)(.) pg. adtoken. while this notion should very tightly coupled the notion fraudulence, useful consider its own right. consider that the challenge game only available play when there are applicants the applicant pool. the applicant pool will only have applicants while publishers desire make renew listings the adchain registry. publishers will only desire make renew listings the adchain registry while advertisers desire service bid requests for space from publishers that registry. advertisers, turn, will only desire service bid requests for space from publishers the adchain registry while the registry considered clean relative other networks and whitelists. this being the case, token holders are incentivized keep the registry clean initiating challenges against suspect applicants and voting remove apparently fraudulent listings. the game design the adchain registry, with its deposits and voting, has lot common with proofof-stake consensus blockchains. the key difference that blockchains verify blocks, which computable, while adchain verifies domains non-fraudulent, which not. adchain thus explores the general pattern using collateralized consensus mechanisms establish single sources truth noncomputable domains. adchain does not aim solve advertising fraud directly, simply allows the advertising industry agree what fraud is, and where draw the line. practical utilization the registry the adchain registry provides high-quality, zero-cost whitelist from which advertisers can read assess whether not service inbound bid requests opportunities. the minimal contents listing the adchain registry, however, are nothing more than domain name and indicator the listing's accreditation status. assuming the absence any authentication scheme, foo.net accredited registrant the adchain registry bot farm could trivially impersonate foo.net simply changing the origin headers their bid request messages. advertisers need protect themselves from the trivial attack which bot farms impersonate adchain registrants spoofing origin headers. while the registry itself unopinionated this matter, will useful for the industry settle uniform way authenticating themselves one another. the use bidirectional authentication using transport layer security (tls), widely deployed and battle-tested suite technologies, can address this. the unidirectional handshake protocols tls underpin authentication for https connections the web. bidirectional tls handshakes underpin authentication the widely used ssh (secure shell) protocol. this section also discusses tools which will provided metax enable token holders easily interact with the adchain registry, and partnership with data marketing association, industry group with active members and over participants which has agreed help move the project forward with the existing industry. pg. mutual authentication using tls pushing authentication out the application layer and into widely used transport layer technology like tls, adchain registrants can conduct commerce rtb, vast, vpaid any other markup format including ones which not exist yet. also means existing production-ready software can leveraged perform the authentication, and onboarding costs for new users become low few lines webserver config file. bidirectional tls authentication using certificate signing keys the web https regime will suffice authenticate users adchain. advertiser servicing bid request with headers indicating origin foo.net will ask the sender mutually authenticate the tls handshake. the recipient will expect authentication performed with key authenticable using ssl certificate for foo.net issued trusted certificate authority. the advertiser's server implements the following branching logic: can this client perform mutual authentication over tls? yes, did the client authenticate properly the tls handshake? yes, does this domain have listing the adchain registry? the answer any those questions "no", the server branches off execute arbitrary logic handle that case. supporting the authentication adchain members does not mean advertisers must forgo business with non-adchain members. the supply side, entities serving bid requests must able authenticate tls sessions using the certificate signing key the registrant whose domain listing they solicit bids for. technically savvy publishers may choose simply run their own servers retain control their certificate signing keys. most publishers, however, are used working with vendors who solicit bids and return markup without requiring they anything more than embed javascript their webpage. adopting mutual authentication means vendors must either apply for listing the adchain registry interface with publisher-controlled signing servers. rational token voters should biased towards rejecting vendor applications because vendors aggregating supply from multiple publishers are difficult audit and can easily hide bot traffic amongst their legitimate traffic. the signing server approach likely happy middle-ground: deploying signing server should not difficult even for relatively unsophisticated publishers who desire retain control their certificate signing keys, and the task can entrusted specialized service providers well. another possibility for publishers simply entrust their certificate signing keys proxies who work their behalf. sharing certificate signing key requires high trust the proxy, but sophisticated vendors may able build businesses using this model. pg. interfaces for voting while the adchain registry will smart contract the public ethereum blockchain available for anybody's equal use, metax intends provide user interface wrapping the registry such that token holders can participate the voting process through web browser. this interface will enable token holders apply for listings, open challenges, vote challenges and vote the parameterization the registry itself. while this interface will optional, should make participation accessible much larger audience. because the nature smart contracts public blockchains, anybody will able write their own gui wrappers should they choose. interaction with the registry through tools like metamask, myetherwallet, mist command line will obviously work well. partnership with data marketing association "it's inspiring see smart start-ups take providing innovative solutions challenges our industry that are resulting fraud and injuring marketers' relationships with their customers. the only trade association marketing and advertising that represents all parts the ecosystem equally, dma eager see its members, like metax, provide innovative and trust-based solutions that support the client and supply sides our industry around ad-fraud and other system-wide pain points." thomas benton, ceo data marketing association (dma) data marketing association ("dma") industry group representing over organizations both the demand and supply sides the digital advertising ecosystem. dma has agreed advocate behalf adchain well evangelize the technology through education and training. dma has vested interest making the adchain registry success and stop fraud from continuing harm its members. metax will providing dma with technical training about blockchain technology well marketing materials, demos and actionable metrics that prove the adchain value proposition. dma will also serve proud member the adchain association (aca), nonprofit governing body formulated oversee best practices regarding the adchain protocol. project governance unique feature adchain relative other tokenized protocols its ambition tackle massive problem facing existing industry providing governance tools members that industry, and onboarding the industry starting top-down. brave, gnosis, golem, melonport, singulardtv and the like are creating blockchain platforms rival existing platforms but are designed grow from the bottom-up, which certainly valid approach. the design adchain was motivated from the outset the challenge onboarding the existing advertising technology industry. the complexity this platform not entirely captured the protocol itself, but the interaction between the protocol and existing industry players. the protocol intentionally simple for this reason; the system were too complex would too difficult for industry players determine their place within and optimal strategies, which would slow adoption. pg. this project's governance will likely pivotal factor its long-term success. consensys, metax and dma collectively bring bear expertise blockchains, digital advertising, and influence the advertising industry itself project whose success will require all three. organizations involved consensys venture production studio building decentralized applications, systems, developer and end-user tools for the ethereum blockchain. founded brooklyn consensys global organization with employees six continents. consensys' enterprise consulting organization designs and builds ethereum-based blockchain infrastructure for fortune companies. consensys was the incubator for both the blockapps and gnosis companies. consensys' advertising technology practice which will building applications and services around adchain called cat. metax blockchain technology company committed the development and adoption open platforms for the digital advertising industry. the company based los angeles and allows the digital advertising supply chain coordinate scalable, trustworthy and secure way. sign for company updates, please visit: http://metax.io data marketing association, about dma (www.thedma.org): founded and driving the data and marketing agenda for full century, data marketing association ("dma") champions deeper consumer engagement and business value through the innovative and responsible use data-driven marketing. the dma's brand-leading membership made over organizations who are today's innovative tech and data firms, marketers, agencies, service providers and media companies. representing the entire marketing ecosystem--demand side and supply side--and engaging more than industry professionals annually, dma uniquely positioned convene and guide the industry bring win/win solutions the market, and ensure that innovative and disruptive marketing technology and techniques can quickly applied for roi. dma advances the data-driven marketing industry and serves its members through four principal pillars leadership: advocating for marketers' ability responsibly gather and refine detailed data identify and fulfill customer needs and interests; innovating bring solutions forward the data marketing ecosystem's most vexing challenges; educating today's members the data marketing ecosystem grow and lead marketing organizations the ever-increasing omnichannel world; and connecting industry participants stay current, learn best practices and gain access emerging solutions through &then the largest global event for data-driven marketing and dma's portfolio other live events. the adchain association (aca) tandem with the launch the adchain registry, independent, nonprofit, and democratic governance body for the members the ecosystem and adtoken holders will established (aca). the details this non-profit entity are still being finalized and will shared publicly once confirmed. it's mandate will give developers open platform develop, deliver, and enhance secondary services that will attract more and more publishers the registry. time goes likely that the association will replaced other, more innovative governance methods such pg. decentralized autonomous organization (dao). creating formal legal body the onset, however, important first step this process. team mike goldin mike began working applications for the ethereum blockchain during the summer intern consensys, where worked the smart contract backend for ujo music. joined consensys fulltime after graduating from columbia university with degree computer science. worked software developer and architect the consensys enterprise group and now the technical lead for consensys adtech. ameen soleimani ameen has been software developer consensys since the summer outside adchain, his projects include peer-to-peer energy markets, decentralized hedge funds, and state channels research. prior joining consensys, ameen studied chemical engineering rensselaer polytechnic institute, founded potomoc code camp teach middle schoolers programming fundamentals, and founded filter, personalized news reader. now the founder moloch ventures, blockchain venture production studio with focus state channels and tokenized smart contract platforms. mark d'agostino mark has spent the past decade management consulting, specifically focused the financial services industry. prior joining consensys managing partner the enterprise group, mark built out deloitte's blockchain market offering. has successfully delivered ethereum based applications fortune banks, global energy companies and governments. over his career, has served clients such aig, blackrock, citi, ge, jpm, lehman brothers, mastercard, and pfizer. the adchain collaboration, mark drives strategy and business development. miguel morales miguel morales experienced full stack engineer focusing product development, architecture, and agile processes. specializes building for large-scale systems and data management platforms. morales has deep vertical expertise building for the adtech ecosystem, especially mobile and programmatic-driven initiatives. currently product engineer metax, leading efforts adchain initiatives and related metax-developed dapps. recently worked zerox and the mobile majority. james young james has years software development experience specializing streaming video network design and social/mobile game development. his first startup acquisition happened when working intervu (the first video cdn), which was later acquired akamai). has also worked large enterprise companies like, cisco and notable startups like zynga. tried get job hotwired during the prehipster era the internet and has been interested the open web ever since. for instance, the aragon project (http://aragon.one) presents smart contract framework for constructing and upgrading decentralized autonomous organizations (daos). pg. ken brook iii serial entrepreneur, ken has built technology companies from the ground since his most recent accomplishment co-founding and serving ceo metax, the first platform unlock the blockchain for digital advertising. most recently, ken founded and currently still serves ceo vidroll, video technology and monetization partner for premium content publishers. previously, ken started streamroll media, cross-screen adtech company, and earlier his career held positions both traditional and digital media. advisors raleigh harbour raleigh seasoned executive with nearly years experience saas software, online media, digital advertising, and business services. raleigh currently serves managing partner aton fortis, strategic advisory firm working with technology start-ups the area. previously, raleigh was svp client services operations for aol, leading team responsible for transforming aol into scalable platform company. raleigh joined aol via its acquisition adap.tv, where was coo, responsible for the company's global operations. prior adap.tv, raleigh was svp business corporate development for the rubicon project. raleigh holds from the university virginia and mba from the university chicago. shailin dhar one the few genuinely independent fraud consultants, shailin the author uncommon sense for tech, authoritative text adtech, providing unparalleled level detail the topic. having worked years programmatic trader, and having gained first-hand experience poorly understood, yet widely used practices arbitrage and traffic sourcing, shailin brings the adtech industry breadth knowledge only few can claim. ranging from meticulously thought out play-books for highly competitive media investment, the dark arts the adtech underbelly. use proceeds adchain use proceeds pg. roadmap june adtoken launch august experimental registry deployed september header bidding peer peer exchange october launch dapp bounty program january data markets august challenges registry applications are opened all token holders february full decentralization, registry applications are opened all token holders token launch details the collaboration between consensys and metax began after introduction from mutual friend, yorke rhodes, blockchain leader within microsoft, and has been ongoing for over year. the platform itself has been through multiple iterations and redesigns over the past six months after receiving feedback from community members, industry participants and legal advisors. over the past year, consensys and metax decided pre-sell the future tokens order fund development, onboard industry participants such the dma and their members orgs, and pay for legal analyses. the pre-sale tokens were specifically identified participants who have interest seeing the adchain platform become transformative protocol within the advertising technology industry. the pre-sale tokens represent million the billion tokens distributed the public launch, contemplated take place late june, the token breakdown follows: million distributed public token sale with cap million sold million reserved for metax, per the time lock schedule detailed below million reserved for consensys, per the time lock schedule detailed below million sold fund development via multiple pre-sale agreements (as described above) consensys and metax will jointly deliver the roadmap outlined this white paper. the belief consensys and metax that token launches this ecosystem may naive selling upwards during their first "token round." typical startups would exhibit even greater failure rate they limited their startup capital only one funding round. consensys and metax believe better sell tokens over time adchain achieves its targeted adoption milestones across the digital advertising industry and ii) consensys and metax continue develop and release new advancements the adchain protocol. such, consensys and metax believe the best interest the platform retain the tokens after the first public sale. this gives the adchain team flexibility initiate future token sales warranted. consensys and metax plan use part the retained tokens held escrow bounties for the community build specifically desired functionality. after year one when governance more fully fleshed out the adchain protocol, consensys and metax plan post tokens escrow and have token pg. holders vote whether not submissions satisfy requirements our bounties this ensures that consensys and metax push further into decentralized control over the adchain system. signal the level commitment both consensys and metax have for this system, each entity has agreed lock all their tokens with the following unlocking schedule: unlocked year after public sale remaining tokens unlocked months after public sale future work adchain the adchain registry and tls authentication scheme proposed production-ready support serverside header bidding. conduct server-side header bidding means publisher its proxy solicits bid requests from the demand side directly, without exchange acting intermediary. server-side header bidding has been gaining traction advertising technology independently the rise blockchains because provides bid transparency publishers and removes middleman from the demand-supply relationship. works well with adchain because peer-to-peer technology which maps onto many the design patterns becoming prevalent the emerging field cryptosystems. one factor which has impeded the adoption header bidding throughout the industry the problem "discovery", identifying the entity the other side inbound bid request. the adchain registry breakthrough for discovery header bidding, the bid request recipient can determine whether otherwise unknown entity reputable simply authenticating over tls and checking whether has adchain listing. long-term objective bring the benefits blockchains and the adchain registry users whose needs cannot fully satisfied server-side header bidding. enabling discovery for client-side header bidding will highly desirable the web decentralizes, and supporting authentication over multi-hop supply chains will breakthrough necessary for the construction fully programmatic ad-hoc supply chains. using blockchains and content-addressed file systems verify the delivery and display markup could eliminate entire category fraud. strong attribution identity-linked actions holy grail for programmatic web advertising potentially made possible open identity systems such uport. discovery for client-side header bidding like server-side header bidding, client-side header bidding disintermediates exchanges and enables supply engage commerce with demand directly and peer-to-peer. the name implies, client-side header bidding requests originate the browser rather than publisher-controlled server. because secrets cannot safely stored browsers, authenticating supply when requests originate the browser cannot done using bidirectional tls. may become feasible utilize emerging client-side signing standards construct something like adchain user registry, even function open attestation "envisioning the future server-side header bidding world". rachel parkin. adexchanger. february pg. mappings existing identity system. rather than authenticate the publisher, should possible authenticate the user. deep supply chain auditing the adchain registry allows for advertisers authenticate bid requesters registrants clean pool supply direct, peer-to-peer manner. practice, most exchange today conducted over multi-hop supply chains. our approach for authentication using mutual tls not useful for authentication between entities supply chain which are not directly connected with one another. this say, one can authenticate the individual they are speaking with, but not who that individual speaking for in-band bidirectional tls itself ("i bar.net. working for baz.net who working for foo.net"). will require novel application-layer authentication logic involving diffs markup and signature bundling. creative verification registry could used allow adchain members register hashes individual creative assets and metadata. the metadata could include the creative media type, its iab content taxonomy categorization and its dimensions, for example. this registry could used proactive verification creative throughout the supply chain, allow publishers blacklist classes ads metadata. tracker tag registry registry that allows analytics providers register hash their javascript tracking tags. these tags are used track user engagement with advertisements web pages, but are sometimes corrupted hackers and used malware vectors install ransomware the computers unsuspecting people surfing the web. the adchain community could enforce vetting process for new tracker tags, and publishers could verify tracking tags before running them, would harder spread malware through advertising. strong attribution for identity-linked actions holy grail web advertising technology demand-centric attribution protocol with provable performance metrics. when advertisers pay for performance rather than impressions, longer matters whether impression human bot; the impression results purchase, the advertiser's ultimate objective has been met. general, attribution for actions web advertising low-quality. very difficult measure whether product was purchased the result the purchaser having viewed advertisements unless the purchase happens click-through. even then, remains difficult attribute credit for that purchase advertisements for the same product the user may have viewed previously different publisher sites. advertisers simply not know whether what they are doing really works, and publishers are disinclined provide such information because more profitable for them bill eyeballs than performance. cookie-syncing and all the black magic adtech the web has not produced good attribution technology for the open web to-date. open identity systems running blockchains have the potential pg. provide all the richness and assurance data harvestable closed social media platforms and finally provide the kernel persistence necessary for strong attributions the open web. advanced voting and governance systems adtoken holders are able participate directly voting applications for listing the adchain registry. will desirable empower adtoken holders safely delegate their votes smart contracts like gnosis prediction markets, trusted representatives similar vein proof-of-work mining pool participation. another direction explore time-locking tokens used voting, which has been discussed vitalik buterin and others. time-locking tokens used voting could increase voter stake the adchain community beyond the tactical game vote outcomes, because positions could only exited over strategic timeframe. impression tracking beyond facilitating discovery for peer-to-peer header bidding, adchain can also extended function accounting tool for near-realtime impression tracking. for traditional contracts with day settlement cycles, discrepancies impression reporting between parties are not discovered until the contract complete. discrepancies tracked impressions commonly reach some these are intrinsic browsers and networks and come from latency, network connection errors, blockers, and differences between server spam filtering techniques. the widespread acceptance discrepancies across the industry, however, exploited through fraudulent tampering metrics and misreporting impressions. using state channels, advanced technique which allows for secure off-chain transactions that are instant, private, and cost zero gas, impression events can synchronized between peers real time, eliminating category fraud. the state channel implementation track impressions has already been prototyped and the code and documentation github here: https://github.com/adchain/admarket. once deployed, this will the first production-ready state channel implementation, and will operating web scale, with the ability process billions impressions per day, secured smart contracts ethereum. micropayments and true three-sided advertising market described above, the first admarket implementation will primarily used for accounting; the actual payments will happen out-of-band through traditional bank transfers. time, the admarket state channel implementation will transition true micropayments system. this system, advertisers will pay publishers tiny amounts every cleared impression, settled periodically on-chain. through ethereum wallet browser extensions such metamask, users will also able participate the market for their attention automatically paying the publishers the websites they visit the fair "on coin-lock voting, futarchy and optimal decentralized governance". vitalik buterin. reddit. "third-party discrepancies". google doubleclick. pg. market value their advertisements order respectfully block their ads. further, users choose not block ads, publishers can choose share their advertising earnings with them. real time data streams the adchain protocols can extended facilitate discovery and purchase real-time data streams user engagement with advertisements for micropayments over state channels. this can either sold advertisers and publishers who capture this data or, what would represent paradigm shift, users themselves. users with ethereum wallet browser extensions could capture and store their own data, and sell authenticated data streams linked their identities (if they choose) analytics providers, advertising retargeters and resellers, and other buyers. pg.