innovation impactful integrity aenco ecosystem global healthtech blockchain financial solutions whitepaper legal disclaimer this whitepaper for information purposes only and may subject change. aenco solutions limited ("aenco") cannot guarantee the accuracy the statements made conclusions reached this whitepaper. aenco does not make and expressly disclaims all representations and warranties (whether express implied statute otherwise) whatsoever, including but not limited to: any representations warranties relating merchantability, fitness for particular purpose, description, suitability non-infringement; that the contents this document are accurate and free from any errors; and that such contents not infringe any third party rights. aenco shall have liability damages any kind arising out the use, reference reliance the contents this whitepaper. this whitepaper may contain references third-party data and industry publications. far aenco aware, the information reproduced this whitepaper accurate and that its estimates and assumptions are reasonable. however, there are assurances the accuracy completeness this information. although information and data reproduced this whitepaper are believed have been obtained from reliable sources, have not independently verified any the information data from third party sources referred this whitepaper ascertained the underlying assumptions relied upon such sources. the date publication this whitepaper, aenco not aware any potential uses outside the aenco ecosystem and are currently not permitted sold otherwise traded third-party exchanges. this whitepaper does not constitute advice nor recommendation aenco, its officers, directors, manager, employees, agents, advisors, consultants, any other person any recipient this paper the merits participation the aenco token sale. participation the aenco token sale carries substantial risk that could lead loss all substantial portion funds used purchase the token. promises future performance value are will made with respect tokens, including promise inherent value, promise continuing payments, and guarantee that aen tokens will hold any particular value. unless prospective participants fully understand and accept the nature aenco's proposed business and the potential risks inherent aen tokens, they should not participate the aenco token sale. aen tokens are not being structured sold securities. aen tokens are not participation aenco and aen tokens hold rights aenco. aen tokens are sold with intended future functionality and access the platform developed aenco and all proceeds received during the token sale may spent freely, aenco. this whitepaper does not constitute prospectus offering document and not offer sell, nor the solicitation offer buy any investment financial instrument any jurisdiction. aen tokens should not acquired for speculative investment purposes with the expectation making investment return. regulatory authority has examined approved any the information set out this whitepaper. such action has been will taken under the laws, regulatory requirements rules any jurisdiction. the publication, distribution, dissemination this whitepaper does not imply that applicable laws, regulatory requirements rules have been complied with. aen tokens could impacted regulatory action and changes, including potential restrictions the ownership, use, possession such tokens. regulators other competent authorities may demand that aen tokens revises the mechanics and functionality aen tokens comply with regulatory requirements other governmental business obligations. nevertheless, aenco believe they have taken commercially reasonable steps ensure that its planned mechanics are proper and compliance with currently considered regulations. aenco the process undertaking further legal and regulatory analysis the functionality and mechanics aen tokens. following the conclusion this analysis, may required amend the functionality aen tokens order ensure compliance with any legal regulatory obligations that apply us. shall update this whitepaper and publish notice our website the event that any changes are made the aen token. caution regarding forward-looking statements this whitepaper contains forward-looking statements information (collectively "forward-looking statements") that relate aenco's current expectations and views future events. some cases, these forward-looking statements can identified words phrases such "may", "will", "expect", "anticipate", "aim", "estimate", "intend", "plan", "seek", "believe", "potential", "continue", "is/are likely to" the negative these terms, other similar expressions intended identify forward-looking statements. aenco has based these forward-looking statements its current expectations and projections about future events that believes may affect its financial condition, results operations, business strategy, financial needs, the results the token sale the value price stability aen tokens. addition statements relating the matters set out here, this whitepaper contains forward-looking statements related aenco's proposed operating model. the model speaks its objectives only, and not forecast, projection prediction future results operations. forward-looking statements are based certain assumptions and analysis made aenco light its experience and perception historical trends, current conditions and expected future developments and other factors believes are appropriate, and are subject risks and uncertainties. although the forward-looking statements contained this whitepaper are based upon what aenco believes are reasonable assumptions, these risks, uncertainties, assumptions, and other factors could cause aenco's actual results, performance, achievements, and experience differ materially from its expectations which are expressed, implied, perceived forwardlooking statements. given such risks, prospective participants this token sale should not place undue reliance these forward-looking statements. important information: nationals residents the following countries are not eligible participate the subscription aen tokens ("token sale"): united states america; the people's republic china; samoa; any sanctioned countries depicted within: https://www.treasury.gov/resource-center/sanctions/programs/pages/programs.aspx); hong kong (except for "professional investors" please see below) citizens and residents hong kong sar shall further required present "proof wealth" demonstrate that they are professional investors defined under the hong kong securities futures ordinance ("sfo") before being eligible subscribe. participants from rest the world must self-declare sophisticated investors having knowledge cryptocurrencies, digital assets, token sales, initial coin offerings, blockchain technology, and smart contracts. any decision participate the token sale should based upon your independent assessment. you should obtain independent advice before making purchase. you must not participate the token sale unless you have read and fully understood these terms and all other relevant materials particular, the whitepaper and fully understand the purpose and process aen, the platform and the token sale. you must monitor the http://www.aencoin.com website ("website") for any announcements that relate the token sale, they may supplement these terms. purchase possession aen does not constitute ownership interest aenco, and carries rights, express implied, receive revenue, shares, debentures, intellectual property rights, voting rights any other form participation relating aenco its affiliates. neither these terms nor the whitepaper constitute prospectus offering document, offer sell, nor the solicitation offer buy any security, investment, share, financial instrument, investment advice equivalent any jurisdiction. regulatory authority has examined approved the token sale any the information set out these terms other relevant materials. please read the terms and conditions carefully before using the website, aenco's platform registering your interest the aen token issuance. agreeing subscribe the aen token the page linking the terms and conditions, you accept and agree bound these terms and conditions. the full text the said terms and conditions can found here: https://www.aencoin.com/assets/docs/aenco-termsconditions.pdf. you have any questions about these terms and conditions please contact moon@ aencoin.com. not purchase aen you are not expert dealing with cryptographic tokens and blockchain-based software systems. prior purchasing aen, you should carefully consider the terms listed below and, the extent necessary, consult appropriate lawyer, accountant, tax professional. any the following terms are unacceptable you, you should not purchase aen. purchases aen should undertaken only individuals, entities, companies that have significant experience with, and understanding of, the usage and intricacies cryptographic tokens, including ethereum tokens, and blockchain based software systems. purchasers should have functional understanding storage and transmission mechanisms associated with other cryptographic tokens. while the company will available assist purchasers aen during the sale, the company will not responsible any way for loss btc, eth aen resulting from actions taken by, omitted purchasers. you not have such experience expertise, then you should not purchase aen participate the sale aen. your participation aen sale deemed your undertaking that you satisfy the requirements mentioned this paragraph. table contents executive summary aenco solutions limited ("aenco")tm healthtech industry traditional markets, regulatory landscape and sector challenges primary jurisdictions and the opportunities: pressing need the landscape and the financial challenges regulatory environments focus. for sustainable medical innovation. medical innovation. aenco platform, services and core technology objectives the landscape for digital finance global healthtech blockchain financial aenco core technologies. and alternative financial services. solutions core services aen token and ecosystem the aenco ecosystem and aen token. our healthtech partners aen token value drivers. additional important information. team biographies strategic advisors strategic partners appendix token economy paper the token. the token sale. token distribution. use proceeds and budget. conversion subscription proceeds aen tokens token issuance procedure. ecosystem history timeline and roadmap months) executive summary aenco solutions limited ("aenco")tm aenco blockchain based global financial solutions platform, combining decades experience traditional financial services and prime brokerage, with network healthcare technology ("healthtech") innovation partners and new-age applications, collectively developed under the umbrella "aenco global healthtech financial solutions platform". what special about aenco? aenco the world's first blockchain based healthcare technology financial solutions platform that leverages healthcare technologies with institutional financing, prime brokerage and smart capital solutions under one umbrella. aenco "one stop shop" for the delivery cutting edge institutional financing, prime brokerage and core smart capital solutions for the healthtech industry, well research and collaboration hub for healthcare companies and projects involved the field blockchain development. aenco will combining its solutions platform and core financial ecosystem with the wider healthcare technology community, through the aen token, the key ecosystem building block and extensions across all its service and community deliveries. the aenco platform empowers emerging and innovative healthcare companies with digital financing capabilities, that they can focus generating high potential and impactful technologies that can transform our world and day day lives. aenco supported the group's planned regulated infrastructure (including the establishment commercial bank within the group) and presence major jurisdictions including europe, hong kong, and the united states, through which aenco will effectively deliver its solutions, generating increasing and rapidly evolving ecosystem. our platform envisions capitalize the strengths blockchain and decentralized applications, fuel emerging growth companies and entrepreneurs tapping sustainable, and growing ecosystem for its business activities during their ramp-up phase. core services "healthtech solutions" are categorized across three key pillars: (i) aenco solutions; (ii) aenco prime solutions; (iii) aenco smartcap solutions. providing and "rewarding" our healthtech partners with institutional grade financial solutions, aenco able interface such providers with diverse range rich medical utility, with global community users who seek empower and participate the vibrant growth stories aenco and its healthtech partners. thus, the platform creates plethora use cases for our aen token the form both financial utility and medical utility benefits. healthtech industry projects financial solutions innovations platform regulated multi-jurisdiction infrastructure support blockchain technology application development exhibit aenco vision pillars under the three key pillars solutions, aenco will developing its core technologies that will facilitate the platform's deployment healthtech financial solutions, with the below service objectives mind, including, but not limited to, the following: providing digital financial solutions platform, including, but not limited to, sponsorship healthtech token offerings, listing and research coverage for prospective token issuers, pursued within channels accredited regulatory frameworks and delivered under gold standard best practice; providing in-house developed exchange trading platform (aenx) for major cryptocurrencies, aen token and our sponsored healthtech partner tokens; facilitating secondary market liquidity for aen token and sponsored healthtech partner tokens through aenx and other external exchanges; offering decentralized custodial and secure escrow services for digital assets; validation client issuers via in-depth financial, legal, and business due diligence; initial and ongoing research coverage across our sponsored partners and their respective token offerings and post token offer monitoring company performance and objectives, with the view continuously involving and updating our community promote participation, awareness and discussion such projects; providing decentralized prime brokerage service platform originate ongoing liquidity digital assets such cryptocurrency based loans, borrowing, structured products and over-the-counter services, including the aen token and sponsored tokens eligible collateral against other major cryptocurrency financing; integrating the aen token with our eventual virtual financial services (as regulated via full-service banking license the eu) fuel and reward our community through the delivery banking services such deposit taking, domestic and cross-border fund remittances, foreign exchange transactions, fiat currency clearing, investment product distribution, asset management and alternative financing services such receivables financing, bridge financing, and collateralized lending. further details our core solutions have been described further below. order support the above service objectives, aenco will developing and rolling out its core technologies across three generational phases, which the key technology components and major development modules have been summarised the table below. solutions aenco solutions aenco prime solutions aenco smartcap solutions core technology major components and modules aen connect smart wallet and aenco portal; aenx exchange platform for tokens; aen connect escrow and custody; ico gateway, subscription and integrity program; research coverage, community discussion and news distribution portal; ux/ui application for multi-service healthtech utility sharing platform. aen connect cryptocurrency and cross-asset collateralized financing platform; pooling and order matching platform for financing providers and borrowers using cryptocurrencies and major fiat currencies eligible collateral; integration with aenco smartcap solutions facilitate clearing fiat currencies; margining and clearing system for collateral financing and structured over-thecounter products issuance; client custodial and asset segregation system; regulatory and financial reporting protocols; integration with aenx and external apis systems for execution and settlement services. aen token transaction integration system with core financial modules; aen connect smart wallet and "proof stake" integration system with core financial modules; integration system with aenx and aenco prime platform support clearing services. further details our core technologies are described below. aenco backed the aenco ecosystem and aeneas group companies, where services will carried out through the planned establishment global regulated platforms across major markets including hong kong, united states and within europe union european economic area. thus, with our framework legal financial due diligence, coupled with ecosystem regulated entities, are equipped deliver blockchain based financial solutions under globally recognized gold standard best practice. call this the "aenco ico integrity program". exchange, our existing and growing pipeline healthtech partners, depending their nature are able share different medical utilities across areas including, but not limited to, (i) therapeutics; (ii) medical infrastructure such labs, clinics, and equipment; and (iii) data analytics, the form adoption aen token facilitate their community growth and ecosystem development. the aenco platform will act "one-stop-shop" for deep impact opportunities, through the establishment full service global financial services and prime brokerage platform that bridges the market participants both traditional and digital finance. our platform will provide transparent and direct access for "participants" and "issuers" alike, connecting hugely impactful numbers participants short duration cycles through our platform. summary, aenco will the first global scale blockchain based financial solutions platform provider, focused generating exciting ecosystem growth story through the disruption traditional financial markets, and complete integration across healthcare technologies and international finance, totally transform our "status quo" perspectives towards our innovative approach using digital solutions solve "traditional" problems. how works global community aenco global healthtech financial solutions healthtech partners future sponsored projects users participants aenco ecosystem applications therapeutics (excl. geofenced jurisdictions) aenco solutions use aen tokens subscribe for aen tokens benefits automated aenco platform membership priority access ecosystem opportunities and utility community rewards and bounty programs access and reduced fees across platform solutions access wholesale platform secondary market liquidity aenco ico gateway and portal: ico integrity program aen connect: aenco smart wallet and wealth app functionalities aenx healthtech trading exchange aenco data analytics and ongoing research aenco prime solutions enjoy aenco decentralized prime brokerage platform cross-asset collateralized lending and borrowing financing pools interfacing major fiat and major digital assets aenco smart cap solutions aenco core technology-driven smart capital solutions aenco alternative financing platform share utility earn access healthtech financial solutions infectious diseases gastroenterology neurology natural health oncology others medical infrastructure labs robotic surgery equipment clinics medical data analytics clinical pathway data encryption big-data research artificial intelligence note: each component aenco global healthtech financial solutions platform shall operated through relevant licensed entity that located jurisdiction approving its related activities. healthtech industry traditional markets, regulatory landscape and sector challenges primary jurisdictions and regulatory environments focus the regulatory framework around token offering (or initial coin offering "ico") undergoing major transformation especially this year there has been rapidly increasing variety blockchain based token types that are being launched across the world daily basis, ranging from utility based tokens security based tokens. regulators around the world, though may have adopted different attitudes towards icos, have all generally moved towards increasing clarity the necessary regulatory framework governing the requirements token issuers with the view provide greater protection market participants and better disclosures. believe that matter time that ico will adopted mainstream alternative financing tool for growth companies and that global regulatory framework will rise meet the new challenges generated from such. therefore, order build long term and sustainable financial solutions platform, aenco and its group dedicated towards building global infrastructure that will synergise and support the regulatory framework requirements around major jurisdictions interest order fully deliver our services and vision. aenco believes building sustainable servicing platform for emerging growth companies and entrepreneurs, the group establishing global regulated platform within major continents and markets. address the regulatory aspects, aenco expanding into new markets, while building upon long-standing traditional business infrastructure, set regulated presence across several major jurisdictions. aenco wholly owned subsidiary the aeneas group limited ("aeneas"), which multi-disciplinary financial institution with number subsidiaries deliver its objectives. group chart included below. exhibit our legal and regulatory frame work ecosystem utility token holders facilitators aenco global healthtech blockchain financial solutions hong kong token issuer asset manager security dealer investment advisor (sfc regulated) usa europe broker dealer (finra regulated) banking license online technologydriven bank hong kong wealth management product distribution aeneas technologies hong kong china/ singapore technology transfer research development ecosystem utility access pipeline early stage growth companies requiring financing, ico sponsorship and financial solutions bio tech med tech fin tech disruptive tech licensed since license granted licensing progress hong kong within the aenco ecosystem, aeneas capital limited has been regulated licensed institutional asset manager the hong kong securities and futures commission ("sfc") since with yearly revenues hk$,, (c. us$,) and hk$,, (c. us$,,) are expanding its abilities engage other regulated activities including securities dealing and advisory and licensing from the sfc has been granted the quarter united states aeneas capital, llc commencing its application with the financial industry regulatory authority ("finra") for permissions securities dealing and advisory. this will enable aenco further expand its blockchain community and ecosystem the u.s, through aeneas capital, llc. also expect this established within europe aeneas commencing application with eu/eea based regulator for full commercial banking license. aenco, through the said license, will able fully integrate its aen token and solutions europe through the commercial bank. singapore china aeneas singapore limited establishing presence singapore engage technology transfer and blockchain research. separately, the group shall control wholly foreign owned entity ("wfoe") mainland china for the purpose tapping large pool innovative talent and opportunities for technology transfer. aenco believes that through the regulated presence and banking licenses its ecosystem entities the above jurisdictions, can identify emerging healthcare and growth companies globally, and service them with our healthtech financial solutions platform more effectively within the necessary regulatory frameworks, and significantly disrupt traditional finance landscapes. the opportunities: pressing need for sustainable medical innovation while may cliche paraphrase the common proverb: "the world your oyster", aenco actively identifying companies and projects areas high impact potential the healthcare sector. more specifically, focus empowering entrepreneurs and emerging growth companies where their principal product and service outcomes have potential address important societal issues, create deep impact solutions globally, and thoughtfully drive human innovation. industry area have identified possess the aforementioned attributes the area healthtech and medical innovation. with global ageing demographics, the world and society currently faces plethora genuine unmet health care needs. the global demand for improved patient care and stress the medical per aeneas capital's audited financial statements prepared ernst young under hkfrs accounting standards. system constantly the rise. pressure tackle both rising number patients facing common and rare diseases, well the lagging growth research funding certain medical indications versus the skyrocketing costs patient care, has not only created surplus opportunities for medical entrepreneurialism, but also urgent need for such players act. example medical supply chain security and big data there are already number initiatives that pharmaceutical companies are launching utilize blockchain technology and its security framework help drive, for example, supply chain related security processes (e.g. the mediledger project trace prescription drugs). several major pharmaceutical companies are also adopting blockchain technology privately for its clinical development processes where there are huge amount clinical drug data that are often required securely stored and processed. addition, several private companies and medical clinics are exploring blockchain based technologies securely capture patient data. example therapeutics example such global unmet medical need the field neurodegenerative diseases such alzheimer's disease ("ad"): where patients experience progressive mental deterioration that can occur middle old age, due generalized degeneration the brain. the commonest cause premature senility. according the alzheimer's study group the u.s., approximately million americans were living with and this number projected increase more than million furthermore, for each person afflicted with ad, greater multiple number care givers including loved ones and medical professionals are materially impacted. the cost care for patients projected rise from approximately us$ billion per year over us$ billion per year varying sources predict even higher costs but the numbers are staggering regardless! conversely, the growth research funding focusing the same medical indication far lagging. about us$. billion was allocated globally the research treatment. while this may grow over us$ billion the dispersion with the rising cost care ballooning, and the absolute dollar funds insufficient exhibit alzheimer's disease ("ad") cost care versus research funding (example global unmet medical need) age eth: bonus eth and eth and eth "eth" pre-ico "eth" ico exhibit summary termsheet pre-ico and ico crowd sale token symbol aen token name aen coin token type erc usd price per token ico sale bonus based week number usd price per token pre-ico sale bonus based participation size total token supply ,,, tokens being sold tokens unsold retained for reserves; see exhibit private sale pre-ico sale ico crowd sale june/july july/august announcement tokens total supply)** fomo special offer! participation size* bonus tokens week no. bonus tokens first hours pre-ico sale: eth participate for extra bonus top existing bonus scheme! eth and eth and eth min eth; equivalent btc soft cap token sale (usd) $,, middle cap token sale (usd)# $,, target cap token sale (usd)^ $,, accepted crypto assets btc, eth the eth equivalent shall calculated for btc contributions for the purpose bonus allocations (based exchange rate time subscription). token allocations across private, pre-ico, and crowd sales may vary subject community take across tranches sales. reserve the right terminate the token sale beyond this milestone. unsold tokens beyond the midcap shall allocated mining pool reserves for full text the terms conditions the token sale, please see: https://www.aencoin.com/assets/docs/aenco-terms-conditions.pdf token distribution the total supply tokens intended distributed over number areas where shall allocated this initial token sale, along with additional bonus scheme allocations. other uses include tokens deployed support the liquidity aenco's growing ecosystem, tokens allocated ecosystem partners and backers, tokens reserved for incentive programs such bounty programs, well tokens cover the costs the initial token sale and those retained the company and team. among the tokens that are retained aenco's team, total tokens allocated the management team are subjected overall lock-up period between months from the initial token offering, where tokens are released and tradable only every -months. therefore allocated tokens management are tradable after -months, tokens after -months, after -months, and only after -months. the primary goal demonstrate that the management team committed throughout the duration the underlying development and technology roll-out. tokens allocated non-management staff are locked for period between months. see exhibit for greater details the intended use and lock-up information for total token distribution. exhibit indicative token supply and allocations token allocation token sale (excluding bonus allocations) lock-up period intended use covers the private sale, pre-ico sale, and ico crowd sale (excluding bonus tokens allocated). (from the closing date the ico crowd sale) aen amount allocation percentage private sale and pre-ico sale: lock-up months tokens; lock-up remaining ico crowd sale: lock-up. bonus allocations (on token sale) and incentive programs retained company and team mining rewards bonus tokens allocated early subscribers throughout the private sale, pre-ico sale, and ico crowd sale. also incentive program for healthtech partners and community referrals relation token sale. for example, referral bonuses %/% referred ico proceeds. the team will allocated tokens compensation for early involvement and incentivise continued engagement the ecosystem. tokens reserved for broad range mining rewards, including contributions liquidity measures supporting growing aenco ecosystem, recognition for resources and efforts contributed key partners/supporters, incentive programs for healthtech partners and community referrals, reserves fuel development and stability, and miscellaneous token sale costs. c.% token sales from private sale and preico sale: lock-up months tokens; lock-up remaining ,,, ,,, from ico crowd sale: lock-up. incentive programs: not applicable management: lock-up of: months tokens; months months months non-management: lock-up months. lock-up months tokens rewarded key partners/supporters. not applicable for other rewards. subject token take across tranches sale unsold tokens will retained for reserves use proceeds and budget post-ico proceeds are primarily and efficiently deployed towards core healthtech services including: (i) sponsoring healthtech partners; (ii) financial solutions servicing; (iii) the development and roll out core ecosystem technologies, and (iv) platform operations. exhibit planned use proceeds soft cap mid cap* target cap** ico proceeds raised (usd) allocation usd allocation usd sponsorship and financial solutions platform for healthtech partners research, technology development and roll out, and collaboration research general working capital and infrastructure setup capital requirements marketing and distribution legal and compliance sponsorship and financial solutions platform for healthtech partners soft cap allocation research, techonology development and roll out and collaboration research general working capital and infrastructure setup capital requirement marketing and distribution legal and compliance reserve the right terminate the token sale beyond this milestone. unsold tokens beyond the midcap shall allocated mining pool reserves sponsorship and financial solutions platform for healthtech partners soft cap) among the proceeds raised from aenco's initial token sale (targeting total token supply excluding bonus allocations), the largest segment allocated the sponsorship and financial solutions platform for healthtech partners order ensure that their respective token offerings such partners will community success. the proceeds raised are projected for such purpose fuels the primary services offered within aenco's solutions over the period generation technology and services roll-out. this shall entail the syndicated sponsorship, listing, and post offering secondary market liquidity providing services aenco will use service its existing pipeline healthtech partners, well new prospects continue boarded expand the ecosystem and growing medical utility. research, technology development and roll out, and collaboration research soft cap) being earmarked for ongoing research, development, and roll-out scheduled underlying technologies associated and generation application development that will continue evolve and improve the functionalities aen connect. this includes adding our ico gateway and associated research portal systematically interface the broader global community with our healthtech partners. this would also support the development aenx, our healthtech centric digital asset exchange, further equipping aenco's ability provide secondary market liquidity its sponsored tokens well enhancing use cases for aen token. would also contribute the mechanics the decentralized prime brokerage platform developed the third phase, but creating environment which borrowers and lenders digital assets will have streamlined location interchangeably trade and exchange such assets. general working capital and infrastructure setup capital requirements soft cap) shall allocated the general operations aenco and support infrastructure setup. this ensure the company able support the basic operational needs further develop applications and provide its services throughout the ecosystem, well capital expenditures into business infrastructure drive future growth. marketing and distribution soft cap) and legal and compliance remaining funds are planned support marketing and distribution aen tokens and its sponsored tokens, and costs associated satisfying and enhancing our legal compliance obligations within regulatory framework. conversion subscription proceeds aen tokens the conversion price between aen token against btc eth will fixed daily basis upon the date receipt the subscription consideration. the fixing will determined based the method payment opted the token buyer. currently offer two methods payment. option direct deposit eth btc our designated wallet addresses. which case, the u.s. dollar (usd) daily average price calcuated being the average the open and close prices shown "coinmarketcap.com" for btc eth where relevant ("usd daily average") option payment through our adopted payment gateway "coin payments". which case the usd daily average will the default exchange quote the time. aenco retailns full discretion and right determine change the terms the fixing any time. your entitlement the final number aen tokens will calculated by: the number btc eth received during the utc time zone multiplied the applicable usd daily average ("usd equivalent"); the usd equivalent divided usd determining the subscribed number aen tokens ("aen token base"); plus iii the aen token base multiplied bonus percentage applicable the time subscription pursuant exhibit example (direct deposit eth btc our designated wallet addresses): token buyer subscribes aen tokens during the pre-ico sale with amount btc may depicted the website coinmarketcap.com, the open/close prices for btc utc time are usd/ btc and usd/btc respectively. this would result usd daily average exchange rate (,. ,.)/ usd/btc. the usd equivalent btc usd/btc usd ,.. aen token base usd usd tokens. assume the subscriber entitled bonus scheme during this phase, the final number aen tokens the subscriber entitled including the relevant bonus scheme (+%) aen tokens. token issuance procedure upon successfully registering for the subscription aen tokens and fulfilling conditions our know-yourclient ("kyc") verification requirements (see exhibit e), token buyers are eligible make payment the form eth btc for the token purchase. subsequently, token buyers shall able view their allocation their membership profile located our engagement portal. aen tokens are allocated after closing the ico ("token allocation date"), which date will announced our website (www.aencoin.com) and also email. the execution level, expected that tokens are distributed within business days subsequent the token allocation date determined the time. for subscribers who have participated the pre-ico stage, the relevant portion the aen tokens will released and eligible transferred your specified wallet address within business days the expiry the lock up. exhibit eligible token subscribers nationals residents of: hong kong professional investors only u.s.a restricted the people's republic china restricted samoa restricted sanctioned countries restricted rest world sophisticated investors upon the allocation the aen token, gas payable the ethereum network for this initial deposit shall borne the company. aen token holders will responsible for further depositing their tokens designated exchanges should they want transact exchange their aen tokens the market. exhibit aen token issuance procedure pre-ico subscriber know-your-client ('kyc') checks payment (eth btc) dashboard allocaton closing initial token sale (t+ days) expiry lock-up period (t+ months) july august photo address proof other forms verificatoin subscription payment settled major crypto only (no fiat) aen tokens (+% bonus) allocated subscriber dashboard, but not delievered allocated tokens (including bonus) delivered subscriber wallet remaining allocated tokens (including bonus) delivered subscriber wallet know-your-client ('kyc') checks payment (eth btc) dashboard allocaton closing initial oken sale (t+ days) photo address proof other forms verificatoin subscription payment settled major crypto only (no fiat) aen tokens (+% bonus) allocated subscriber dashboard, but not delivered allocated tokens (including bonus) delivered subscriber wallet register personal wallet address provided subscriber ico subscriber quarter ecosystem history timeline and roadmap months) aeneas capital granted asset management license sfc (hong kong) fund products generate positive returns throughout subprime crisis assets managed aeneas deployed into health care private equity and direct investments aeneas group builds healthtech partnership with aptorum group, multi-disciplinary medical innovations platform based aeneas capital, llc. established new jersey, u.s.a. set finra regulated broker dealer (in progress) aeneas group establishing full-service banking license europe (in progress) aeneas capital initiates expand its licenses with the sfc include dealing and advising securities aeneas expands partnerships with healthtech companies specializing neuro, infectious diseases, and robotic surgery devices ico t-m definition ico process and goals promotional website ico crowd sale: quarter announcement t-m t-m t-m june initiate private sale aeneas capital granted expanded licenses the sfc deal and advise securities. community investors outreach july initiate pre-ico sale: bonus scheme based participation size ('t') post ico ico public sale staring ico public sale ico public sale week week week bonus bonus week bonus ico public sale bonus t+m t+m t+m t+m expand team: developers second generation custodial wallet and escrow services pipeline healthtech ico launch second generation: aenx trading exchange t+m pipeline healthtech ico launch t+m launch first generation smart wallet for testing test net (aen connect) first generation aenco blockchain released for testing test net pipeline healthtech ico launch t+m first generation aenco blockchain goes live new aen smart contract generated; replace erc token blockchain support specific business shards t+m improvement "data decay principle", kick off work second generation blockchain support additional business shards api prototype for third party integration t+m third generation: aenco prime brokerage platform ongoing service expansion pipeline healthtech partners