blockchain for airline passengers safety blockchain for aviation safety aeron the new standard aviation safety powered blockchain mar are aviation professionals. for years pilot aircrafts, develop flight crew training programs and aeronautical databases. our newest blockchain based innovation creating the future aviation safety. why? because passengers' lives our first priority. nadezda barkanova konstantin gertman cto cdo konstantin certified pilot and passionate aviation enthusiast. co-founder aerotrips.com aviation portal for pilots and flight schools. nadezhda pilot and aircraft operation and air traffic management engineer with over years experience. table contents aviation market the future aviation problems solutions advantages blockchain how works pilot application company application aerotrips. com logs under control aeron features aeron benchmarking token functions benefits why token sale? token functionality token sale process aviation blockchain budget allocation roadmap our clients canvas business model team advisory board communities conclusion terms and conditions passengers passed through the hartsfield-jackson international airport aviation market today more than ever, despite financial uncertainty, young people are saving travel around the world. with modern technology evolving everyday, take lot things for granted. often forget how convenient travel today. aviation plays bigger role our lives than one might imagine. think about this: nearly million jobs are provided air travel, making aviation key component global business. aside from the economy factor, today more than ever people are willing invest their savings into traveling opposed spend money shopping going out locally. young people their and see travel the best investment their money, exchange for cultural experiences. according the united nations, young people generate billion annually tourism revenue. what's surprising that today more than ever people are willing travel despite any economic uncertainty. reason being, tourists want see and explore many different cultures they can, something they can't from the comfort their own home. tourism quickly becoming the world's largest industry and air transport plays vital role supporting this sector. conservative analysis suggests that aviation supports billion economic activity within the tourism industry. world fleet double size over the next years fleet fleet passenger fleet freighter fleet boeing aviation market outlook billion passengers flights billion passengers were carried airlines every day, flights take off and million passengers travel million jobs flights using alternative fuel expected that aviation will support million jobs worldwide over flights using sustainable alternative fuel are expected made the end the average occupancy aircraft higher than other modes transport the middle east forecasted the fastest growing region for air traffic the next years, followed africa, asia-pacific and latin america. uber plans test flying cars the future aviation going even further, aviation has developed much further than ever thought could. private space travel already today's reality. dennis tito got experience travelling space, and would recall ten years later, was the happiest day his life. with constantly evolving technology space travel will become more accessible soon enough. richard branson launched virgin galactic the company offers suborbital space flights tourists, well suborbital launches for science missions. another breakthrough space technology was developed elon musk. spacex, founded became the first provider able launch and recover spacecraft from orbit. can only expect that space tourism will become the next most wanted attraction time. according wired, uber's flying cars could arrive dubai and texas more importantly, uber has signed deals with five companies that are developing electric vertical takeoff and landing aircraft: pentagon-backed aurora flight sciences, electric plane maker pipistrel, bell helicopter, embraer, and small plane maker mooney. successful landing falcon problems solutions despite the fact that came far exploring space, there are still issues dealt with air travel. with over flights made daily, serving over million people, safety still major concern. accidents related air transport average about yearly, mainly due human factor looked several common problems. the key problems are that pilots may lack experience they claim, flight log records can easily forged. this problem worsened "pay fly" practices, offered pilots who would not have been hired otherwise. flight schools may corrupt help pilots put hours paper. aircraft operators also contribute the problem often underreporting the flight hours, saving huge maintenance costs for the aircraft. with quickly developing technology, aside from human factors, also face database intrusion, resulting modification distortion data. with many systems play--airlines alone house data many isolated systems from passenger service crew management--data exchange not always smooth. the airline industry, not only are operational integrity and revenue generation stake when something goes wrong, but even more importantly, safety and security. protecting data privacy clear issue when comes passenger records, flight manifests and crew information. not mention the security implications that are play today this data not properly protected. blockchain technology with security wrapper creates very different and less risky, yet transparent approach managing and sharing this information through the use authorized access requirements. completely new level security, established blockchain blockchain technology can transform pilot and aircraft maintenance logs, which best are cumbersome databases and, worst, are paper binders. the blockchain will ensure that spare parts procured are legitimate and can offer "virtual copy" immutable record the provenance every part the plane, every time has been handled and whom, from the beginning the aircraft's existence. this visibility profound, and can take the practice aircraft maintenance, safety and security new levels. internationalairportreview.com "blockchain will revolutionise the aviation and airport industry." accenture.com "blockchain technology can create new efficiencies and services models for airlines." cryptocoinsnews.com "blockchain technology can improve the airline industry" advantages blockchain solid, distributed, inviolable and cryptographically secure database. the chain blocks stores the encrypted code the documents, and once saved, the data recorded forever. the perfect place store property rights, credentials, identities (of objects people), agreements between parties, transmissions and transactions. one can falsify, bribe hack the data inscribed the blocks blockchain. transaction hisory transparent all users. blockchain supports smart contracts, which computer protocol that facilitates, verifies, enforces agreements and execution contract automatic and transparent way. the new standard aviation safety falsification data would longer concern with the development blockchain. advantages the blockchain system are that information safely stored and completely transparent all the users. secured multi-sig authentication system, preventing any alteration vital data. our aim create "airline pocket" smart blockchain based solution. the way works simple. the pilot's application used pilot for personal flight logging. the company application collects and verifies data from aircraft operators, maintenance organizations, flight schools and fixed base operators. case any mismatch data between any aeron data source with either the air traffic control, pilot, operator, aviation authorities can quickly detect and eliminate the problem. aviation authorities can also detect any pilots operating with expired license. consumer, flight school student, you have access the verified global database through aerotrips.com. blockchain can really make difference. air travel for everyone, and beneficial for every single person get involved making trips safer. how works case any mismatch data between any aeron data source with either the atc, pilot, operator, aviation authorities can quickly detect and eliminate the problem. aviation authorities can also detect any pilots operating with expired license. blockchain trusted data repository atc air traffic control pilot application use case pilot opens the mobile application (ios android) pilot selects "new flight" pilot select the aircraft, enters from and airfield codes and out time application tracks location during flight and records the flight track once the flight completed, time recorded pilot offered choices fbo services his destination airfield, featured discounted services are highlighted pilot has choice purchase certain services from his application once the flight submitted blockchain, its status can viewed, whether validated against operator log (for the same aircraft) and atc data (once the automated atc data processing with data hub set up) new flight entry pilot app historical records are available the pilot for review, analysis and statistic summaries fbo fixed base operator, aircraft, atc air traffic control value the pilot: convenient logging application, compliance and transparency for aviation authorities, improved public trust pilot experience, discounted fbo services and ability pay with cryptocurrency, well aerotrips.com club membership company application use case company employee opens the mobile application (ios android) user receives data about completed flight from server (tracked pilot app) user adds information about oil, refueling, and remarks the technical condition the aircraft user can assign task technical specialist maintenance organization for service user can manage aircraft bookings through the application user can add other company services, which pilots can order through the application once the flight submitted blockchain, it's status can viewed, whether validated against pilot log (for the same aircraft) and atc data (once the automated atc data processing with data hub set up) historical records are available the company for review, analysis, and statistic summaries flight information company app aircraft, atc air traffic control value the company: convenient logging application, compliance and transparency for aviation authorities, easy aircraft booking system, aircraft management and maintenance, inflow new customers introduced through the application aerotrips.com passenger use case passenger opens web portal aerotrips.com he/she seeking options for demo flights around certain location offers from local flight schools and private pilots are shown the map pilots with flight logs validated with aeron solution are highlighted (with trust icon) passenger can select the best offers (based flight time, cost, etc) and perform booking booking can paid online with fiat cryptocurrency he/she receives booking confirmation once the flight completed, passenger can submit report and feedback booked flight data validated against logs submitted the pilot and pilot's experience web portal updated beta version aerotrips.com value the passenger: access the global database flight offers, including air taxi charters, flight tours excursions, pilots with validated experience, ability pay with cryptocurrency, and aerotrips.com club membership till date, pilot logs mainly exist paper form with manual signatures and stamps. logs under control national aviation authorities have universal mechanism control integrity and authenticity the pilot logs electronically. there are international standards comprehensive technology for electronic logging. each country maintains its own log book formats and establishes national rules for processing and validation the logs. the legacy system not equipped handle the ever-increasing number and variety small aircraft and licensed private pilots operating worldwide. this leads less than optimal experience for many people involved. aeron has solution this logging conundrum based blockchain technology. will enable online system relying aeron database, built ethereum blockchain track aircraft and pilot log records, well arn, utility token enable the development thriving, self-sustaining ecosystem around the database and token holders. true "airline pocket" featuring integrity, reliability and easy validation. believe that aviation safety closely related record integrity. once the log records are stored blockchain, available for public audit and can't forged, both authorities and passengers can confident that pilot actually has the experience claimed. taking this step further, the same system can applied aircraft maintenance records and tracking spare parts, confirm that spare parts are authentic, maintenance has been performed according standards and there are shortcuts. the system described above could supported smart contracts that contain various log records, well execute rental deeds charters for the aircraft, cost sharing agreements between private pilots and their passengers; combined with sleek user interface allow for engagement with the blockchain, and defined protocol ensure transactions occur compliance with local regulations. aeron (arn) utility token would required for write access the aeron database and other on-chain events. aeron token would also have real-world application, could envisaged means payment for small aircraft charters promotional leisure flights, with aircraft owners having signed for partnership arrangements with aeron. aeron will work with national aviation authorities and international aviation agencies including easa and faa, promote acceptance the electronic log records based blockchain, demonstrate integrity, reliability and transparency record keeping. smart phone application will ultimately replace obsolete paper records and would gain global acceptance, enabling single point reference for licensed private pilots, aircraft owners and operators, aviation enthusiasts and general public interested aircraft charters, leisure flights and pilot training. blockchain for aviation safety making blockchain services for aviation real blockchain for aviation incubator. growth hack worldwide aviation strartups blockchain: connect aviation authorities and industry vision and blockchain developers' potential. education. educate aviation companies blockchain integration. blockchain aviation consultancy. help major vendors, parts manufacturers and airlines implement blockchain their business. aeron features with aeron flight safety enhanced you pilot can validate you can confident your flight experience, facilitating the experience your pilot career progression flight instructor you data automatically matched from multiple log data your log records cannot sources, eliminating fake entries lost damaged you can pay for flights, and fbo services with cryptocurrencies using mobile app you get discounts for flights, and fbo services with the loyalty/ membership program your aircraft has transparent maintenance history stored blockchain, increasing resale value you can easily find options for aircraft charters, leisure flights, and pilot training aircraft maintenance, fbo fixed base operators aeron benchmarking reliability convenience transparency validation records can't lost easy entry and viewing records auditable records can't forged traditional paper logbooks logging applications with local database logging applications with cloud database aeron solution with blockchain interface aeron has innovative solution based blockchain technology. will enable online system relying aeron database, built ethereum blockchain track aircraft and pilot log records. why token sale? there are many arguments why have chosen the token sale instead alternatives ways raise money: first, token sale not only allows onboard participants from different regions but also incentivise them promote aeron's products. second, tokens provide liquidity since they can traded various exchanges after the token sale. participants can liquidate their position and benefit from growth token market value. finally, the token smart contract enables easy distribution tokens participants, instant payments with tokens, security and transparency, which would hard achieve without usage blockchain technology. token functions benefits introduce aeron (arn), erc compliant ethereum based token, with fixed supply arn. during the token launch, fixed amount arn created, and afterwards more tokens shall minted. aeron utility tokens are created fund development and marketing the aeron project with associated distributed database, online portal and applications, described this document. aeron built the erc token standard with fixed supply arn because aeron built the erc token standard, allows for simple integration into users' wallets and freely tradeable via direct transfers via smart contracts. possible that aeron token could also added cryptocurrency exchanges. the total supply arn will slowly decrease over time, tokens are taken out circulation, for example, when someone with arn loses their private keys, therefore, arn will effectively deflationary. once aeron receives arn for services rendered, the tokens will put back into the circulation. primary utility, for write access database with signing log entries and validation the blockchain, aeron will charge transaction fee arn. token functionality aeron (arn) utility token will incorporated aeron products. helps enhance product usage, allow contribution the ecosystem, product access and ownership. arn bootstrapping engagement. while the token will enable access valuable features within the aeron platform, won't limited the aeron mobile applications. aeron token can utilized for the following purposes, creating revenue streams for aeron and offering additional benefits the token holders: subscription fee transaction based fee for log entries commission paid services (in fiat arn tokens) commission intermediation and client introductions currency (mean payment) for buying aviation services unlock access flight schools, offers from pilots and aviation companies incentivise participation the ecosystem and expand our reach, will offer seed quantity aeron tokens flight schools, aircraft operators and aviation companies signing with aeron. once seed tokens are exhausted expect steady demand for tokens from the users. compared fiat based payments for aeron fees and commissions, will offer discounts should the fees paid arn, facilitating further demand. example, once fixed base operator certain airfield renders services (refueling, etc) pilot referred aeron, commission can paid arn with discount. aeron tokens will the currency aerotrips. com club, offering premium access offers from aviation companies, special incentives and discounts. created arn with clear vision that token must work, must viable, secure, well funded, inflation protected, work better than other coins and something unique well. these are key elements the solid foundation. more that, believe that arn will bring improvements society well short and long term gains investors. long term vision, the first stage project development arn tokens would used within the aeron platform, and the second they will became the standard token aviation. roadmap for aeron token application the following: unlock access flight schools, offers from pilots... buying access premium app features currency for buying aviation services membership club and access discounts currency for buying aviation supplies first stage (-/q) second stage (/q-) the aeron token contract address will published https://aeron.aero. after token sale arn will listed cryptocurrency exchanges, providing liquidity. major exchanges already board are binance and hitbtc, with others negotiation stage. aeron user base consumer market would drive constantly develop new features within aeron platform and perform marketing campaigns addressed specific niches functional expansion will help power aeron's vision building "airline the pocket". demand for aeron services from consumer market will directly fluence aviation professionals. they will use aeron more frequently and more responsibly. that, market would boost market, more companies will integrate aeron platform fulfil consumer demand. will make positive impact arn token value, utility token for aviation professionals access the range aeron services offerings. aeron projections airlines flight school clubs aircraft comm. aircraft private client base, users pilots services pricing, per year pilot logbook keeping additional services for pilots airline business account services for flight clubs comm. aircraft tech. logs private aircraft tech. logs total revenue token sale process the fixed arn supply are being offered for sale, equating arn. these will sold two stages with limited presale, followed the general sale. arn can obtained online price per token arn (fifty cents) with payment cryptocurrencies accounted current exchange rate the date transaction. bitcoin ("btc") and ether ("eth") will the only methods payment accepted the general sale. the remaining the fixed supply (,, arn) are not available via the token sale and will allocated follows: the tokens will allocated for network growth incentivise participation the ecosystem. worldwide marketing activities and government relations would increase aeron's market presence. the tokens will retained for the development and management team, whose work makes aeron possible. remaining the tokens will used cover administrative costs the token sale. the token sale will offered until all arn have been distributed. early buyers will receive special bonuses connected the timing and amount purchase. the arn distributed and remaining can tracked https://aeron.aero during general sale. please register https://tokensale.aeron.aero/register/ purchase arn tokens. for further queries related token sale process, refer faq https://aeron.aero/faq.html tokens will released the ethereum erc compatible wallets the buyers specified during the sale process, once the sale closed tentatively november there will lock-up for any the arn tokens purchased either presale the general sale. aviation blockchain aeron connect various entities. pilots, flight schools, aviation companies, airlines, aircraft operators and maintenance companies and other businesses will involved one network. envisage the aeron platform can add value follows: transparent relationship between aviation businesses; fast transactional speed; intermediaries; high level security; trustful and verifiable records. budget allocation research development marketing promotion technology infrastructure lobbyng with authorities legal consultancy administration roadmap recognize the significant complexity blockchain technology and are building multi-stage aeron solution phased over time. the aeron team works actively several fronts ensure that are building the correct solution that can solve the real problems stakeholders, while also complying with all regulations. ultimately, would like extend our solution contribute flight safety, recording the aircraft maintenance events and tracking the spare parts. this requires close cooperation with maintenance organizations and spare parts manufacturers worldwide, turning the aeron database into reference for verifying parts authenticity. live today short-term long-term online portal aerotrips.com application beta and online portal application and online portal blockchain partially decentralized fully decentralized traditional payment system portal traditional and cryptocurrency payments traditional and cryptocurrency payments global database global database global database application europe application globally status: live and active users status: concept development status: r&d assessment aeron roadmap concept development for aeron ecosystem aerotrips.com consumer portal development lobbying with aviation authorities aerotrips.com integration with blockchain building global flight school, and fbo database aeron.aero public presentation aerotrips.com consumer portal for aviation launch aeron token sale token payments for aerotrips.com services aviation authority portal development business development emea: negotiation deals authorities flightwith schools, and fixed base operators aircraft maintenance big data research launch fbo fixed base operator emea europe, middle east and africa our clients student pilot flight examiner fixed base operators private pilot flight schools aviation authorities commercial pilot aircraft operators flight instructor maintanance organizations revenue streams aeron has simple and scalable business model. when any transaction involving payment between counterparts concluded (for example, service provided fixed based operator pilot introduced aeron, aircraft charter leisure flight booking), aeron takes small percentage (starting from and averaging ~%) the total consideration payable the user. the payments are initially processed the traditional payment system the online portal, fiat, and cryptocurrencies will added means payment for the jurisdictions where possible. payment would also made possible with arn tokens, introduced earlier this document. for write access database with signing log entries and validation the blockchain, aeron will charge small transactional fee. canvas business model key partners key activities value proposition aviation authorities building and administration infrastructure aeron the new standard aviation safety powered blockchain faa easa national authorities gr, lobbying and marketing channels clients aeron.aero student pilot aerotrips.com pilot application company application private pilot commercial pilot flight instructor flight examiner flight schools aircraft operators maintanance organizations fixed base operators cost structure revenue streams r&d marketing promotion subscription fee transaction based fee for log entries legal consultancy technology infrastructure commission paid services (in fiat arn tokens) administration lobbyng with authorities commission intermediation and client introductions team certified pilots, aviation engineers and developers artem orange ceo artem has more than years experience telecoms and finance. ex-ceo two national cellular operators and serial entrepreneur hi-tech industries. aviation enthusiast and chartered financial analyst (cfa) charterholder since linkedin nadezhda barkanova cto nadezhda aircraft operation and air traffic management engineer with over years experience, specializing full cycle production aeronautical databases, flight crew training programs, flight simulators and computer based training development. easa ppl(a) holder since linkedin konstantin gertman cdo konstantin has years experience consulting, market research and financial businesses. master science banking and finance. passionate small aviation enthusiast and co-founder aerotrips.com, easa certified pilot since linkedin pavel liplianin product/community manager pavel specialist stochastic analysis applications financial markets, big data analysis and machine learning. mathematician education, ex-cto consulting company specializing operations excellence. linkedin telegram ali badeea business development mea ali started contractor titan corps military ops division. continued carrer and military logistics agent and entrepreneur, with over years experience logistics management and finance. easa certified pilot since linkedin dmitri prokopenko business development china dmitri long term resident china. fluent mandarin, founder several language schools and ex-ceo water energy, new energy startup xiamen. crypto analyst and investor, supporting projects like tenx, iota, lbc and steem. linkedin dmitry bezkorovainyi application lead dmitry offers years experience web services and mobile app development. with background financial web services development and integration, dmitry has particuar focus driving mobile application lifecycle for aeron. linkedin kateryna starcheus product designer kate seasoned product designer with more than years experience and design. fullstack designer, specialized startups, usability consultant, lecturer and author courses. linkedin andrii bulavinov blockchain lead andrii software developer and manager with over years hands-on experience. blockchain researcher, responsible for implementation ethereum and stellar platforms storage infrastructure and smart contracts transaction protocol. linkedin maria shirokova public relations manager maria manager focused public relations with over years experience it. formerly corporate communications manager kaspersky lab, one the world's leading information security companies, maria helps aeron drive communications and build brand awareness the media. linkedin advisory board philip mcmaster (da long beijing, china brand ambassador philip well known the chinese and world blockchain space the creator the republic conscience. advises corporate social responsibility (csr) strategy and compliance well human transportation efficiency. former mba lecturer top canadian and hong kong business schools, publisher and executive the aerospace and media industry well certification program developer for governments and tourism companies. philip concerned with helping aeron lead the general aviation industry setting the immutable standard safety and sustainability. linkedin constantinos kozakos, limassol, cyprus aviation advisor constantinos managing director griffon aviation, the first licensed flight school cyprus offering complete range pilot courses: from basic advanced flight instructor ratings. chartered accountant (fcca) and auditor profession, constantinos offers unique angle, combining extensive knowledge accountancy and compliance with his passion aviation. constantinos supports aeron liaison with flight schools worldwide, build awareness and ensure recognition aeron solution linkedin dmitrijs kasjarums, latvia legal advisor dmitrijs partner international consulting company baltconsult. has more than years experience legal practice: corporate disputes, tax risk prevention, immigration law, registration and licensing payment systems, representation interests investors engaged work with startups the field information technology. dmitrijs supports aeron legal aspects the token sale ensure compliance and design the robust legal platform for aeron application worldwide. linkedin vladimir feoktistov, cyprus blockchain technology advisor vladimir has master's degree physics. has been working lead programmer financial, aerospace and data analysis sectors. his biggest project was development the derivatives matching engine and risk management systems for moscow exchange. vladimir was cto trueflip. leading successful ico and developed many other projects related cryprocurrencies and blockchain. vladimir helps aeron drive technical strategy and design architecture the blockchain based database for aviation. linkedin eric ross, orlando, usa technical advisor eric brings years experience the defence and commercial industries specializing communications and electronics systems integration, testing and fielding airborne, land and sea based environments. with years management preventive and corrective maintenance facility providing customers flightline and backshop services, eric assists aeron technical advisor. alexander jiung (hai bian xiamen, china advisor greater china alexander active blockchain evangelist and promoter. with deep knowledge local blockchain enthusiast communities, the regular visitor conferences and blockchain related events across greater china and globally. strong communication skills and international exposure help alexander fostering lasting partnerships. alexander helping aeron liaison with local blockchain clubs across china and building relevant communication strategy. wechat join our communities telegram https://t.me/aeronaero twitter https://twitter.com/aeron_aero facebook https://www.facebook.com/aeronpublic reddit https://www.reddit.com/r/aeronaero github https://github.com/aeronaero/aeron medium https://medium.com/@aeronaero bitcoin talk https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=. conclusion blockchain technology will continue take flight airlines over the next decade. something that could not have been conceived yesterday, becoming reality today, reducing complexity and costs while improving the travel journey with real-time travel experiences. terms and conditions this section informs you the terms and conditions governing use the information and functionality offered www.aeron.aero ("web site") including this present document. using the web site, you agree bound these terms and conditions. the web site does not constitute prospectus any sort, not solicitation for investment and does not pertain any way offering securities any jurisdiction. transferring eth, btc, any other cryptographic tokens ("cryptocurrency") obtain aeron tokens ("arn" "arn tokens") and/or receiving arn, form partnership, joint venture any similar relationship created between the user and the creators arn and/or any other individuals involved with the web site arn. transferring cryptocurrency obtain arn tokens and/or receiving arn, the user confirms that the user neither united states citizen nor resident, and the user does not have primary residence domicile the united states, including puerto rico, the virgin islands, any other territories the united states, and the user not acting behalf united states citizen, resident entity. transferring cryptocurrency obtain arn tokens and/or receiving arn, the user expressly represents and warrants that: the user has deep understanding the functionality, usage, storage, transmission mechanisms and intricacies associated with cryptographic tokens and blockchain-based software systems; the user has carefully reviewed the code the smart contract located the ethereum blockchain the addresses set forth the web site and fully understands and accepts the functions implemented therein; the user legally permitted transfer cryptocurrency obtain arn tokens, and legally permitted obtain arn the user's jurisdiction; the user legally permitted receive software and interact with the arn tokens smart contract; the user sufficient age legally obtain arn tokens; the user will take sole responsibility for any restrictions and risks associated with obtaining arn tokens the smart contract system; the user not submitting cryptocurrency obtain arn for the purpose speculative investment; the user not obtaining using arn for any illegal purposes; the user waives the right participate class action lawsuit class wide arbitration against any entity individual involved with the web site with the creation distribution arn tokens; the user understands that submitting cryptocurrency obtain arn does not involve the purchase shares any equivalent any existing future public private company, corporation other entity any jurisdiction; the user understands and expressly accepts that there warranty whatsoever arn, expressed implied, the extent permitted law, and that the smart contract system used and arn are obtained the sole risk the user "as is" basis and without, the extent permitted law, any warranties any kind, including, but not limited to, warranties title implied warranties, merchantability fitness for particular purpose; the user understands that the user has right against any party request any refund the cryptocurrency submitted obtain arn tokens under any circumstance; the user understands that the user bears the sole responsibility determine the transfer the cryptocurrency obtain arn tokens, the obtaining, ownership, use arn, and/or any other action transaction related arn may have tax implications for the user; obtaining, owning using arn, and the extent permitted law, the user agrees not hold any party liable for any tax liability associated with arising from obtaining, owning using arn any other action transaction related the web site. the user acknowledges and agrees that, the fullest extent permitted any applicable law, the user will not hold any developers, contractors creators arn tokens and/or the web site liable for any and all damages injury whatsoever caused related the use of, the inability use, arn tokens the web site under any cause action whatsoever any kind any jurisdiction, including, without limitation, actions for breach warranty, breach contract tort (including negligence) and that developers, contractors creators the web site and/or arn tokens shall not liable for any indirect, incidental, special, exemplary consequential damages, including for loss profits, goodwill data, any way whatsoever arising out the use of, the inability use the web site and/or arn tokens. obtaining, holding using arn tokens, and the extent permitted law, the user agrees not hold any third party (including developers, contractors creators) liable for any regulatory implications liability associated with arising from obtaining, owning using arn any other action transaction related the web site. the user understands and accepts that the network miners will ultimately control the arn tokens smart contract. the user understands that majority these miners could agree any point make changes the official smart contract system and run the new version the smart contract system. the user agrees that any portion these terms and conditions found illegal unenforceable, whole part, such provision shall, such jurisdiction, ineffective solely the extent such determination invalidity unenforceability without affecting the validity enforceability thereof any other manner jurisdiction and without affecting the remaining provisions the terms and conditions, which shall continue full force and effect. these terms and conditions are effective july and will remain effect, except with respect any changes their provisions the future, which will effect immediately after being posted www.aeron.aero/terms.html. the terms and conditions can updated changed any time and you should check these terms and conditions periodically. your continued use the web site and/or arn tokens after any modifications the terms and conditions are posted www.aeron.aero/terms.html will constitute your acknowledgment the modifications and your consent abide and bound the modified terms and conditions. for any material changes these terms and conditions, will notify you either through the email address you have provided the web site, placing prominent notice www.aeron.aero/terms.html. most importantly, aviation brings people together, enabling social connectivity like never before. blockchain for aviation safety you have any questions, ask telegram: https://t.me/aeronaero (c) aeron labs https://aeron.aero info@aeron.aero