agrolot whitepaper content introduction about agrolot how the platform works? why ukraine? ico (initial coin offering) financial indicators investment advantages the token holders registration and airdrop roadmap team and partners contacts introduction according the experts, the agricultural industry accounts for approximately the global gdp, with the tendency top that number the near future. judging the output value and the volume the investments attracts, the agricultural industry ranks the first among the wide variety macro-economic fields the developed world. the capacity the trade the world today expected grow intensely the next years. therefore, the trade impact would result increased level food security. globalization did not leave the agrarian industry untouched. the market very wide that allows diverse levels traders. result attracting customers from all corners the world; however there overwhelming risk losing finances. introduction possible achieve direct trade. however, small and medium sized businessmen are faced with various challenges: observance the international law trade; experienced personnel should take part including; international economists and attorneys; intermediaries with high buying prices; the capacity produce low that would pave way for high levels producing and supplying foreign markets; bureaucracy does not pave way for quick sales. the buying price the global level depends highly number factors. includes; the farmers, food companies and finally consumers. introduction have made decision assist producers connect with buyers independently from other variety countries; thus enabling them avoid unsuitable conditions cooperating with vast number intermediaries; international traders and brokers. made agrolot! about agrolot agrolot international trading platform agriculture and food production registered sellers and consumers can conclude gluesome contracts, exchange transactions, share information and track the difference food prices globally. the internal cryptocurrency the platform ofir (operative food international registration) backs the smart contract technology. the coin will the means settlement among subscribers. every product will placed under category within the register and evaluated ofir. about agrolot the ofir coin will connection with the usd ofir equivalent dollars. the ofir will sold only internally. will exchanged exchange points. the coins may purchase for cryptocurrencies flat money. was our decision not sell the ofir coins externally that would avoid manipulation prices. other oncoming projects may use the coin. the traditional scheme selling agricultural products: the list exchange points and currency pairs will published the website after the launch the project. about agrolot sales using agrolot: manufacturer final consumer smartcontract our team has deeply thought through variety business processes all through finance, storage, logistics, insurance, quality and quantity product monitoring. blockchain technology important for efficiency and promotion the platform. after testing all the present similar platforms, our conclusion that they will provide local services. addition they are not designed for real trading and achieving proper results; but informative. provide lasting solution for international trade. about agrolot agrolot intends support large and small scale sellers and buyers achieve mutually beneficial deals from any destination the world. addition that, ensure security payments use smart contracts and safety and delivery goods their respective destination appreciation the reliable partners. the main objective our team link producers and consumers directly thus avoiding the long chain intermediaries. agrolot the logistics and financial guarantor the transaction! about agrolot any user irrespective place and time will manage buy and sell products within the sphere foreign markets the use smart phone. fortunately, without worry concerning logistics issues, safety cargo and financial losses. innovation nature our project: simplicity creating deals using the smart contract and the guarantee their execution efficiency and economic benefits for all participants security and transparency all transaction the basis blockhchain. producers have the opportunity sell their products any place and within any time most possible profitable way. buyers may buy goods directly the required quality and quantity. the platform the automatic guarantor successful transaction between the two use smart contracts. give necessary logistics services, control quality and security finances through the transaction; giving the consumer and manufacturer variety options during the foreign economic activity. how the platform works? the user will register agrolot.com. here they get access the registry both producers and buyers food products. the buyer will buy the ofir through the platform official exchanger. while finding the conducive quality and offer; signs smart contract for the purchase products the seller. agrolot.com begins processing the transaction communicating the logistics partners that would guarantee the transaction and arrange delivery goods. the cryptocurrency remains frozen until the buyer receives the goods. the cryptocurrency then unfrozen soon the seller withdraws the money earned result online exchange point the official agrolot.com exchange services. each buyer and seller will have their own electronic digital signature (eds) that will used for signing the smart contracts after conclusion. have conducted study the financial and pest risks through this the finance structure was created and all expenses calculated. also had specific emphasis the reliability the structure and capital safety for investors. pest analysis marketing tool designed identify political, economic, social and technological aspects the external environment. how the platform works? guarantees and safety the experience have allows carefully consider the guarantee for users and their safety. the agrolot platform will reliably under protection modern tools security. prior launching the system the whole structure security will undergo thorough security check that will conducted independent audit company. every financial transaction are secured with real goods, such food stuffs. such case our internal ofir cryptocurrency becomes payment instrument the agrolot platform. guarantees and safety the data provided our users and the entire system will stored reliable amazon and servers. will ensure the greater level protection against ddos attacks and diverse risks. the servers various parts the world such (singapore, usa, germany, switzerland and holland) will ensure the blockchain operation. our responsibility deliver goods and will work only with the world's most reliable international logistics companies. created the agrolot platform (www.agrolot.com) for our own funds and started our work. will make agrooholding with land bank total hectares land with the intention cultivation, storage and processing most crops the market. they include: sunflower, maize, and wheat. these will guarantee large quantities and complete deliveries. the planned area the south ukraine: zaporozhye, kirovograd, odessa, kherson and mykolaiv oblasts. the price the land average around usd per hectare will create vertically integrated agroholding. this case will redeem the property rights the agricultural enterprises existence along with their infrastructure, equipment and leased land for independent cultivation agricultural products and consequently sale through the agrolot platform. guarantees and safety the process buying out agricultural enterprise: searching for facility, audit the facility, review and discussion with investors (token holders), sale the number tokens required for the repurchase the facility the internal exchange, and repurchasing and commissioning the facility. agricultural holding vertically integrated will created for improvement the volume trades our platform. additionally will enhance additional income for the company and investors plan complete the holding why ukraine? agriculture one the biggest industries economy ukraine because its favourable climatic and geological conditions. the world's third largest exporter corn ukraine and fifth wheat. million hectares land are used for agricultural activities. close land involved cultivation arable land, two-thirds being fertile chernozem. ukraine has the lowest agricultural investments europe but consequently has the great potential. observing the great fertility soils and undiscovered agroecological potential the lands. why ukraine? the country has among the lowest agricultural optimal investments the world with every hectare compared the usa and the western europe level. ukraine the owner world's chernozem. treating the chernozem properly provides great harvest and known the best agricultural land. another good reason that ukraine contains semi-skilled educated and cheap labor. per the institute agrarian economics ukraine; the ukrainian agribusiness obtained direct investments billion. elevators, transhipment terminals, whole logistics complexes are regions that international traders entering the ukrainian market actively work. the past years, bunge million), cofco ($million), risoil s.a million) and allseeds million) terminals have been created the ports ukraine. loius dreyfus ukraine the largest foreign exporter grain conjunction with "brooklyn-kiev" implementing project worth build grain terminal. why ukraine? the year the cargill corporation introduced project that would build great terminalin the yuzhniy port odessa oblast. the project would amount million. addition the nch agricultural holding company operates ukraine total million, the seed plant the american dupont pioneers operates successfully investment worth$ million. foreign investors and international financial institutions are concentrating the prospects present the sector agriculture. good example the erbd plans for the year that would invest million euros the ukranian agro-industrial complex. the same figures are used representatives the international finance corporation agro-efficiency the economic capability the agroholdings ukraine growing continuously: ico (initial coin offering) agrolot (aglt) token based the ethereum erc standard. will issue million aglt tokens. million tokens will participate the ico: million will sold during the private sale; million will sold during the pre sale; million will sold periods ico sales. million will distributed bonuses and airdrop. the remaining million tokens will frozen the following ways; million for months from the ico start for the via fund (vertically integrated agroholding fund), and million tokens for the agrolot founders for months. the aglt tokens will sold the internal exchange ensure control over large fluctuations exchange rates. order continue developing the project, intend begin crowdfunding campaign; that would issue aglt tokens; that operate the ethereum erc standard, and fact will the company's shares. ico (initial coin offering) ico will held stages: the first stage private sale aglt million aglt will sold +bonus period from june june the second stage pre sale aglt million aglt will sold bonus period: from june june ico (initial coin offering) the third stage ico sale aglt million aglt will sold period: from july september the fourth stage the fourth stage represents the phased formation vertically integrated agroholding through the sale tokens the exchange the facilities agricultural purpose are found and purchased. the raised funds will distributed follows: financial indicators have calculated the amount investments needed the -year period for the project launch and development. turn plan receive from the sale the tokens. the calculation follows: software development and purchase the necessary equipment$,,; advertising budget $,,; start-up costs and operating expenses before the payback: year $,,; year $,,. operational fund cover the cash gap mutual settlements under smart contracts $,, financial indicators the required investments create vertically integrated agrarian holding $,,. this figure takes into account the factors agriculture, namely, seasonality, productivity, the necessary investment costs the ukraine regions. total required amount investments $,,. have defined directions generating profit for dividend payment. the financial result from the operation the agrolot.com platform: the revenue part this direction will formed from the fees the platform, operations the exchange, well additional operations planned implemented with the development this direction. the operating expenses include employee salaries and taxes wages, office rent and office costs, development, legal costs. plan implement the following organizational structure start the project and serve the agrolot platform the future: financial indicators ukraine operation office head office switzerland assistance offices over the world law department international trade support international trade support logistic department department marketing department admin department financial indicators the financial result from the functioning vertically integrated agroholding when calculating the profit from the management vertically integrated company with land bank hectares, used the average net profit ukrainian agroholdings for marketing year per ha. proceeding from this, the net profit per year was million. from the evaluation the financial results the project, follows that the breakeven point will reached the year the agrolot project operation. incentives for token holders the aglt token will used pay commission the agrolot.com trading platform. the commission paid tokens, then the price services the platform reduced commissions can also paid via internal means payment. that case commissions will transferred special account with quarterly buyout from the market performed the platform and subsequent burning those tokens. additionally commissions from the daily trading fees for the services the agrolot.com platform will used for the buyout. the annual turnover the market agricultural products and food products trillion per annum. plan attract least the market during years which equals approximately billion annual turnover. the platform commission ranges from percent for one executed smart contract and depends the type service provided the platform and the delivery volume. example: billion million annual platform revenue, this amount million) will used acquire tokens from the market. registration and airdrop airdrop the advertising system our project. will allocate about million tokens encourage the registration users our system. give them the members who will subscribe our social networks and youtube channels, write reviews about us, advertise their channels. the first users who will register agrolot.io will receive tokens each, and the next will receive tokens each. will give tokens presents for certain actions social networks. the full list actions and incentives within airdrop will available agrolot.io. for the review our project youtube channels with subscribers, will give agrolot tokens. roadmap launching the agrolot.com/agrolot.ua trading platform; opening offices odessa and kiev; opening representative office hong kong for the development the asian market; forming the advertising budget for the promotion agrolot.io and the project whole; forming the project team. creating the agrolot.io website; writing ico agrolot whitepaper; launching the ico site, creating the social profiles; issuing the aglt token, and posting the source code github.com, registering the project bitcointalk.org; ico launch; launching airdrop and ranking referral program. ico finish starting the program vertical integrated agroholding. start developing the ofir coin based the own algorithm with eds, development the eds issuance tool; launch the internal exchange for aglt token exchange. introducing new features agrolot.com roadmap launching the blockchain the ofir network; start developing ofir wallet for windows, mac, linux, web wallet; adding the ofir coin bitcointalk.org; the full-fledged launch the agrolot.com exchange platform together with the ofir coin; crediting ofir coins the aglt token holders; listing aglt token external exchanges. adding the token coinmarketcap.com creating the online office for exchanging ofir for many other currencies; creating internal exchange for the owners online exchange offices; connecting third-party online exchangers for ofir coin; accruing the dividends from the vertically integrated agroholding program holders the aglt tokens; issuing electronic certificates ownership part vertically integrated agroholding, percentage the aglt deposit. q-q continuing the development the vertically integrated agroholding program; distributing the dividends from the profit the agrolot.com trading platform and the vertically integrated agroholding; forming the platform and the company development strategy for team and partners international trade: gfk group companies specializing trade agricultural products. our team works the food industry the markets the cis countries, europe and asia. gfkcompany.com and media: ofir media includes experienced specialists who have developed numerous projects for major international customers and run several large-scale marketing campaigns. ofir.media legal support for the project provided lagard consulting, llc lagard.com.ua logistics support will provided the world's largest companies such kinay group www.kinaygroup.com cargo insurance will provided dlc "megapolis" and llc "ask broker" megapolis-insurance.com.ua quality and quantity the products will controlled sgs and bureau veritas group sgs.com bureauveritas.com consulting support finance, economics and accounting will provided llc "top klas>> topclass.org.ua contacts email: ico@agrolot.com twitter: https://twitter.com/agrolot facebook: https://www.facebook.com/agrolot.io reddit: https://www.reddit.com/user/agrolot