white paper www.agrolifecoin.org content index the primary sector. current and future stage. the agrolifecoin market. the agrolifecoin mission. scope application. characteristics agrolifecoin. security. privacy. technology agrolifecoin. digital wallets. agrolifecoin and the blockchain ecosystem. benefits agrolifecoin. why invest agrolifecoin? how invest agrolifecoin. advantages over other cryptocurrencies. the social network. roadmap. conclusions. legal note links the primary sector. current and future scenario. the near more than million humans will populate the earth. estimated that the demand for food will increase for that year and that least billion dollars annual investment will necessary respond said demand. that means that all the production processes have not only much more efficient, but also the rest the points the distribution chain must tuned the most precise clock the world. nothing can wasted and therefore have take advantage every last gram food produced. what most makes think that today, not know will able produce such amount food. surely can only respond that demand adopt more technological and efficient means production. must also change the relationship between the producer and the consumer avoiding that (according estimates) the value the product remains the distribution network and not the hands the producer. according estimates, food demand will increase and least billion annually investments will needed meet this demand, most which expected come from the private sector. the agrolifecoin market. government policies often prove ineffective and may, fact, create impediments offer financial the direct market agrolifecoin are all people and company that wish invest products with great potential for growth, particular those that are related the primary sector from any its aspects. the agrolifecoin system grows thanks the efforts multiple stakeholders our cryptocurrency and our project. far has been funded group cofounders and the agrolifecoin team. aims the alternative financial institutions developing countries improve credit capacities the agricultural sector. should not ignore the fact that the primary sector environment generated important parallel economic activity, which has with other sectors such transport, technical, economic and legal advice, biotechnology creation means production. the agricultural sector great importance developed countries, those that are still developing, this importance even greater. these environments, agriculture the true axis that supports the subsistence the population (in occupied between and the active population and today almost %), reduces poverty, creates jobs and resources energetics self-supply the activity. the majority farmers these countries also lack consolidated financial systems and that can able support large agricultural extension projects. the most important source funding comes from corporate initiatives and often limited and ineffective. all this makes them perfect scenarios apply the project and its agrolifecoin currency. currently, intense work sessions are being held with groups countries europe, africa and latin america promote the project. the agrolifecoin market. agriculture the world leader employment active world population sector agriculture, livestock and fishing education commerce beverage manufacturing energy supply advertising and market studies wood and cork industry the income the world population comes from the agriculture sector. security and research act administrative office act clothing making gaming and betting act. million small farmers provide the food consumed developed countries. manufacture motor vehicles leather and footwear industry land transport and pipeline agrarian activities the world financial services, except insurance postal and post office act. investigation and development other extractive industries radio and television act. domestic staff graphic arts and prints related employment act. veterinary extraction metallic minerals auxiliary srv. financial act. srv. social act. furniture manufacturing tobacco industry edition agriculture, leader job creation. the primary sector the one that has better resisted the crisis, with increase employed from the levels but, addition, agriculture, livestock and fisheries have the most favorable balance the active population survey. the agrolifecoin mission. agrolifecoin cryptocurrency with huge mission: turn global agriculture into the most profitable investment history. agrolifecoin comes innovative ecosystem criptomonedas focused and based the primary sector, mainly agriculture. agrolifecoin will invest this type companies part its mission catalyze the economic growth the activity. its commitment increase the amount capital available for development and improvements this global sector. the need invest agriculture not only due the growth the world's population, but also the change the food preferences the middle class emerging markets towards foods higher quality and value. agrolifecoin alternative form payment the current media the value chain the products generated this economic activity. will bring producers and consumers, giving support online markets which the use this cryptocurrency will facilitate more just relationship between both. there clear imbalance between the portfolio loans from the banking sector agriculture and its contribution gdp. this limits investment agriculture farmers and agricultural enterprises. also shows that the loan barrier not due lack liquidity the banking sector, but rather lack willingness extend loans agriculture. agrolifecoin seeks mitigate the effects this imbalance. the agrolifecoin mission. agrolifecoin wants take any corner the world the possibility that people can access platform products and services practical and efficient way. agrolifecoin mission help all people worldwide use fast, economic and safe payment system. will help the development the villages, providing great benefits producers and consumers agricultural products. will reduce significantly the commissions that are paid for the purchase said products. will provide the sector with all the benefits related its support technology: blockchain. will promote the use this technology the traceability from the producer the consumer these products, also allowing their payment reliable way for both. the key objective create global, transparent, efficient and safe ecosystem that allows agricultural and food companies significantly reduce expenses related production, sales and logistics the food consume today. will establish more just and direct relationship between producers and consumers, offering everyone access wider and more varied range products. the objective make agrolifecoin used alternative means payment for international commercial transactions. agrolifecoin has come stay. our mission the first cryptocurrency for the purchase agricultural products and tools. strive offer value investors while providing opportunities for growth and enrichment our users and our business partners, always striving for honesty, justice and integrity. scope application. agrolifecoin provides several approaches for its use and application: capital and financial asset. can used saving and investment instrument. digital platform. the asset that supports the economic activity the agrolifecoin social network; the other hand, the network itself contributes the rise the value the currency. exchange medium. will redeemable for fiat money other cryptocurrencies through digital exchange houses. customized payment system. can used for the purchase goods and services worldwide. marketing solutions. will significantly improve the channels and marketing processes the products, reducing the intermediaries the value chain, increasing profits very significant way. farmer has different tools: hoes, harvesters, tractors. agrolifecoin itis also tool facilitate and make more profitable your work. characteristics agrolifecoin the most outstanding characteristics agrolifecoin are: descentralized: not under the control any public private entity, understand these companies states. the legislations are local but the scope the currency worldwide hence the impossibility being controlled. the case some cryptocurrencies the network itself through mining that charge generating new currencies according demand, whereas the case agrolifecoin the currencies are pre-mined, and this has clear deflationist effect. private: agrolifecoin allows you conduct transactions without the knowledge approval trusted third parties. direct: intermediaries. transactions are made directly from person person, this operation and the practical absence intermediation make transactions instantaneous and with minimal cost (almost nonexistent) anonymous: the agrolifecoin ecosystem totally anonymous. not necessary reveal your identity when doing business and this one the main characteristics our currency. safe: the money belongs you can not intervened anyone and the accounts can not frozen seized. economic: the cost per transaction with agrolifecoin lower than that any bank worldwide. fast: fast: the fact that the coin pre-mined makes that transactions with agrolifecoin system are almost instantaneous. characteristics agrolifecoin multiplatform wallets: have web and download wallets compatible with mac osx, windows and linux operating systems. present the exchanges: initially quote the alcurex exchange house and soon will the most important, where everyone can buy and sell our currency. present the central market: are the coin market cap from september supported mobile applications: have simple but effective mobile application available for android and soon for ios. security the transactions are guaranteed the underlying technology: the blockchain. when the transaction made recipient, have absolute certainty that this will the case and not another one who receives our payment. this point must say that different systems trust have been tested that guarantee the agreement between the parties, case having correct some transaction error the transactions. agrolifecoin not subject the intermediation third parties, based point-to-point transactions between the one who transfers the money and the one who receives it. use string classic blockchain which the transactions are public but sha encryption used secure them. impossible falsify duplicate the use advanced cryptography techniques that prevent such fact. the network which supported and the wallets have important security measures, such verifications two phases encryption key pairs. all this guarantees that agrolifecoin coins are used legitimately. the download wallets and the web have been audited computer security companies ensure high level security against hacker attacks malicious uses. security one our main concerns when designing and deploying any our solutions. our prestige company goes it. privacy the technology agrolifecoin allows you send transactions completely anonymously. currencies based the sha algorithm, you can know which coins are spent and which are not, this known utxo. through the agrolifecoin wallet there optimal level anonymity, making the work tracking transactions complex. the current banking model, the level privacy granted its users limited, since access the information the parties involved will always audited trusted third party. the need keep track transactions our systems not incompatible with the need preserve the anonymity the parties involved. this the privacy model promoted blockchain: the transactions are audited without being able identify the people who carry them out. agrolifecoin does not keep any data its servers that allows identify the people who carry out the transactions. does not keep any personal data which explicit consent has not been given for its use required the lopd. thecnology agrolifecoin. technical data algorithm: sha work block reward test: coins per block time between blocks: minute new mines coins staking maturity: pos annual rate: stake minimum age: day. stake maximum age: days pos begin block pow ends block distribution million pre-mined coins have been issued and will used for the following purposes: million distributed million coins for each the co-founders who have financed the project. the first users registered the social network received coins. the first registered who buy least coins alcurex will receive coins. the first people who purchase the pro subscription the social network will give away coins. the rest maintained the company cover and give coins the credit swap. the social network. thecnology agrolifecoin. wallets agrolifecoin wallets are available the following operating systems and repositories: windows macos linux online git what wallet? purse wallet software store, save, receive and send your cryptocurrencies encrypted and therefore secure way. the wallets can compatible with single cryptocurrency, such official portfolios, the other hand, multi-crypto portfolios, commonly created third parties. the portfolio also acts ledger for your transactions. how does wallet work? started contradicting bit the purse definition, since cryptocurrencies tokens are stored your private key and not your wallet. the private key sure code that you can only know, and public key, public code that responsible for indicating the amount cryptocurrencies tokens that your private key wallet has. the security the portfolios developed public private key pair. the ownership your private key gives you full control over your cryptocurrencies associated with their corresponding public keys, extremely important that only you know your private keys. suggest using portfolios the cloud for people with less experience, such the one that agrolifecoin provides. important: convenient download the wallets from the official pages and distrust those that promise profits not reflected the "white papers" the projects that endorse them. never share your password and even less your private key. store them safe place. thecnology agrolifecoin. digital wallets types wallets. agrolifecoin wallets are divided into three categories: hot: hot wallet online wallet permanently connected the internet. wallets the cloud are based web applications within domain. they not require you download the software the wallet your computer. the data stored server the cloud. agrolifecoin has recently completed its development: cold: they are discharge wallets. are installed personal computers and not need permanently connected the network. agrolifecoin has cold coin walletss for practically all operating systems the market. special case cold wallet the one that agrolifecoin has developed for mobile devices with the android operating system. are currently developing one for ios devices. paper: basically code and the private key your wallet. they are the surest way store the coins since some way printed our money. paper wallet composed public key that can share and the private key that must have only under our control. will share the public one receive money and the private one send it. agrolifecoin and the blockchain ecosystem the literal translation "chain blocks". they can one several interconnected not. broadly speaking, large database ordered distributed among several participants, called nodes, which contains all the operations carried out each them. this solution acquires value transactions that require security and transparency without the need ntermediaries. simplifying, could say that blockchain cryptographically distributed and secure network for storing information. agrolifecoin peer-to-peer internet currency that allows instant payments, almost zero cost for anyone the world. agrolifecoin open source, the global payment network that totally decentralized from the central institutions. mathematical algorithms secure the network and allow people control their own finances. agrolifecoin and the blockchain ecosystem the system, two types participants are distinguished: those who send receive transactions: people who have agrolifecoin and use buy and pay for something. processing and validation generated transactions: computer equipments are responsible for resolving and validating operations. there network computers designed guarantee the integrity the data each transaction. once the data has been validated, transactions are included block the chain. all the processing done the computers validate the transactions implies important use energy. this cost paid those who transact and has the name fee. the case agrolifecoin this fee insignificant. important note that what paid not related the amount sent. that is, send usd usd with fee usd, the chances both being validated and included block fast possible are equal. although these fees are lower than what one pays move money through the banking system, must pay them every time want make transaction with agrolifecoin. should noted that the currency premined and this makes these fees very low. agrolifecoin uses the blockchain create electronic money system peer-to-peer. allows the sending payments between both parties directly, without the need for banks financial institutions. benefits agrolifecoin. without bank account: without the need bank accounts you can make your transactions pay for the products you low cost per transfer: your transfers will have cost per transaction much cheaper than any banking agency payments from mobile devices: you can use your mobile make payments comfortable and safe way. fast transaction: the blockchain system makes operations much faster and safer. opportunity: with agrolifecoin you can participate bonuses, affiliate program, staking, generating this way active and passive income the users the currency. multiplatform wallet: for mobile and desktop. the social network will make alliances with companies that generate safe and reliable payment tools through our cryptocurrency. recieve and send agrolifecoin with code. all affiliates will have their payment gateway, e-commerce, wallets and cashiers for currency exchange. why invest agrolifecoin? agrolifecoin the first digital system that has its own social network and integrated payment platform, which will incorporate smart projects its blockchain. having the backing legally constituted companies, our cryptocurrency will generate confidence future investors, hoping that they see intelligent investment. agrolifecoin will allow pay products, goods and services through electronic commerce make donations solidarity projects instantly and privately. agrolifecoin will essential element new projects that will born with the support the currency and the team that supports it. these projects themselves may have more scope than the currency itself. agrolifecoin cryptocurrency, which can sent anywhere the world anonymously and safely and can exchanged for any other currency. agrolifecoin developed with its own blockchain, not ico, cryptocurrency since its creation september since bitcoin appeared became great business opportunity. those who did not take advantage have seen great benefits escape, however the opportunity presented again the hand agrolifecoin. investment backed serious and solid project, with great growth potential, which offers clear business opportunity the medium and long term. agrolifecoin protects against the loss value fiat money and the monetary policies that tend devalue these currencies improve, for example, the export capacity. why invest agrolifecoin? experience shows that investors digital currencies have benefited immensely from the increase prices over time. therefore, investing cryptographic assets offers the opportunity increase your financial assets over time. there are crucial factors consider when investing and want you know that agrolifecoin meets them. acceptability. very important when investing cryptographic asset, knowing where you can change the currency where you can use purchase goods, services products. agrolifecoin fulfills this premise. portability. digital currency must portable. they should able easily carried from one place another without much challenge. with agrolifecoin, thanks their wallets download, you can transport your coins pendrive, always having them safe. security. must also safe. this characteristic all legal currencies. from the dollar the pound sterling, safety common quality. so, good digital currency must also secure and agrolifecoin has all the necessary cryptographic systems make completely secure. "the pioneer the one who gets the great benefits" how invest agrolifecoin are going give you some simple tips how start investing agrolifecoin the long short term depending your investor profile. follow the steps below to: invest the long term. the first step decide how much you would like invest agrolifecoin. everything requires planning and setting objectives. you can buy small amount test how the currency works and reserve the amount you wish invest. finally, you can follow single investment strategy periodically, either weekly monthly. remember that always money you not need for your daily expenses, because any investment should out the budget live. the second step enter the official website https://www.agrolifecoin.org and register use wallet. you will need wallet address request and receive the agrolifecoin that you will buy for your long-term investment. the following videos explain very didactic way the operation the wallets agrolifecoin. download wallet: https://youtu.be/ikyolxpzgys backups: https://youtu.be/khlibnfnguq paper wallet: https://youtu.be/wrur_adnbq wallet web: https://youtu.be/-uwrldpk invest short medium term. for short term investment act the same way long investment. plan the amount your investment and the time periods which you want it. second, join one the exchanges where agrolifecoin has presence and register. from that moment you can change other cryptocurrencies agrolifecoin. inform you about the operation alcurex leave you this video tutorial buy and sell aglc alcurex: https://youtu.be/kdxhcbgq advantages compared other cryptocurrencies. what are the benefits agrolifecoin over other altcoins? our team works every day and continuously achieve the objective mitigating risk through the solidification the project and the development multiple market platforms. addition having the support companies with experience solid and real project such ours. not just idea, not future project, present fact that already available for its use. the great opportunity our agrolifecoin currency its long-term projection, offering all available resources investors, who will the great muscle achieve our goal. agrolifecoin system based the blockchain, the same technology that uses bitcoin but unlike this one with series advantages. among its features can highlight: unlike other cryptocurrencies, agrolifecoin has the backing affiliated trade and associated with the agrolife social network, generating confidence and transforming commerce into the next evolution "the collaborative economy". allows converting any product into digital value the block chain this cryptocurrency. handles very small commission rates, almost zero cost. allows massive access the platform because works directly with your payment system, without relying third parties. handles small and large scale, because our currency allows small payments without problem. has algorithm that focuses providing form distributed and effective marketing reach everyone. the agrolife social network. agrolife social network agriculture, livestock, forestry and fisheries, where everyone can have their space market their products, whether companies individuals. offers all the benefits electronic commerce through online stores regardless what the volume type product you offer. the first social network with online sales platform for agricultural products and the primary sector that adopts the agrolifecoin cryptocurrency payment method. the development team agrolifecoin working this project emerge the social network will make alliances with companies generating secure and reliable payment tools through our cryptocurrency. unlike other cryptocurrencies, agrolifecoin has the backing affiliated and associated commerce, generating confidence and transforming commerce into the next evolution the collaborative economy. all affiliates will have their payment gateway, e-commerce and digital wallets, leading quantitative leap commercial activity. the agrolife social network. farmers any scale, breeders, fishermen, foresters and any person who devotes himself professionally vocationally any the activities the primary sector. more and more people have hobby livelihood some type small-scale agriculture, such ecological urban. consumers and users who are interested the products this sector. every day more people are worried about their diet and they are much more informed about the origin and characteristics the products they consume. companies professionals who wish offer their products and services through any our campaigns. the social network you will find single place the market niche that your activity requires, facilitating its expansion and growth. our social network powerful sectoral promotion tool. people who want use our cryptocurrency means payment investment. the agrolife social network: services free services they are all those services that all our users can enjoy for free. service description photo album create and publish albums and photos. affiliate program earnings for promoting the network. credits earn credits activity and convert them into agrolifecoin (aglc). videos publish videos. forums publish and reply topics forums. groups create groups. ideas create and share ideas. events create events. fundraising create projects and receive donations. contests create and publish contests about content. unlimited pro services these are the services accessible through the pro subscription. this category acquired through single payment without expiration. service description classified ads publish ads. stores create stores and sell products. video channels create video channels. unlimited premium services they are services that are acquired temporary subscription pay per click (ptc). service description multiple listings publish lists product sales. business directory publish your company the network directory. social ads publish text and image ads banners. unlimited the social network. premium services multiple listings available features allow adding photos the photos tab. allow adding videos the videos tab. allow adding discussions the discussions tab. each the packages allows you use five templates, three images and three videos except the free package that allows template, video and photo. personalization duration publication price days free days eur days eur days eur days eur business directory available features allows managing your own page allows users join companies. allows the business owner add contact forms. allows you add more custom fields your business. allows multiple administrators. available modules albums, events, videos, discussions, classifieds and contests. available categories agriculture, livestock, beekeeping, forestry and fishing. duration publication price days free days eur days eur without time limit eur social ads product characteristics clicks you can announce: events, videos, classifieds, albums and photos. impressions you can announce: classifieds. clicks you can announce: banners. price eur eur eur the agrolife social network. credits group earnings per daily activity action certain activities will rewarded with credits. this the detailed list: advanced album action credits upload picture. max. day classifieds action credits publish ad. core action credits max. day registration. log in. like article. join network. comment article. new friendship. like message the wall. status message. comment post the wall. share element the wall. edit profile publish another profile. update profile photo. share article. share link event action credits max. day max. day create group. create topic group. reply message group. upload photo the group. join group. store action max. day credits credits max. day publish store. send new product. buy new product. video action credits upload video. max. day affiliate action credits max. day buy music. publish store. publish product. buy product. publish offer. buy offer. publish auction. suscription. buy auction. contest action credits max. day publish new contest. publish new entry. join contest. create event. join event. create theme event. action respond topic event. add new campaign. upload photo event. donate campaign. fundraising credits max. day ideas forum action credits max. day action credits max. day publish forum topic. add new trophy. reply forum topic. add new idea. social network. benefits affiliates all users earn credits for their daily activities, which can then exchanged for agrolifecoin cryptocurrencies. thus the social network becomes additional source revenue for users within it. agrolifecoin has thought all the users that they can earn money even for free, for example publishing agricultural books and selling them simply member that promotes the social network. the more people who are part the social network, the more possibilities profit there will for everyone. earnings free members level level level level level agrolifecoin creates referral system that allows users obtain additional income for purchases and activities carried out. this stimulates the growth the network since invites join the community, generating commissions the fifth generation. level profit members pro level level level level disclaimer: agrolifecoin social network that has affiliate program, not multi-level business. only try support the collaborative economy being element added value encourage the interest the collaborating members the social network. social network. benefits affiliates free users: the social network agrolifecoin free platform for all users who join and everyone will entitled the affiliate program and enjoy many benefits, among the most outstanding, the usual ones for the activity the own social network agrolifecoin are: concepts level level level level level purchase the pro subscription advertise for your store buy products advertise your products publish your company highlight your company publish product multiple listings highlights product multiple listings post text banner highlights your profile publish contest pro users: the social network agrolifecoin also offers pro subscription aimed any person company that wants promote their business, product service. also good opportunity for those who want turn the social network into means develop economic activity. with single payment for life, users can use all the pro resources the network, have exclusive spaces, being the social network perfect tool for your business. pro users get double the credits for daily activities the social network. concepts level level level level level purchase the pro subscription advertise for your store buy products advertise your products publish your company highlight your company publish product multiple listings highlights product multiple listings post text banner highlights your profile publish contest roadmap. first meeting define the agrolifecoin project. may launch the agrolife social network. june launch the currency and inclusion coinmarketcap. development the first download wallet. october first appearance alcurex exchange house. november creation the agrolifegren company march integration the currency the agrolife social network february payment gateway with prepaid cards included. purchase and start-up farms acuaponia ... march conclusions agriculture seeks innovation improve the way address problems, and the near future agrolifecoin will identified the cryptocurrency the agricultural sector that came give solutions very real demands it. will help avoid the abuses the monetary unexpected policies that devaluations promote with the consequent general impoverishment the most disadvantaged. itself can understood means aims establish fairer and more equitable relationship between those who produce and those who consume, reducing intermediation costs and reducing the value chain. investment since its growth will driven and encouraged that the other cryptocurrencies. enough see the revaluation other altcoins understand the investment opportunity and growth this emerging currency. will contribute the sustainability the agricultural sector facilitating its economic viability through the general reduction costs. indirectly, environmental strength and enthusiasm, which counts will quality improve linked the agricultural and livestock activity. will stimulate the use renewable energies and promote the creation employment those places where most necessary: emerging countries. will create financial fabric that will make possible the start-up new projects those places where does not exist. agrolifecoin was born project full among its ranks group capable, young and visionary people. has undeniable potential for growth. legal note. this document "white paper" contains the terms, restrictions and conditions that govern the use the agrolifecoin system. agrolifecoin, cryptocurrency based the analysis mathematical operations, addition being internet application "protocol" that allows the exchange value the form cryptocurrency. this value can contracts, intellectual property, shares general any tradable property. the information contained this document intended for individuals, companies, societies, individuals legal entities any other entity. the misuse this information, reproduction, modification disclaims total responsibility before jurisdictions where said use could contrary the regulation regulation that can implemented the institutional process each country circulation. computer equipment are tools for data processing that their nature are subject eventual failures, either their own operation their programs. for this reason, you should take the usual preventive measures computer activity keep all your information backed up, well having the necessary capacity execute your processes. certain statements, estimates and information constitute forward-looking information. modifications unknown risks may cause events that generate discomfort that differ implicit explicit results. links the following links can find information interest relative the currency and the social network. pagina oficial moneda http://www.agrolifecoin.org red social http://www.agrolifecoin.com http://pool.agrolifecoin.org: explorer moneda casa cambio facebook https://alcurex.com/#aglc-btc https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/agrolifecoin/#tools https://www.youtube.com/channel/uc-xxdswt_mewdxwurha https://www.facebook.com/agrolifecoin reddit https://www.reddit.com/user/agrolifecoin twitter https://twitter.com/agrolifecoin telegram https://t.me/joinchat/gptuyqtekisjugukxa https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic= coin market cap youtube bitcointalk