executive summary aichain public chain that specially designed blockchain infrastructure for applications. aichain has the advantages blockchain technology, such decentralization, open sourcing, tamper-proof security and anonymity, solve the current challenges such data domination. however, different from other blockchains that are strictly constrained data size and programming languages, aichain uses technologies such plug-in visual machines, out-of-chain storage and api, allow for larger data sets and different programming languages. moreover, the ability attract applications, users and developers remains the key challenge for all competing blockchain platforms, aichain has gained strong competitive advantage building strategic partnerships with multiple applications teams among data suppliers, application developers, platform resource providers and consumers. our vision for aichain create platform that can facilitate the communication, cooperation and data sharing among participants enabling data transaction, protecting data security and disrupting data concentration, therefore improving the efficiency and productivity the industry and allowing everybody, not just the tech giants, get the most out the digitalization era. contents the background aichain...................................................................................... the rise blockchain technology......................................................................................................... the development and the current status ai.................................................................................... how blockchain can improve ai............................................................................................................. the challenges merging with blockchain.................................................................................... how aichain going solve the challenges.................................................................................... the aichain platform................................................................................................ overview aichain............................................................................................................................... the technology aichain.................................................................................................................... the ecosystem aichain................................................................................................................... the market position aichain.......................................................................................................... the aichain applications under development................................................................................ development plan aichain................................................................................ development road map aichain.................................................................................................... future iterative planning aichain.................................................................................................. ait............................................................................................................................... introduction ait................................................................................................................................. distribution plan ait......................................................................................................................... ait issuing.............................................................................................................................................. aichain foundation................................................................................................. establishment the foundation......................................................................................................... governance principle............................................................................................................................. aichain governance model................................................................................................................. aichain human resource management............................................................................................ risk assessment and decision making mechanism aichain foundation aichain foundation economy............................................................................................................. aichain team........................................................................................................... core team members.............................................................................................................................. advisory team........................................................................................................................................ strategic partners.................................................................................................................................. disclaimer liability and risk factors risk factors................................................................................................................................................... aichain whitepaper the background aichain the rise blockchain technology blockchain one the mostly discussed ical innovation and industrial change technology today potential successor global scale. the internet. the technology combines set existing technologies, including blockchain tamper-proof and decen- distributed data storage, peer-to-peer tralized data structure that joins data transmission, consensus mechanism and blocks chronologically. the nature the encryption algorithm, comprising new blockchain distributed ledger system. way data formation, transmission, encrypted digital assets, like bitcoin, the storage and usage. the breakthroughs digital currency this system. other brought blockchain technology have the words, blockchain serves the underlying potential fundamentally change existing technology for digital assets and for economic and financial modes operation distributed, encrypted and credible and may even lead new technolog- accounting and clearing system. blockchain technology has the following advantages: decentralized decentralization the fundamental characteristic blockchain. traditional centralized network system, the destruction central node can paralyze the entire system. however, for the blockchain network, due the use distributed ledger and storage, there centralized hardware institution, rights and obligations any node are equal. therefore, data blocks the system will maintained and protected all the notes the system, and attacking node cannot destroy the entire network. open source blockchain adapts open source system, which promotes communication, participation, and development. except for the private information transaction parties, blockchain publishes all its data and codes, that anyone can query blockchain aichain whitepaper data and the development related applications. the entire system highly transparent. tamper-proof once piece information has been verified and added the blockchain, the information the chain backed each the nodes the network permanently. result, tamper with the information, the only way attack the entire system, requiring computation power stronger than all the combined computation power the earth. therefore, the data the network nearly impossible tamper with. anonymity the blockchain system, although all data logging and operation updates are made public the whole network node, the private information the trader handled hash encryption, which allows anonymous data exchange for the transaction. encryption simply method conversion that converts the original information through algorithm. the recipient the information can decipher secret key. the blockchain uses many established encryption algorithms ensure the system reliable and secure. block chain technology, after the steam technology and the internet have revo- engine, electricity, information and lutionized traditional industries, such internet technology, has the highest retail, music and publications. the block potential the core technology that chain technology has potential achieve triggers fifth revolutionary wave. just decentralized digital asset transfer and the steam engine freed people's produc- promote the transformation from the"infor- tivity, electricity has solved the most mation internet" the "value internet". basic needs people, and information aichain whitepaper the development and the current status investment growing fast artificial intelligence (ai) enables automation some tasks that have long required human labor. these transforma- the same mckinsey report also revealed tions will open new opportunities for that the investment growing individuals, the economy, and society and high rate. companies invested unleash the next wave digital evolution. usd artificial intelligence globally, number that accounts for times the enormous potential benefits have external investment growth since already been widely accepted, and the industry has been accelerating. according percent this spent r&d and the mckinsey report: deployment, and percent acquisi-tions. and financing, grants, and can bring tangible benefits seed investments also grew rapidly, albeit serious adopters from small base, combined total billion billion. serious adopters are able obtain real countries have been competing value through that early adopters that combine strong digital capability with proactive strategies have higher profit us, china, japan and european countries margins and expect the performance gap all have provided favorable regulations with other firms widen the future and funding support encourage the areas least retail, electric utilities, development. december the ministry manufacturing, health care, and education. industry and information technology according accenture, companies (miit) china announced the "encourage that can successfully implement will the new generation development increase their profit average. three year plan(-)", aiming gain besides that, will bring trillion gva the global competition the technology (gross value added) countries and the year industries. with world-wide enthusiasm and several technological breaks though, the future industry seems brighter and more tangible than over. aichain whitepaper however, several challenges still remian until can see its full potential: data concentrated the hands and stored centralized databases. few large players however, users who helped generate the data cannot benefit from the process. loves data. the more data, the better the models. however, under the current model, the quality and "trainability" big data mainly collected and dominated data question large players that difficult for startup team lunch project. big data has great potential enhance artificial intelligence models the ownership data unclear providing richer and more comprehensive data sets. however, big data itself facing sensors are embedded all sorts challenge vs, namely, variety, velocity everyday objects, from connected cars and volume, leading noisy, messy, devices across the iot, consumer data will unstructured and difficult-to-interpret data generated exponentially these devices set. aichain whitepaper how blockchain can improve the characteristics blockchain can its technical structure. moreover, overcome the challenges and blockchain allows data exchanged for transform by: value easily, incentivizes data providers provide clean and easy use data. decentralized/shared control encourages data sharing native assets/exchanges public blockchain, data can shared leads training/testing data models among different ecosystems glob- intellectual property (ip) assets, which al-scale ecosystem. all participants leads decentralized data model the industry: consumers, developers, exchanges. also gives better control for resource providers and data suppliers can upstream usage data. freely exchange resources and value global scale and improve global efficiency. claiming copyright and licensing data for instance, spikes energy usage models was possible before blockchain some factories china might correlated technology. the laws have been place for with fraudulent auto parts emerging while. but blockchain technology makes the market day's worth shipping better, because: later. overall, blockchain will facilitate the process aggregating, sanitizing, someone has created data model, repackaging and circulating data. will permanently recorded the improve data quality blockchain. the creator can claim the copyright, regardless having the intention commercialize it. leads provenance training/testing data models, improving the trustworthi- with the copy right, the creator can ness the data models. this application license usage rights others. for example, addresses the fact that you train you can license your data someone else faulty data, then you'll get faulty model. build their own model. likewise for testing data.faulty input, faulty output. tamper-resistant global public registry helps the creator protect the copy right the blockchain improves the credibility any disrupt occurs. the data set utilizing game theory and aichain whitepaper the challenges merging with blockchain size and programming language few applications have been constrains hinder applications running current blockchains currently, all blockchains targeting one key benefit blockchains data applications are based the ethereum, sharing, without sufficient applications whose capability limited the size the blockchain share their data, the and programing language its virtual value the blockchain cannot fully machine. simple application such utilized. for developers, it's their best cryptokitties has caused the ethereum interest wait and see which blockchain blockchain crash and slow down. attracts real applications before they therefore, although the ethereum devote their time and energy develop blockchain might good for writing application the blockchain. result, smart contracts and recording transaction can see that momentum this market history, for complicated applications such significant factor and attracting the ai, blockchain has upgrade its design first group developers considered support larger data set and more most difficult. the current blockchains, advanced programming languages. however, still not have initial adopters. how aichain solves the challenges consensus only include the description and tag such data the chain, therefore ensuring that aichain use artificial intelligence sophisticated applications and large data control the block chain machine sets can run the aichain platform. learning intelligent algorithm. use easy adoption select the super node, this has brought the efficiency, fairness participation, and can avoid the threat human attack. aichain provides api dedicated deploying, extracting, and enquiring out-of-chain data storage application data resources, thereby allowing developers easily connect aichain will store executable files and applications the aichain platform resource data outside the blockchain and and complete user identity verification, aichain whitepaper payment verifications and on, without the requirement understanding the underlying blockchain technology. ready-to-use applications the aichain team has rich experience technologies and are running multiple successful applications. unlike other blockchain platforms that depend external applications, applications run the aichain team will the first group applications run the chain,o kickstarting the momentum and attract more applications into the platform. aichain whitepaper the aichain platform overview aichain the aichain will focus artificial production relationship. the purpose intelligence controlling the block chain aichain build digital asset using machine learning intelligent entitlement platform with blockchain algorithm. this will improve the block underlying ledger. under the protection chain performance. aichain use data ownership, data owners are select the supernode, and get high encouraged share data, and therefore efficiency, fairness participation, and application developers will have more data get rid the threat human factors create more valuable applications and the threat attack. the application meet the needs all participants and the level where supplies new produc- market, making the entire ecosystem richer tivity, blockchain will used maintain and more robust. the purpose aichain to: intelligence credible and reliable create benign ecosystem and environment; encourage more people participate the development and implementation applications; turn privately generated data into more refined services for everyone. promote the development artificial ultimately, hope the aichain platform attract more people participate will transform the industry inartificial intelligence and truly realize redirecting the power from monopolistic the sound ecological development co-con- companies autonomous communities, struction and sharing. aichain whitepaper the technical aichain for low-level consensus aichain uses the machine learning method make statistical analysis the historical block data select the super nodes and adopt the common understanding mechanism poa+pow. the process analysis and selection follows: this process entirely the result the work the pow each mining account node select qualified node become super node; and the super node itself uses the mechanism poa ensure the speed block creation high speed improve the speed transaction confirmation. everyone has the opportunity participate the mining and become super node. long the pow model makes good account contribution other nodes, the robot will analyze and select the node into the super node queue. when all the super nodes are all dried out and can't work, all the other nodes still have the opportunity carry out pow mining, and the next round, the robot chosen new super node and continue work. aichain has the opportunity become super node through nodes that can automatically adapt the network environment and have more transactions. achieve the purpose self adjustment and adaptation. aichain whitepaper for applicaton level: this will explain how the aichain works using example about identification cats and dogs pictures. for complete understanding the aichain, you might refer our technical yellow paper. suppose there are main bodies (companies individuals): companies specializing image tagging, expecting gain revenue suppling the data needs. companies specializing developing applications, expecting gain rewards developing applications. companies having lot resources such graphics servers, tensorflow and caffe platform operating environments, expecting make money renting out those resources ordinary user who has bunch cat and dog pictures, hoping for tool help him store the pictures category. scenario developers need data complete machine learning order develop applications the data provider, who owns pictures cats and dogs, well the tag (cat dog) for each picture. the consumer the data, company that develops application that can identify cats and dogs pictures. aichain whitepaper scenario users use their own computer run "cat dog" application application provider that develops the "cat dog" identification application. the application provider then deploys the information the application the aichain for users download the "cat dog" application executable file data ordinary users who have their own graphics card computer that can support the cats and dogs application. scenario users usecomputer resources provided the platform run the "cat dog" application step release the "cat dog" application the blockchain and provide application executable file data for users download. step user does not have suitable computer run the "cat dog" application, he/she need borrow c's platform resources, which can obtained transferring aits the adu address the resource provided step then releases graphics server resource step then pays aits obtain the adu address the "cat dog" application from step download and run the "cat dog" the computer resource rented from the platform. then can upload the picture and finish the classification. aichain whitepaper other details wallet for payment the data provider, data providers, application providers, the application provider and the platform and platform resource providers all deploy resource providers, resource providers their own resources the blockchain have enough information verify the creating single transaction. user's identity and whether there enough virtual money pay. (see chapter consumers need transfer virtual aichain yellow paper for details.) currency the address the adu unit apply for the right use. all applications agree develop and run under the unified docker img running the subsequent process, consumers environment released the aichain need provide the public key their ensure compatibility. aichain whitepaper the ecosystem aichain using blockchain technology ensure the layer resources and empower everyone get sovereignty the data and provide robust the most out ai. market place for all participants the the aichain ecosystem, there are four industry, the aichain able incentivize groups participants: more participants join the aichain community and gradually enrich the data aichain whitepaper the market position aichain for business (developers and data suppliers): resource sharing platform aichain public infrastructure, which data ownership, encourage specialization not only connects participants but also and improve productivity. aichain able promotesresource sharing among thm, benefit everyone within the system and order disrupt data concentration, protect increase the total value the platform. further improve the efficiency data changhong electric, easyai, institute sharing the platform, aichain will beidou applied technology launch search engine that both suppliers and consumers can easily find data supplier: national business daily, match. zhibo, san qian ke, chuan huo live, huo yan finance, dou mao, bingo talk, currently, aichain has already made miracle vr, miracle media, sceneryfish, strategic partnerships with multiple matrix game, guangman bingdian developers and data suppliers: comment developers: netposa, coolpad mobile, aichain whitepaper for consumers: application store for consumers, aichain can simply the aichain aims provide all possible regarded application store where applications that cover the needs they can assemble different applications consumers and provide convenience for into their own, special applications. the their personal and professional lives, training applications, using consumers' such consulting, analysis, and own personal data, makes them truly medication. retailer-made and unique. all the transactions are done through ait. the aichain applications under development attract more participates the aichain aichain. aichain ecosystem. developing several applications for the aichain has been developing several community and speed the formation applications. recruitment the current recruitment process often job seekers' sensitive information. requires the matching services provided result, job-seekers face the risk private third-party platforms, and therefore, information leakage, which leads those platforms collect significant amount frustrating calls and email harassment and aichain whitepaper whitepaper other security issues. the company express interest, access the resume the applicant granted. recruitment, which can found the aichain though the aichain search the same time, the job seeker engine, creates safe hiring and job intends apply, they can send their seeking environment where: resume the company. companies can post job descrip- whether the user business tions and requirements and candidates individual, they just need select the can describe their own educational relevant application the store, and background, abilities and work experience, pay developers the ait use their own completely anonymous blockchain data resources create personalized system. smart recruitment process. this will signifi-cantly improve hiring efficiency and smart recruitment applications match avoid the risk third-party platforms both sides through algorithms, and their information feedback. assistant storing significant amounts personal information. the users will have their own smart watching drama; assistant. the assistant will not only help users schedule and find information, but various meetings, the assistant will not also accompany them chat, watching only help you record the content the movies, and playing video games, which meeting, but also help you remember many people hope for. the identity and appearance each participant; with the development many applications, the future, everyone can use the during live broadcast, the host's application store transfer the intelligent intelligent assistant will participate and assistant module and input their own interact with fans according the instruc- information and requirements, generating tions the host; the user's intelligent dedicated virtual intelligent assistant will assistant may send gifts the host and generated. the whole process just like interact with the host's assistants. downloading app mobile phone. the game world, the exclusive intelligent daily life, the assistant will chat with assistant will replace the traditional role you any time, watch sports game with participation the game. players will you, and share your joys and sorrows when feel more kind person, and the assistant aichain whitepaper can even continue the game when you must and rememeber all preferences. the temporarily leave. interaction increases and deepens, the accumulated personal data will help the the future, the virtual assistant will assistant better accommodate you, and more personalized and will able have unique charisma. identify you appearance, your voice, vr-ai tutor online education always attracts lot customized content: learning plans and attention because offers huge variety materials will adopted automatically contents and enables students listen through interactions with the learner the class provided world class achieve optimized learning outcomes. instructors low financial and time cost. engaging delivery method: simulates however, the problem with current in-class and other more engaging learning online education that the content environment that learners not need not interactive and engaging enough for stare the screen for long periods, making students stay interested. for fun learning experience. the combination and can solve right now, vr-ar tutor focus child this problem providing: education. the future, vr-ar tutors will extended more subdivided areas such rich online learning resources: bringing learning foreign languages, musical together all kinds online education instruments, dance, calligraphy and resources, teacher courses, without time painting well counseling models for and space constraints. adults that you can learn without leaving home. aichain whitepaper development plan aichain development road map aichain june project started aug. proof concept nov. white paper completed. signed strategic partnership dec. project promotion technical yellow paper completed finalize basic parameters and pow consensus parameters collect some data for consensus development. launch ait start develop aichain full nodes with consensus, poa+pow mining algorithms and trading application information expansion start develop ait-based application distribution platform complete aichain full nodes mining and trading transformation and release the test environment. complete the development the mining program, released the test environment. complete the ait-based application distribution platform development, release the test environment complete digital asset entitlement platform development. complete all aichain nodes and consensus fork integration, release formal network operation release project code and related parameters the open source code integrating the exchange photo and voice data based dae platform, with virtual character application. aichain whitepaper complete the function development trusted block data points aichain. the purpose reduce the volume synchronized block data, reduce storage pressure, and ensure the long run main chain. the consensus decision making distributed network added independent the block chain, and the mechanism analysis and decision transferred independent robot network. future iterative planning aichain iteration the underlying architecture when the aichain code itself loopholes, usually takes system upgrade. loophole needs analyzed, tested and audited code committee and submitted the decision-making committee for filing. when the following major loopholes (not limited to) take system upgrade: affect user funds major safety issues affect system security when minor vulnerabilities occur, the code board patched directly. business application iteration the aichain will completely open source project. the aichain system hopes link the block chain with reality through technical innovation and conceptual innovation. therefore, commercial applications, the aichain foundation will select the appropriate third-party cooperation, industry and application iteration. aichain whitepaper ait introduction ait ait decentralized blockchain digital asset that issued through aichain and serves medium exchange the aichain platform. the aichain will adopt the consensus mechanism pow and will generate .billionait when the aichain officially released. the initial token generated the erc contract. will arranged replace the main chain token, after the main chain aichain officially run. distribution plan ait the specific details aits allocation shown the following table proportion distribution plan quota (in million aits) private sale: round private sale: round foundation founders and developers reserve for mining allocation details soft cap: total ait unfilled part will rolled round will released based future funding needs. the ait price round will higher than round the exact price will depend the situation. for application expansion community management talents and equipment will gradually leased over years with each year the reserved tokens will produced ait miner after the main chain officially run aits for investors are generated once and will distributed investors based private sales. the remaining part aits will retained the aichain foundation and released only upon project implementation. any such ait release will published within working days. after the aichain main chain launches, the released erc tokens will gradually replaced main chain tokens. the rest will frozen and destroyed forever. aichain whitepaper ait issuing private sale round arrangement vip other qualified investors total aits for :am jan.th, gmt :pm jan.th, :pm jan.th, beijing time :pm jan.th, :pm jan.th, canada est :am jan.th, :am jan.st, gmt :pm jan.th, :pm jan.st, beijing time :am jan.th, :am feb.st, soft cap ait ait qualified investor btc equivalent eth/bch/eos vip btc equivalent eth/bch/eos upper purchase limit ait releasing time :am jan.th, ait total ait) round hard cap canada est none around working days after private sale. for the exact schedule, please refer official announcement aichain whitepaper exchange rate the aichain foundation will accept btc, eth, bch,and eos exchange for aits this round. the exchange rate based the market price btc, eth, bch, and eos coinmarket cap onjan.th, :am est. for detailed information, please refer the official announcement. vips have the option purchase ait with off and one month lock-in period, starting from the date when ait launched exchange. btc ait eth ait bch eos the exchange ait ait aits scheduled exchange february for details, please refer the official announcement. aichain whitepaper aichain foundation establishment the foundation the aichain foundation "foundation" the aichain team commissioned trusted the following paper) non-profit third party organization assist the organization established singapore. team setting foundation entities the foundation will act aichain's singapore and maintain the day-to-day sponsor entity, committed supporting operations well reporting the aichain's development, construction and entity architecture. after establishing the governance, transparency, advocacy, and foundation, the appropriate members promotion work, well promoting the the community were selected join the safety and harmonious development the functional committee the foundation community. participate the actual management and decision-making. governance principle the design objective the aichain the strategy formulation, the management foundation governance structure mainly effectiveness, the risk control and the focuses the sustainability the efficient operation the platform economy. aichain platform, the effectiveness the combination centralized governance and distributed architecture although there are arguments advocating absorb the concept the management that blockchain de-centralized structure central governance, including distributed self-governance community the highest decision-making authority system, believe that absolute decentral- strategic committee and major issues ization may bring absolute "fairness" but the centralized procedure improve the would more likely further "inefficient". efficiency the whole operation the therefore, the core idea the foundation community. aichain whitepaper the function committee and functional units co-operste the function the committee and exist virtual architecture where its functional units co-operate the members the committee may from foundation's daily affairs, which will set any place the world and not have permanent functional units, such work full-time. however, must meet the r&d department, marketing department, requirements the committee's expert operation department, financial, and qualifications and able present human resources departments handle and make comments when the committee daily affairs. required present. the functional committee will also set regular the same time, functional committee meeting system ensure the effective set make decisions the important promotion major decision-making functions the foundation. unlike the matters. functional units, functional committees risk oriented governance principles risk management will the most when making sure the foundation makes important element the process important decisions, take full account studying the strategic development the risk factors, the possibility and aichain. computer technology with influence their occurrence, and take on-going evolution, the development corresponding countermeasures through blockchain still its infancy, very decision-making. thus, the development important inderstand its development and iteration aichain the right trends. the principle risk management, path. technology and commerce coexisting from the creation the aichain, has the foundation and the community, while always adhered the close integration further promoting the foundation well the business with its purpose. the the development and improvement foundation also follows this objective. aichain. the foundation also takes full even the foundation will present account this principle the selection non-profit organization, the foundation talent and its architecture. focuses wants get maximum possible attracting experts with technical expertise, recognition the business world, including industry experts who have generte business revenue, feedback deep understanding business. aichain whitepaper transparency and supervision referring the governance experience the foundation will publish unified the traditional commercial world, information collection window, while aichain foundation also intends set ensuring the privacy the information special monitoring and reporting collected. the same time, the foundation channels (whistle-blower). designated publishes periodic reports and news the strategic decision committee releases the form community partic- window and welcome the community ipation all parties disclose the participants join the management, foundation operation and development supervision and operation whistle- aichain. meanwhile, the main contacts blower channel. those include, but are not the foundation management will limited to, new breakthroughs recom- fully open, and accept the supervision and mendations that have significant implica- liaison the participants. tions for the foundation the blockchain technologies, community operations issues, crisis information and fraud reporting, etc. aichain whitepaper aichain governance model the organizational structure aichain with the reference the operation foundation raised combination traditional entities, the foundation will set specialized committee and functional functional committees, including the departments, which will deal with daily strategic steering committee, the technical work and special matters. this section will audit committee, the remuneration and discuss the functions the functional nomination committee and the public committees the foundation well relations committee. the functions the major functional departments. figure aichain functional committee structure graphic strategic steering committee the strategic steering committee the the appointment and rotation resolution top the committee. the main objective the secretary general the foundation. provide guidance the aichain community and lead the community the appointment and dismissal development. the committee's responsibili- the chief executive and the head each ties include but are not limited to: functional committee. modifying governance structure the foundation review and amendment foundation. the constitution. the formation and rotation resolution the strategic decisions aichain the strategic steering committee. development. aichain whitepaper aichain's core technology changes and committee has one vote, and the chairman upgrades. the foundation has two votes. decisions made the decision committee must emergency decisions and crisis approved more than half all members management agendas. the committee. the members the strategic committee addition, the person charge shall and the president the foundation will convene the decision committee hold serve for two years and the chairman interim meeting within working days the fund shall not reappointed for more the event the following circumstances: than two sessions. the general secretary the foundation considers necessary. the end the tenure strategic steering committee members, the community will elect representatives, more than the decision committee and then out the will elected members jointly propose it. the core members the new strategic committee. the core members shall agree the strategic sheering committee meetings investigated during their tenures and shall attended the members disclose their compensation package. the committee. members are unable attend, they may entrust the other important matters need decided members the committee writing. the decision committee with open vote. failing delegate forfeits the right vote each member the strategic steering the meeting. general secretary the general secretary the highest and public relations, well connecting responsible person aichain admin- various business unit with the governance istration. the responsibility make structure the functional committee. the guidance and coordinate the daily secretary general will regularly report operation foundation, technology the strategic steering committee. development, community maintenance technical audit committee the technical audit committee technology research, development direction comprised core aichain technology blockchain, underlying technology developers, who are responsible for the development, open port development and aichain whitepaper review, technology development, and dynamics and hotspots the community patent examination. and industry, communicate with participants the community, and hold technical seminars regular basis. addition, members the technical audit committee regularly study the remuneration and nomination committee the remuneration and nomination tions the foundation. committee responsible for the appointment key managers the the remuneration and nomination foundation. the committee shall establish committee regularly reviews the rules procedure, assess the competency performance all the foundation staff, the management, and authorize appoint- counsel the human resource structure ments. the same time, the committee sets and raise different incentive measures compensation system encourage attract talented experts. people who have made important contribu- public relation committee the public relationship center serve responsible for public announcements. the community and responsible for there any event which affects the marketing campaigns and promotions reputation the foundation, the committee netpuneai platform, products, and shall conduct response after other related matters. the center also internal evaluation. supervisory committee highly independent and autonomous investigate corresponding improve- body, the supervisory committee set ments, ensure that the foundation inside the foundation independent operation perfectly complies with laws and risk control for the overall operation regulations, and monitor the foundation's the foundation. the supervisory overall risk. committee conducts day-to-day guidance the foundation's legal and compliance the commission reports directly the departments. the same time, the committee strategic decisions and does foundation will set mechanism for not have any conflicts overlaps with reporting transparency and supervision other functions the foundation. receive internal and external reports, aichain whitepaper other functional departments the foundation refers enterprise the functional departments maintain system framework and sets day-to-day the normal operation the aichain operations such human resources, foundation, and directly deal with the administration, finance, marketing, relevant parties the commercial society, research and development (or laboratory) such enterprise customers, suppliers, units, etc. regulators and the three party service organizations. aichain human resource management aichain committed creating the the foundation will focus recruiting world's most influential open source excellent technology developers and community ensure the smooth managers with deep understandings the development the technology and the business. continuity the foundation operation, talent recruitment based the characteristics "blockchain and review procedures ensure that without borders", the foundation welcome foundations attract the right people. talented people from all over the world join the foundation. addition open source community, aichain the individual posisitions that must will not only recruit full-time developers, recruited locally (e.g., logistics managers), but also employ well-known industry recruitment not limited the place technical advisers. relevant hiring and work the typeof work. aichain salary requires discussion and decision, foundation will, the same time, follow and signing the terms cooperation the best practices human resource remuneration and nomination committee. management, develop appropriate human resources plans, recruitment procedures performance appraisal aichain will the performance sively consider technology development, appraisal based commercial company's business expansion effect, economic best practice guidelines, which comprehen- operation, fund risk control management aichain whitepaper etc. the performance appraisal award decision committee for review, and will submitted the remuneration and opti-mization plan worked out. nomination committee and the strategic risk assessment and decision making mechanism aichain foundation innovative technology, blockchain activities. not only breakthrough computer core technology, but also challenge the for major risks, the strategic decision traditional commercial society. therefore, committee will discuss and make the importance the risk management decisions. will classify risks based system self-evident. the aichain event characteristics, such event impact, foundation committed building extent impact, probability tokens and risk-oriented sustainable chain block probability occurrence, and decisions communities. will continue operate based priority. for priority events, the risk management the foundation which relevant committees the foundation shall includes the establishment risk system, organized soon possible. risk assessment, risk response and series aichain foundation economy its economic operations, the foundation digital asset income through community promotes the following major principles: eco operations. under the arrangement the third party trust, will transparently nonprofit the main principle, and give distribute all the benefits all operations back the community; and community development. sustainable development the foundation will set full-time financial management team maintain its financial and digital assets. the financial collaboration and sharing resources management team reports directly financially, the foundation will the strategic decision committee, and seek balance between expanding and regularly prepare the financial reports and community development. addition disclosures the foundation. the initial funding received during the ico, the foundation will able obtain aichain whitepaper ..fund use restriction the use aichain assets line with public sale: the principles openness and transparency. according the distribution and exceeding the value million budget, aichain will set separate yuan (or equivalent digital assets) requires account and digital asset wallet address approval the head the financial unit used depository institutions gor digital and the secretary general. asset supervision and regularly share the community. over million yuan (or equivalent digital assets) will need approved the principle the use revenue from the the strategic steering committee. financial planning and implementation reports each quarter, the financial and personnel the formation financial reports will management committee prepare the submitted the strategic steering financial planning and summarize the committee for approval. last quarter financial performance. digital asset management the digital assets belonging the practice guidelines financial control, the foundation are appropriated the foundation requires multiple signatures strategic decision committee, and ensure the safety and accuracy the the full-time financial personnel are assets. all the collected coins are subject responsible for the arrangement. digital the timely transfer digital assets and assets and transaction currency are the digital wallet. foundation assets are not arranged independently with timely deposited individual accounts. financial accounting. following the best digital wallet management based the principle independence, steering committee. majority tokens will aichain foundation's wallet adopts cold saved, and the remaining will multi signature. added signatures are used through multiple signatures. subject the approval the strategic aichain whitepaper disclosure matters each year, the foundation will inform the meanwhile, the public relations community aichain's development, committee, which serves external operations, business promotions and window, will hold regular and periodic the foundation's operations. disclose meetings and releases materials the the financial health the foundation, public. unaudited quarterly and audited annual financial reports will released. aichain whitepaper aichain team core team members aichain team formed elites from ai, internet and blockchain fields, including world renowned scholars from top universities such harvard, ucla, and tsinghua. the core team members aichain are: master electronic engineering hua zhong university science and technology. mr. duan the former cto beijing bitmain technololy co., ltd and was responsible for developing and managing mining software and cross platform mining algorithms for bitcoin, eth, and other cryptocurrencies. over the past years, mr. duan has accumulated rich industrial experience the technical structure virtual digital currency wallets and exchanges. kai duan mr.duan responsible for the aichain architecture design and development team management, including the design the third party application implemented with the aichain. ph.d. the university california los angeles department mathematics, master and bachelor university science and technology china. currently, dr. yan assistant professor computational mathematics and engineering the university michigan. prior that, served assistant professor the department mathematics the university california. dr. yan's research focuses large data parallel computing dr. ming, yan and distributed algorithm optimization, and has aichain whitepaper extensive research experience blockchain, cryptography, and data mining. dr. yan will provide depth algorithm support for aichain the core mathematical model block chain, core algorithm artificial intelligence, and parallel computing large data. ph.d. the university california. bachelor and master tsinghua university. dr.zou worked alex network, microsoft asia research institute, and some were successful acquisition listing start-ups part-time the non cpu network architecture, heterogeneous computing (such gpu and fpga), load optimization fields research and application the block depth. chain based digital currency and its chip design optimization, have deep under- dr. yi, zou standing the transaction algorithm hardware. dr. zou responsible for the design and optimization the chip design the aichain block chain direction digital money miner. ph.d. aeronautics and electronic information engineering beijing university. mr. zhang previously worked datang telecom group, was responsible for robot vision navigation and man-machine vision interaction system design. has extensive experience narrowband internet things, visual arti cial intelligence and blockchain. dr. rumin, zhang dr. zhang responsible for the design the aichain visual artificial intelligence interactive system. aichain whitepaper ph.d. and master electronic engineering and computer science university ottawa, canada, and bachelor han university, china. dr. wang previously worked assistant researcher the university ottawa and his research involved data mining, arti cial intelligence, and algorithm optimization. dr. wengyi wang dr. wang responsible for the construction and optimization the aichain artificial intelligence algorithm. ph.d. electronic engineering tsinghua university, former employee microsoft research asia and agilent, lead the development multiple intelligent transportation and image recognition products. has more than years research and industry experience arti cial intelligence. dr. jia responsible for the research and development aichain artificial intelligence image huixing,jia and video products. masters from sophia university (usa), with more than years experience internet operations management, marketing, brand pr, and digital marketing project planning. easyai cmo. took charge easyai marketing planning, brand promotion and product promotion. focused the application interaction. ning, formerly the director weihou live. created aichain whitepaper the marketing department for weihou live. and build the weihou live brand image and marketing strategy from scratch. provided marketing consulting services for ibm, microsoft, cisco and other fortune companies. ms. ning responsible for the overall marketing promotion aichain. stephen huntsman experienced world diplomacy, trans-media, technology natural product -wellness industries. well-respected, with family ambassadorial relations and associations with world-class individuals, celebrities, companies, olympians and acclaimed professionals, world dignitaries and high-ranking government officials. stephen has extensive and intimate governmentbusiness relations internationally with focus asia stephen huntsman and well known multi-generational "friend china", expert facilitator, commodities partner and humanitarian. stephen's activities include in-line skating, qigong and yoga the ocean, and study mandarin confucius. private pilots license the list well. epic wellness unity consciousness lifestyle eco-preneuer, reform health-care and currency remain paramount issues that stephen supports wholeheartedly. recent years stephen also became well versed entrepreneur cryptoassets, trading and activist for disruptive technologies. mr. stephen joins aichain with real applications, and will also bring more cooperation opportunities for aichain the future market expansion. aichain whitepaper gabriel nones-newman well-versed gpgpu computing, networking, machine learning, and blockchain applications.he has good technical level and practical experience mining, regulation and innovative technology application. gabriel has once held senior positions including cto, project managers and executives the world's top company.he the founder hephaestus gabriel nones-newman project which leverages vr/ar, fintech, green energy tech, and a.i provide ubi/ubl. gabriel responible for the design and development the blockchain software aichain, and play key role the rapid development aichain. aichain whitepaper advisory team mr. chen jianwen phd thu electronic engineering, post doctor ucla electronic engineering, visiting scholar harvard visual research center, senior member ieee, selected professor "thousand youth talents plan", doctoral supervisor uestc visual intelligence research center, and founder&chairman easy ai. dr. chen has more than professional works and mr. chen jianwen core patents the field video processing and intelligent interaction. also the drafter many international standards. dr. chen has more than years research experience intelligent interaction technology. through the optimization and training deep learning the aspects video intelligent interaction, emotional perception, and virtual character reconstruction, created the intelligent interactive product easy ai, which can effectively used medical, education human resources, marketing, intelligent transportation, etc. dr. chen provided aichain with overall consulting services and strategic support the landing artificial intelligence applications. aichain whitepaper master engineering, huazhong university science and technology, ph.d. and postdoctoral fellow electrical and electronic engineering, arizona state university; deputy chairman the blockchain committee china automation society; the national "thousand talents plan"; professor zhang jun professor and ph.d. tutor, school electrical engineering, wuhan university; part-time researcher the state key laboratory complex systems management and control, institute automation, chinese academy sciences; deputy chairman the intelligent education committee china automation society; deputy director the international exchange working group china artificial intelligence industry development alliance china information and communication research institute, participated the organization many international conferences smart grid, internet things, artificial intelligence, special journals and academic activities. professor zhang jun has published more than high-level international journal conference papers related fields. member the editorial board the journal automation, ieee transactions computational social systems, ieee iot magazine, and co-chairman ieee council rfid. chairman smc society blockchain committee; his research areas include knowledge automation theory, intelligent power system big data analysis, distributed new energy access and control, intelligent power system signal processing and sensing. aichain whitepaper professor the university electronic science and technology china, chairwoman acm sigai china, chief secretary valse. ph.d. electronic engineering queen mary university london, bachelor, and master telecommunication and information system xidian university. devoted multimedia and computer vision research. lead and promoted international organizations the areas ai. received patents the area ai. published multiple articles international conferences professor le,dong and journals (jcr and above). hosted number national natural science foundation projects. received the the best report award for the acm international internet things and cloud computing symposium the summit chairman acm turing -year china arti cial intelligence grand meeting. guest speaker iworld digital world international forum hosted idg. guest host the arti cial intelligence frontier summit forum. chairman china turing congress industrial liaison committee. received the excellent acm china lecturer award and acm outstanding contribution award professor dong provides advisory service aichain the direction artificial intelligence aichain whitepaper strategic partners blockchain research center aichain teamed with the medialab university electronic science and technology establish blockchain reseach center. the center aims facilitate the development the core technology algorithm blockchain. the center will focus the applications blockchain the areas digital assets, financial clearing, internet things, information and date registration etc. easyai easyai tech. artificial intelligence startup focused the core intelligent interaction algorithms. the same time, with more than its core patented technology, the successful construction more than million users visual interaction platform. through the optimization deep learning such aspects intelligent interaction, emotion perception, virtual character reconstruction and semantic understanding, both the accuracy and user experience intelligent interaction are greatly enhanced. focusing the core concept being "people-oriented" and based the core technology human intelligent interaction, with mission "making artificial intelligence become simpler", aim "becoming the leader artificial intelligent interaction". coolpad coolpad group limited (the "company"), formerly known china wireless technologies limited, was incorporated the cayman islands exempted company with limited liability june the shares the company (the "shares") were listed the stock exchange hong kong limited (the "stock exchange") december (stock code: yulong computer telecommunication scientific (shenzhen) co., ltd. ("yulong shenzhen") indirect wholly owned subsidiary the company. was founded mr. guo deying (the aichain whitepaper company's chairman, executive director and chief executive officer) april the last decade, capitalizing the development wireless telecommunications technological know-how wireless telecommunications across multiple wireless telecommunications network standards including td-lte, fdd-lte, td-scdma, cdma-evdo, wcdma, gsm, and cdmax networks, the company and its subsidiaries (collectively, the "group") have developed large number proprietary technologies and patents mobile operating systems, radio frequency, protocols and wireless data decomposed transmission technology, etc. the group has developed advanced research and development capabilities mobile communications and gradually become leader and smartphones mainland china's telecom- munications market. today, coolpad global top smartphone brand and sells phone all over the world including asia pacific, india, europe, u.s.a etc. institute beidou applied technology september shenzhen institute beidou applied technology(sibat, www.sibat.cn)is established shenzhen institute advanced technology chinese academy science (siat)and government nanshan district, which the first beidou satellite application technology research institute china. sibat pioneer big data services transport field with the qualification independent legal personality. what more, siat holds controlling number the shares. today, sibat has well-developed and growing business. the business mainly based the location services, which devoted broad range research and development(r and industry innovation platforms, including product system integration and operation services. sibat also offers wide variety professional services the fields intelligent aichain whitepaper transportation and smart city. though our work, make positive difference our urban cities means several application technologies, such cloud computing, integrated satellite navigation, mobile internet, temporal and spatial information, and intelligent sensing. zhibo "yi zhibo" product shenzhen cloud gather digital co., ltd., and new generation interactive social networking platform. its vision provide the most efficient way for people connect virtual environment. present, "easy live" app mobile social product launched its affiliated company, which leading social interactive platform for interactive, sharing and live video. currently there are million users and live streamers. dou mao dou mao applies the artificial intelligence technology headhunter and resolves the problems the headhunter through advanced technologies such ocr, speech recognition (asr), speech synthesis (tts), natural language understanding (nlu), machine learning. dou mao can intelligently discuss points, greatly improving the recruitment efficiency and matching accuracy. moreover, dou mao can provide services such resume optimization, job recommendation, job search consulting and on, based big data and analysis results from the information such user needs, required salaries, industry reports and career planning. aichain whitepaper bingotalk bingotalk online education company dedicated children's english founded group outstanding chinese from prestigious american schools realize the dream "helping million chinese children connect with the world." bingotalk "to make every chinese child can teach english" its purpose, promote china's civilian education children online english responsibility. the platform provides "three frees": "free platform, free agent, free barrier communication" and "three haves": "have foreign teacher qualification examination system, have the curriculum consultant tracking service, have multi-teaching mode the goal such three free and three have "online education model achieve triple-win situation where parents spend less, foreign teachers make more money and children dare speak english. huoyan financials huoyan financial financial science and technology enterprise co-founded the national business daily and sichuan miracle group under the background supply-side reform and the reorganization state-owned enterprises. huoyan financials integrates the most high-quality financial media and cloud computing resources and vigorously develops the three core businesses "all media", "financial consulting" and "financial saas", aiming build leading financial science and technology enterprise china and provide services enterprises, brokers, banks funds and other investors the capital markets. aichain whitepaper san qian san qian intelligent marketing platform powered the technologies mobile internet, artificial intelligence, internet things, big data and cloud computin. san qian committed providing enterprises with one-stop online smart marketing solution, including marketing technology, products, resources and service innovation. the clients san qian are from multiple industries, including the financial, education, tourism, automotive, e-commerce and other industries. san qian has served and established long-term relationsihip with organizations and intuitions such bank china, jumee, everbright securities and yun xue tang. chuan huo live chuan huo live based the specialized market "live broadcast food" "live broadcast e-commerce", "live broadcast travel", "live broadcast culture" and other different areas. the platform gathers internet influencers, creates live channels, expands the influenser's group, thus promote live broadcast culture. miracle miracle based the technology show users multi-dimensional live contents, including large-scale activities, scenic view, programs, sports events and the deg panoramic view, allowing users easily watch videos the and mobile devices panoramic content. aichain whitepaper miracle media sichuan miracle media co., ltd. new generation cross-media intelligent integrated media service provider that founded the cloud. company that jointly established chengdu media group and sichuan miracle group. committed promoting the integration national media and the expansion new media industry. based the great content resources and brand advantages chengdu media group well the leading artificial intelligence technology advantage sichuan miracle group, miracle media has integrated new media industry chain resources such content, technology, channel, operation and license build leading industry "video cloud computing" and "big data intelligence" product innovation platform. the same time, miracle media also built diversified media service system including media platform solutions, broadcast solutions, cloud media platform solutions and internet media solutions. sceneryfish sceneryfish predecessor company that focuses the forefront tourism industry research and development. it's leader the full tourism-service chain and innovative. provides "planning lead, operation support, marketing planning, wisdom travel construction, investment operation" that one-stop solution. sceneryfish dedicated "cultivate all aspects tourism, implement internet science and technology, service tourism industry chain", and bring together the industry's top experts wisdom. from the professional perspective, through the patented technology, innovative thinking and commitment promote the planning, marketing and technology applications level the tourism industry. aichain whitepaper addition, sichuan province also relies the technical advantages that formed the "media and vision research center" that jointly established harvard university and the university electronic science and technology work with the state "artificial intelligence industry technology innovation alliance (avs)". through the corporation actively promote the establishment "china standard game matrix game matrix" the industry's leading game developer. has four plates which are games live (game anchor, video games, etc.), esports events (college esports, pro gaming), game studios (game demos, virtual trading platform) and board games (landlords, mahjong, online doll machine, etc.). provides customers with the game development technology, game services, platform structures and other aspects the solution. guangman bingdian commet "li guangman bingdian comment" well-known current affairs commentary wechat account. based the original articles guangman, builds team high-quality original article authors and builds self-media platform for high-end current affairs commentary china's most influential political, economic, military and social sectors. committed creating public platform for self-media matrixes and forming platform for current affairs commentary various professional aspects such political commentary, military commentary, economic commentary, social commentary and cultural commentary, forming multi-faceted social influence. "li guangman bingdian comment" has dozens reading volume articles, for single article the reading volume million. the average reading volume article more than the subscribers are more than and the original article can released major websites and other wechat public account. aichain whitepaper disclaimer liability and risk factors the aichain foundation does not make, purchased aichain token; and hereby disclaims, any representation warranty with respect aichain early termination the aichain token aichain token (such merchantability crowdsale for any reason; fitness for particular purposes), except those expressly specified herein. each failure abortion aichain purchaser's decision participate the development and resulting failure aichain token crowdsale and purchase deliver aichain token; any aichain token shall made based his/her own knowledge aichain delay rescheduling aichain and aichain token and the information development and resulting failure meet disclosed this whitepaper. without any anticipated milestone; prejudice the generality the foregoing, each purchaser will, upon the launch any error, bug, flaw, defect otherwise aichain, accept aichain token "as the source code aichain; is" basis, irrespective the technical spec- ifications, parameters, performance any malfunction, breakdown, collapse, function thereof. rollback hardforking aichain the blockchain ethereum ait initially the aichain foundation hereby expressly issued erc. disclaims its liability, and shall case liable any person, for: failure aichain aichain token meet any specific purpose, unfitness for any person's purchase aichain any specific use; tokens violation any anti-money laundering, counter-terrorism financing utilization the proceeds raised other regulatory requirements that are through the aichain token crowdsale; imposed any jurisdiction; failure timely and completely any person's purchase aichain disclose any information relating the tokens violation any representa- development aichain; tion, warranty, obligation, covenant other provision under this whitepaper, any purchaser's divulgence, loss and the resulting failure inability destruction the private key his/her make his/her payment claim relevant crypto-currency crypto-token wallet aichain whitepaper (inter alia, the private key the aichain listing delisting aichain token wallet used that purchaser); from any exchange; any default, breach, infringement, aichain token being classified breakdown, collapse, service suspension treated any government, quasi-govern- interruption, fraud, mishandling, ment, authority public body kind misconduct, malpractice, negligence, currency, securities, commercial paper, bankruptcy, insolvency, dissolution negotiable instrument, investment winding-up any third party crowd- otherwise that may banned, regulated funding portal aichain token; subject certain legal restrictions; any difference, conflict contradic- any risk factors disclosed this tion between this whitepaper and whitepaper and any damage, loss, claim, agreement between any purchaser and any liability, punishment, cost other adverse third party crowdfunding portal; impact that caused by, associated with, connection with, incidental consequential that risk factor. trading speculation aichain token any person; risk factors the aichain foundation believes that aichain token reside cyberspace only there are numerous risks involved the without physical presence and hence development, maintenance and running not fall within pertain any specific aichain, many which are beyond jurisdiction. the control the aichain foundation. each aichain token purchaser should participating the aichain token read, comprehend and consider carefully crowdsale campaign shall action the risks described below addition based upon prudent decision and will the other information stated herein before deemed the relevant aichain token deciding participate the aichain purchaser having been fully aware and token crowdsale campaign. agreed take all the risks below. each aichain token purchaser should pay termination the campaign particular attention the fact that, while the aichain foundation established the aichain token crowdsale campaign the republic singapore, aichain and may terminated early, case which aichain whitepaper purchaser may only refunded with part time, may even ordered suspend his/her payment result the bitcoin discontinue any action connection with ether price volatility and/or the expenses the campaign, aichain's development incurred the aichain foundation. aichain token. the development, marketing, promotion otherwise insufficient information availability aichain the aichain token crowdsale campaign may seriously affected, aichain the stage development hindered terminated result. and the date this whitepaper and since regulatory policies could change its philosophy, consensus mechanism, from time time, existing regulatory algorithm, code and other technical speci- permission tolerance aichain the fications and parameters could updated aichain token crowdsale campaign and changed frequently. any jurisdiction could just temporary. aichain token could defined from time while this whitepaper has contained time virtual commodity, digital the then up-to-date key information asset even securities currency aichain, not absolutely complete and various jurisdictions and therefore could subject adjustments and updates that prohibited from being traded held the aichain foundation might make from certain jurisdictions pursuant local time time for certain purposes. the regulatory requirements. aichain foundation not position, cryptography nor obliged, keep the purchasers closely posted every detail aichain development (including its progress and cryptography evolving and cannot expected milestones matter whether guarantee absolute security all times. rescheduled not) and therefore will not advances cryptography, such code necessarily provide the purchasers with cracking, technical advances such timely and full access all the information the development quantum computers, relating aichain that may emerge could present risks all cryptogra- from time time. the insufficiency phy-based systems including aichain. information disclosure inevitable and this could result the theft, loss, disap- reasonable. pearance, destruction devaluation the aichain token held any person. regulatory measures reasonable extent, the aichain foundation prepared take proactive remedial crypto-tokens are being, may be, steps update the protocol underlying overseen the regulatory authorities aichain response any advances various jurisdictions. the aichain cryptography and incorporate additional foundation may receive queries, notices, reasonable security measures where warnings, requests rulings from one appropriate the future cryptography more regulatory authorities from time security innovations unpredictable while aichain whitepaper the aichain foundation will try its best for users, expose users' information accommodate the continuing changes otherwise. such flaws, any, would the domains cryptography and security. compromise the usability, stability, and/ security aichain and consequently development failure abortion bring adverse impact the value aichain token. open source codes rely aichain still the process transparency promote communi- development, rather than finished ty-sourced identification and solution product ready launch. due the techno- problems within the code. the aichain logical complexity the aichain system, foundation will work closelywith the the aichain foundation could faced aichain community keep improving, with unforeseeable and/or insurmountable optimizing and perfecting the source code difficulties from time time. accordingly, aichain onwards. the development aichain could fail abort any time for any cause (including unpermissioned, decentralized and insufficiency funds). the development autonomous ledger failure abortion would result non-availability the purchased aichain there are three prevailing categories token for crowdsale any purchaser. distributed ledger adopted among the contemporary blockchain projects, namely, theft crowdsale proceeds unpermissioned ledger, consortium ledger and private ledger. aichain's underlying there may attempts steal the distributed ledger unpermissioned crowdsale proceeds received the one, which means publicly accessible aichain foundation (including the fiat and useable everyone permis- currency amount converted therefrom). sion-free basis. while aichain initially such theft attempted theft may affect developed the aichain foundation, the ability the aichain foundation not owned, operated otherwise fund the development aichain. controlled the aichain foundation. the while the aichain foundation will adopt community aichain, which sponta- cutting-edge technical solutions keep neously formed and open, decentralized the crowdsale proceeds safe, certain cyber and admission-free join, composed thefts are hardly unpreventable. users, fans, developers, aichain token holders and other participants worldwide flaws source code who are mostly not connected with the aichain foundation any manner. nobody can guarantee the source code such community will decentralized aichain flaw-free. may contain and autonomous the maintenance, certain flaws, errors, defects and bugs, governance and even evolution aichain which may disable some functionality while the aichain foundation will merely aichain whitepaper attack active player the community peer others without supreme arbitrary authority, irrespective its earlier the ethereum designed public and efforts and contributions the genesis unpermissioned and therefore may suffer aichain. result, not the mercy cyber-attacks "distributed denial the aichain foundation how aichain service" from time time. such attacks would governed evolve after the will adversely affect, stagnate paralyze launch. the network the aichain system and accordingly render the transactions update source code thereon delayed recorded included the blocks the ethereum blockchain even temporarily unable performed. the source code aichain open and could updated, amended, altered insufficiency processing power modified from time time any member the community aichain. nobody able foresee guarantee the precise the rapid growth aichain will result update, amendment, alteration accompanied surge transaction modification. result, any update, numbers and demand processing amendment, alteration modification power. the demand processing power could lead unexpected unintended outgrows how much the nodes the outcome that adversely affects aichain's ethereum blockchain network can then operation aichain token's value. provide, the network aichain could security weakness destabilized and/or stagnated, and there could fraudulent false transactions such "double-spending" arise. the blockchain aichain rests the worst-case scenario, the aichain open-source software and unpermis- token held the purchasers could sioned distributed ledger. regardless lost, and rollback even possibly trigger the aichain foundation's effort keep hardforking the blockchain the the aichain system secure, anyone may ethereum. all these consequences would intentionally unintentionally introduce harm the usability, stability and security weaknesses bugs into the core infra- aichain and the value aichain structural elements aichain which token. the security measures adopted the aichain foundation are unable prevent unauthorized claim aichain remedy. this may consequently result token for crowdsale the loss aichain token any other digital tokens held purchaser. any person who gains access the aichain token purchaser's registered "distributed denial service" email registered account deciphering aichain whitepaper cracking the purchaser's password will aichain not expected popular, able claim the purchased aichain prevalent widely used soon after the token for crowdsale bad faith. such, launch. the worst-case scenario that the relevant purchased aichain token for aichain may even remain marginal- crowdsale may missent the person ized the long run, appealing only whoever claims that the same through the minimal portion the users. contrast, purchaser's registered email registered significant portion aichain token account, which sending not revocable demand could speculative nature. reversible. each aichain token purchaser the lack users may result increasing shall take care the security his/her volatility aichain token market price registered email and registered account and consequently compromise aichain's throughout taking such actions as: long-term development. the aichain (i) using highly secure password; (ii) foundation will not (nor has the respon- refraining from opening responding sibility to) stabilize otherwise affect any scam emails; and (iii) keeping strictly aichain token's market price there confidential all the secret personal any such price. information about himself/herself. liquidity private key aichain token wallet aichain token not currency issued the loss destruction private key any individual, entity, central bank required access aichain token may national, supra-national quasi-national irreversible. aichain token are control- organization, nor backed any hard lable only possessing both the relevant assets other credit. the circulation and unique public and private keys through trading aichain token the market the local online aichain token wallet. are not what the aichain foundation each purchaser required safeguard responsible for pursues. trading the private keys contained his/her own aichain token merely depends the aichain token wallet(s). where such consensus its value between the relevant private key aichain token purchaser market participants. nobody obliged lost, missing, divulged, destroyed redeem purchase any aichain token otherwise compromised, neither the from any aichain token holder (including aichain foundation nor anyone else will the purchasers). nor does anyone guarantee able help the purchaser access the liquidity market price aichain retrieve the related aichain token. token any extent any time. divest his/her aichain token, aichain token popularity holder would have locate one more willing buyers purchase the same the value aichain token hinges heavily mutually agreed price, which attempt could the popularity the aichain system. costly and time-consuming and does aichain whitepaper not necessarily bear fruit. and there could source code and/or underlying protocol crypto-currency exchange other aichain attempt develop marketplace having aichain token listed competing protocol, software, system thereon for trading. virtual platform virtual machine, which out the aichain foundation's control price volatility and may consequently compete with even overshadow overtake aichain. cryptographic tokens, traded public moreover, there have been and will markets, usually have extremely volatile various competing blockchain-based prices. fluctuations price over short platforms that compete with aichain. periods time frequently occur, which the aichain foundation will case price may denominated bitcoin, ether, capable eliminating, preventing, dollars any other fiat currency. such restricting minimizing such competing fluctuations could result from market efforts that aim contest with overtake forces (including speculations), regulatory aichain. changes, technical innovations, availability exchanges and other objective factors and represent changes the balance supply and demand. the aichain foundation not responsible for any secondary market trading aichain token matter whether not there would such markets for aichain token. therefore, the aichain foundation neither obliged tame the price volatility aichain token nor cares about that. the risks associated with aichain token trading price have taken the aichain token traders themselves. competition aichain's underlying protocol based open-source computer software such that nobody claims copyright any other type intellectual property right the source code. result, anyone can legally copy, replicate, reproduce, engineer, modify, upgrade, improve, recode, reprogram otherwise utilize the