ver... aidus white paper what adfp (aidus global d-fund platform)? the aidus global d-fund platform decentralized fund market esta blished upon the ethereum network serve professional asset management platform which global investors and asset managemen companies are able use blockchain technologies and smart contr acts safely and transparently create and settle into (peer-to-pee fund agreements. various information regarding the settled fund agr eements shall registered the blockchain network and shall contin uously updated through the oracles* agent. aidus copyright anyone has the right use, copy, and distribute the content this whitepaper for non-profit and educational purposes with out explicit authorization long the original source infor mation and its copyright information has been explicitly displaye *oracles: the context blockchain and smart contract, the oracles serve agent that verifies and confirms specific event and submit the information the blockchain, which will used the smart ontract. for instance, this system will enable displaying current mark cap bitcoin extracts the information from the coinmarketcap. com. table contents important notice discliamer statement introduction ii. aidus commentary limitations the global asset management market aidus' core tasks and business model iii. aidus business aidus business definition blockchain technologies behind aidus business differentiation strategies for aidus business iv. aidus token aidus token summary aidus token aimed maximizing profit quant trading system (qts) what quant trading system(qts)? qts performance qts operation and profit model vi. aidus global d-fund platform adfp-based decentralized fund market structure adfp-based decentralized fund market system vii. aidus ico plan overview aidus token sales plan token sales schedule and details aidus token distribution plan budget operation plan project road-map development plan for adfp-based decentralized fund market social contribution (csr) plan viii. team and advisory important notice please read this section carefully before participating the token sale (as defined below), you should consider the inf ormation this whitepaper ("whitepaper") carefully, and consider whether you unde rstand what described this whitepaper. you are doubt the action you should take, please consult your financial, legal, tax, technical other professional dvisors. this whitepaper does not constitute prospectus offer document any sort. this whitepaper also not intended constitute offer of, solicitation for investm ent in, capital markets products, securities any other financial investment instrum ent any jurisdiction. none the information this whitepaper has been reviewed approved any gulatory authority. the information this whitepaper may updated from time and you should check whether more recent version the whitepaper availabl this whitepaper may not distributed, disseminated otherwise transmitted country where such distribution, dissemination transmission may prohibited. part this whitepaper reproduced, distributed disseminated without including this section titled "important notice". general information this whitepaper issued aisys global pte. ltd. (singapore company registration no. ("aisys global"). the purpose this whitepaper introduce the aidus global d-fund platform ("adfp"), the aidus token, and the intended sale the erc- tokens that are nvertible the aidus token during the token sale described this whitepaper ("token sale"). this whitepaper prepared based the current views and plans aisys global. isys global reserves the sole and absolute discretion revise this whitepaper from time time posting the updated whitepaper http://aidus.io. such updated whi tepaper shall become effectively immediately from the time posting. the tokens and the aidus tokens are not intended constitute capital markets prod ucts singapore, securities any financial instrument any jurisdiction. the toke carry rights other than (i) prior the launch the aidus main-net, limited ght use within adfp described this whitepaper, and (ii) upon the launch aidus main-net, right converted the aidus tokens ratio upon soon reasonably practicable after such launch. pending the launch the aidus main-net, the tokens will have the same right use the aidus tokens (i.e. the rig use the aidus tokens described this whitepaper applicable the tok ens). upon the launch the aidus main-net, the conversion all tokens circulati aidus tokens shall mandatory (i.e. the tokens will phased out). the aidu tokens carry rights other than limited right use within adfp described his whitepaper. neither the tokens nor the aidus tokens entitle their respective hold ers any voting rights any rights interests, profits, income, payment returns. aisys global will not support otherwise facilitate any secondary trading externa valuation the tokens the aidus tokens. disclaimer the contents this whitepaper descriptive nature for information only, and not binding. aisys global shall not responsible for any loss arising from the use, eference, basing information from this whitepaper. this whitepaper may contain quotations from other third-party and publication from other institutions. although the information and data sources cited this whitepaper has been compiled from third-party sources which aisys global regards generally edible, separate verification procedure has been conducted the third- arty information and data cited, and the underlying hypothesis based this nformation has not been confirmed. nothing this whitepaper representation, warranty undertaking the accuracy fulfilment any particular matter stated the whitepaper any given point the future, and aisys global specifically disclaims any represe ntation warranty that will execute any action guarantee specific results regarding any matters described herein this whitepaper. the information prese nted this whitepaper for reference only and not legally binding aisy global any other parties. some this information may forward looking nature and based certain assu mptions. all statements other than statements historical facts included this white paper, including, without limitation, statements regarding business strategy and plans, estimates returns performance, and objectives for future operations, are forward ooking statements. addition, forward looking statements can generally identified the use forward looking terminology such "may", "will", "should", "expect", "an ticipate", "estimate", "intend", "believe", their respective negatives and other compa rable terminology. this whitepaper does not make any promises about the future alue cryptocurrency, and does not guarantee the inherent value, commitment going payment, and any specific value. participation the token sale and purchase the tokens carry significant risks, whic they materialize, could have significant negative impact the token sale, the okens, the aidus token, the adfp, and/or aisys global. participants should not part icipate the token sale unless they have fully understood the terms applicable the token sale, the tokens, the aidus tokens and the potential risks described this itepaper and the token sale terms and conditions. person bound purchase the tokens, and purchase payment would accepted, the basis this whitepaper. the event any conflict inconsistency between the token sale term and conditions and the whitepaper, the token sale shall governed exclusively the token sale terms and conditions and the former shall prevail the extent conflict inconsistency unless otherwise specified aisys global. this whitepaper and the token sale terms and conditions not contain all mat erial information regarding the risks associated with the purchase the tokens and articipation the token sale. you are prospective purchaser, you should inform yourself the legal requirements, risks and consequences purchasing, olding and disposing the tokens before making any purchase. language this whitepaper, which has been drafted english, may translated into other nguages. the event any conflict inconsistency, the english version this hitepaper shall take precedence over the translated version. introduction the growth the internet early opened the era new technological innov ation called the "venture boom". though, caused such problems the dot-com bubb le, has become page the history the "third industrial revolution". now when less than years, the society has again entered the era the "fourth industrial rev olution". many blockchain technologies are currently being developed and major compa nies well start-up companies are carrying out icos with their own various technolo gies and know-hows. the entire society witnessing with its own eyes the fast growth this unique industry and market somewhat similar somewhat faster pace than that the semiconducto market the smart phone market. however, the cold reality that most countries have not even settled into the basic leg framework regarding the ico, and has only been recently that lawmakers are now stablishing consensus the general regulatory direction this market. the global trend ico and well various anxieties and side effects regarding crypt ocurrency general are already widely known the public, but for the aidus project eam, who have long been carrying out research the ico and the tokenomics, ther has been focus the following three major limitations. absence basic fundamentals cryptocurrency price volatility issue speculative market absence future value being unable used real economy the aidus project team has focused the need innovative alternative the above three major limitations the current cryptocurrency, and has explored the following major contemplation. .is impossible create token that can not only secure the future value but lso instill the fundamentals? .what business model would enable both the listing the token the exchange and well immediate usage and application the real economy? was never easy task even the aidus project team with the core competitive ness within the team through various alternative models and well create business model that can satisfy the above two major questions. the business model that has been prepared the early ico stages could not have pushed forward, and well other various business models could not thr ough the rigorous analysis from professionals, legal consulting, and technological eval uation process. however, the final model the aidus global d-fund platform (adfp) has been devel oped with assurance the successful alternative model satisfying the above ntemplation and well the leading innovative business model that would prope the global asset management market. beyond the 'renaissance technologies', the blue chip hedge funds, longer just 'dream' for our team. the core competencies the aidus project team are the technologies and know- stably secure profits through the forex (foreign exchange) margin trading syste the forex market, enabling the aidus penetrate the single largest market entire world, the global asset management market. the aidus project team has gone through years r&d process develop the oprietary quant trading system (hereby referred "qts"). the system was fully lau nched and has been fully verified since various asset management ofessionals through demonstrations the system and well pilot operations for fund management, fully verifying the safety the system. connecting the aidus global d-fund platform (adfp) which operated with the aidus token the only accepted means payment the platfrom (i.e. the aid token will the single currency the platform) with the qts that has recorded remarkable yield rate for the past consecutive years, the core innovations that the system will bring the current cryptocurrency market and the asset management mar ket can summarized follows: protecting token holders (investors) through token model that equips the aidus tokens with fundamentals (i.e. features which support the function the aidus tok viable and reliable means payment adfp and the fund market) enabling the use the aidus tokens means payment the asset manage ment industry (real economy) enabling decentralized fund market service providing free access for signing and edemption global fund items providing various fund portfolios that are safe and high yield rate the entire orld carrying out the above tasks and features, the aidus global d-fund platform(adfp) hall provide true innovation that has the potential tackle various problems that were inherent the existing cryptocurrencies and well various pain points for the inves tors and asset management companies. this innovation will surely enable the aidus project team expand far beyond the curre leading enterprises the global asset management market, the next leading gro for the upcoming new era global market. ii. aidus commentary high profit asset management through the proprietary qts "decentralized global fund market platform (adfp)" this project, officially named the 'aidus global d-fund platform (adfp)' project but also known 'aidus', seeks create decentralized platform business which will establi adfp the decentralized fund market platform which the aidus tokens will serve the single currency that may used for the subscription and redemption various fun portfolios. the platform will connect global investors (the demand group for the asset anagement) with professional asset management companies, while aisys global would upply the 'quant trading system (qts)' asset management companies order for the create various high profit fund items, all aiming truly revolutionizing and establishi new ecosystem global asset management market. aisys global believes that aidus will the first ever unique project the entire world and that such project can only pushed forward the unique members here the aid project team. limitations the global asset management market according the financial times october the international consulting firm wc(pricewaterhouse coopers) has announced that the global asset management market usd trillion october and expected expand usd trillion for comparison the figure, according the data released the international monetary fund(imf) the global gdp figures for the total output the top untries estimated about usd trillion. this shows that the total volume gdp the top countries similar the current lobal asset management market volume, which constitutes the single largest market the entire world. assuming stream low interest rates are maintained and economic growth continues, the size the global asset management market will continue expand due the pension avings due aging and the increase personal assets emerging markets. figure aum forecast world regions source) 'asset wealth management revolution: embracing exponential change',pwc, although the scale asset management still very large, predicted that the growth asia-pacific and latin america will accelerate the future. asia-pacific: growth from growth from latin america: growth from growth from therefore, there are many asset management companies around the world, and they creating various types fund portfolios. however, investor would ask, "is pos sible find good fund for investment among these countless number funds?", the answer will probably always 'very difficult'. even there good fund portfolio abroad, there way check which country actually operating the fund and what kind portfolio is. plus, the language barrier issue makes near-impossible know whether the fund management aggressive stable, whether mixed type bond and stock single portfolio foreign exchange. going further, becomes way more difficult when person tries underst and professional legal terms and jargons when signing into the contract agreements, accurate information definitely not readily available for the investors. for these reasons, most individual investors rely the advice fund sales companies invest into fund portfolios and although there are cases appropriate customized por tfolio suggestion based the analysis investment propensities and the specific eds the investors, there are also quite number cases, which only seller-customiz products are suggested only contribute the performance the fund sales comp any the employee himself/herself. addition, since investors and asset management companies are not necessarily based one single country, often, the investors subscribe for global funds created other ass management companies around the world. generally, such investors will need make total -tier exchanges for subscription and termination fund products, and the und not based the key currency, -tier exchanges. going further, since there pecifically dedicated account like the stock market system, the investors will need exc hange the money again they would wish reinvest into the fund. these obstacles the current system basically mean that impossible for individu institution personally select, sign in, and order redemption for fund item perated foreign asset management company. this, other perspective, points out hat there strong demand and needs for decentralization the global asset manag ement market through the blockchain technologies. now, for the asset management companies, the issue from their perspective that marketing budgets are needed order promote their fund portfolios the global market and connect with each different fund sales company many countries, all app lying with different and unique sales commission structures, and well develop real time-basis connection system manage the various different fund portfolios that sold the global market. this kind systematic complexity gets even worse the case foreign exchange marg trading. the foreign exchange market known for its high risk due various factors such the global financial crisis, continental and regional economic crises asia/europe, petroleum grain and economic policy differences each country, and etc., resulting only very few asset management companies that are professionally engaged the forex market despite the high transaction volume foreign exchange leverage (operated -fold, actual capital based and there are very limited professi -onal exchange rate systems applied the forex market unlike the case for the stock ading. then, there arise question, "despite such various problems and factors, where are astronomical amount trillion dollars being traded at?" made possible the top asset management companies the world currently erate trillion dollars, equivalent about the entire global asset managemen market volume. scope expanded the top asset management companies, will about trillion dollars, equivalent the total global asset managem ent market volume. figure usd trillion top asset management companies source: october visual capitalist press release. the trillion dollar club asset managers http://www.visualcapitalist.com/chart-trillion-dollar-club although giant corporations and giant capitals are the ones dealing with these big asset management companies, there are also other average-scale investors and asset manage ment companies that can solve the problems themselves. however for small and edium-sized investors and asset management companies, the above depicted systematic limitations are unresolvable, and the number such corporates gets even higher the cope narrowed down single business investment unit. most investors (especially small and medium-sized investors) many countries are only subscribing funds that are created their own country that are sold asset mana gement companies operating their own countries. thus, the asset management compa nies too are only focusing the local investors potential investors. what these services (as shown figure provided only the top-level asset manag ement companies would readily available for small and medium-sized investors and well for general asset management companies? the aidus project team has developed appropriate alternative these systematic oblems, and has taken fundamental review the perspective both investors and ass management companies the alternative model enable its immediate application the current asset management market. aidus' core tasks and business model core tasks the project [figure need and core tasks investors and asset management companies investors have easy access the fund information that they need and have some ort navigation their own languages, and they don't need through stages exchanges for foreign investments, and would easy for them request for redemption reinvestment maturity mid-term fund management perio there will much freer environment sign into various foreign fund portfolios. moreover, easy for one invest each asset management company's products once the personal information has been registered the system, without the necessity register individual information various asset management companies, and the per sonal information safely stored without risk being hacked being exposed any unauthorized use, investors will able sign into any types foreign fund items. course, each country has different regulation the protection personal informatio this area will dealt with appropriate application the local regulation and lega framework. asset management company has enlist only the fund information, plus they given free usage the online platform that connects them and their fund portfolios the global investors, the company will able secure and attract many foreign investors they wish. the fund portfolios are highly profitable and safe, investors will more likely sign into the fund, while the asset management company will able further expand securing investors. order satisfy the various demands and necessities abovementioned, the three ndamental core tasks the aidus project team are follow. first the establishment safe decentralized fund market system. establishing direct transaction through the decentralized fund market syste based the blockchain technologies rapid and accurate transaction fund signing and redemption through the art contract providing credible and tamper-proof fund information establishing security system that protects private information and asset proper investors structuring environment that can conveniently accessed both global inv estors and asset management companies (online mobile) providing investor-oriented services with minimum service fees carry out the above six tasks, totally new concept decentralized platform has established through the blockchain technologies. second the adoption single currency using the cryptocurrency. necessity the adoption real cryptocurrency system enabling limitless settl ement signing and redemption various foreign fund items necessity protective measure for token holders (investors) instilling undamental the cryptocurrency operation single currency system enabling the cryptocurrency for investm ent and asset management establishing the ecosystem various types asset management and secu ring resources through the single currency system carry out the above four tasks, single currency system using cryptocurrency has established and the proprietary qts has utilized secure the needful fundamentals for the cryptocurrency. third the providing high-profit solution. asset management companies are need high profit solution high profit solution must equipped with high degree safety carry out the above two tasks and well any asset management companies the global market, critical secure high profit solution order design hig profit fund portfolios for their investors. once the fund market established will uipped with various high profit fund products, given fact that more investors will join the fund market. the aidus project team now declares the innovative business model that can satisfy all three core tasks laid out the above. business model established carry out the core tasks going back the initial questions where the aidus started the project, the basic que stion can summarized follow. "how can solve the problems associated current icos and cryptocurrency?" "how can tackle the issues pertaining the current global asset management mar ket and solve the current pain points for every participant the market?" with the above questions mind, the aidus project team has structured win-win rategy for every participant this project including the ico participants, investors asset management, asset management companies, and the aidus project team rselves. through the blend qts which based the big-data that has been gathe red and compiled -year long trading records and the aidus token- based ecentralized fund market (adfp), the final business model has been established. figure structure the aidus business model the official name the project based the above business model the 'aidus glo bal d-fund platform (adfp)' project, and the token that used this platform named the "aidus token" "(aidus)". iii. aidus business aidus business definition aidus business vision the business vision the aidus supply various fund products the global mark that are equipped with the highest yield rate available the market basing the portfolios the adfp and the qts, and gradually take the lead role the global asset management market. the yield rate records are proven within the next years going beyond the verage yield rates various global top hedge funds such the renaissance fund, nsington fund, the wellington fund, well the capability the asset manage ment gets recognized, the asset management volume utilizing the qts from aisys glo bal will expanded remarkable speed. thus, our vision expand the qts-a pplied asset volume reach trillion krw within the next years carry the main leading role for the global asset management market. once the qts-applied asset volume reaches trillion krw, the aisys global pte. td. (headquarter) shall strong enterprise recording billion krw annual sales igure. figure aidus business vision the process toward the vision, the volume global investors accessing the aidus und market, which based the adfp, will naturally expand, gradually establishing newly innovative ecosystem the global asset management market with the adfp its very core, which would also gradually expand the usage volume the aidus token. the aidus token value and its market cap will ultimately one the world's top thre cryptocurrency right next the current benchmark cryptocurrency, bitcoin and ethe reum, the aidus shall the basis for the global asset management market. aidus business introduction the aidus business composed two different business models. the first business the qts service business model for the trading system. the second business model the aidus token. figure aidus business definition )qts service business refers the services provided aisys global asset manag ement companies (hedge funds, finance companies and etc.) that have entered into con tractual agreement listed the adfp(fund market) regarding the creation and anagement various high profit fund items. fund portfolios applying the qts will egistered official fund products the adfp along with assistance support for invest attraction. the basic profit model this business area share the management fee and the performance fee (servicing fee) with hedge funds and finance companies have entered into qts servicing agreement. )adfp-based fund market service provide decentralized fund market that would enable global investors freely access the online mobile platform service sign into various fund portfolios and request its redemption through the usage the aidus token. aidus token (aidus) purchase liquidation aidus token (aidus) consignment liquidation aidus investment /reinvestment aidus return usage smart contract-based aidus token (aidus) figure operational structure aidus global d-fund platform adfp-based fund market service will not only carry out various profit model prof essional asset management community website itself but will also carry out the new central role the ecosystem the asset management market and shall further expan into consortiums and cooperation with various other derivatives. this business model will further expanded into adfp and aidus token-based pay ment business, management and distribution business digitized asset property. blockchain technologies behind aidus business the big waves the fourth industrial revolution are pushed into the financial indu stry, paradigms are changing due major infrastructure technologies such artificia intelligence, blockchain technology, biometrics authentication technology, and the int ernet things. especially, the blockchain technology evolving noticeably through the simplicity and diversification "non-face-to-face financial transactions" the asset management rket and payment methods. particularly expanding into various areas authent ication, payment and remittance. various fin-tech start-ups, ict firms are using the current blockchain technologies more responsive the demands and provide faster and more convenient financia services, while traditional financial services segments are being dismantled. this because the financial platform based the fourth industry has been develope instead the existing financial services area, which has been carried out with lot manpower and capital, that consumers longer need visit financial institutio and all financial transactions are possible through the platform. figure anticipated effects blockchain introduction korea institute finance the adoption blockchain technologies the adfp-based aidus fund market also expected bring various effects every participant. adoption single key currency the 'aidus token(aidus)' being used the single key currency the adfp-based aidus fund market. this means that relation any fund subscription redemptio request, payment will made using the aidus token. the aidus token would ther efore function means payment that users can use the real economy asset management market. investors can buy the aidus token crypto exchanges, while asset management com panies can liquidate the token cash either the crypto exchanges the lp(liqui dity provider) manage their own fund portfolios. when the fund expires has been requested for resales, asset management companies can purchase the aidus token the exchange market and give the investors. for the avoidance doubt, aisy global will not support otherwise facilitate any secondary trading external val uation the aidus tokens. this structure can solve the following problems. first, through the usage the aidus token the single key currency sign into the fund items, convenient investment being facilitated global level. other words, there need money exchange foreign transfers. second, there least minimum exchange fee because there need for money exchange. third, easy reinvest into funds payments relation fund subscriptions and redemptions adfp will made single currency, which aidus token. would therefore not necessary convert amounts received upon redemption one fund different currency for subscription units another fund). fourth, once fund has been subscribed, spite the decline the value the cryptocurrency mid-termination and expiration, the current market price will not applied the investor's value. the value the cryptocurrency rises, the investor decide whether oose the rising value the cryptocurrency the yield rate the fund. since posible repurchase units the fund (after paying fixed commission the case for most fund portfolios), investor also responsible for selecting rise the value the cryptocurrency after redemption the fund reinvest the fund. this the key creating single currency system means aidus token. the aidus project team has prepared various resources and policies pertaining the liquidation and payment the aidus token the fund expiration that are needed for its full usage the fund market. however, these details are unique business model that are proprietary the aidus, these details have been decided not disclos this whitepaper. the information, however, shall made available the public sequential manner following the opening the aidus fund market. the aidus project team envisages that once these features and policies are fully impl emented, demand for aidus token will increase and investors shall able witness with their own eyes new innovative model that will enable increase both token value and fund yield rate. blockchain-based decentralized fund market the 'aidus fund market' based the adfp scheduled opened the qua rter aiming the establishment market through the core essence feat ure decentralization the blockchain technologies. thus, our fund market, the asset management companies shall the one provid fund information, and promote their own unique fund products, while the investor shall confirm the information and shall sign into the fund portfolios their own desi re. aidus global shall never interfere any part this transaction made between investors and the asset management companies. the very reason because due the nature fund portfolios, only duly licensed ass management companies are able create fund products and sell their own fund products. this regard, every country implements different regulatory framework fund operation and would highly inefficient for aidus global operate and manage countless numbers asset management companies and its fund portfolios. aidus gobal shall operating the service with the adherence the current legal amework, while shall also advance the innovative technologies and business mod els for ever-growing future market. fact, terms legal framework, there are only two entities the fund operation, the investor and the asset management companies. thus, this regard, there absolutely need bring party the agreement, and the system will always pp-oriented service. the focus rather given provide more reliable fund information, and strengthen various r&d activities with aim promote reliable asset management companies egardless the management capital volume, and implement regular monitoring stem spot unsuitable fund portfolios asset management companies, turning the platform into much more investor-oriented system and making itself the 'profession global community asset management'. going further, per the description figure various expected effects throug the blockchain, the application various features such smart contract, blockcha in-based authentication, tamper-proof, and ever-strong security protocols will just few examples for the truly innovative asset management service come. differentiation strategies for aidus business differentiation strategies for aidus business figure differentiation the aidus business the aidus business business model that has been equipped with the following ain differentiation strategies from any other projects. single key currency with fundamentals and real currency when going through other ico records, often case that they are seriously lacking protective measures for the investors. this the reason why some the ico entities are now presenting various experimental methodologies for the investor protection. also the case for the aidus project team, depicted the introduction this whitepaper, there has been quite effort the designing stable one main strategy that has been implemented our model prevent the devaluat ion the aidus token zero value instilling fundamentals ensure the functi onal utility the aidus token. with qts our proprietary asset, the aidus project team believes that will possible execute such strategy. doing so, the aidus project team intends create truly real currency token mod that can actually used the real economy along with the fundamentals instilled the token, which was not possible even for both bitcoin, the generation cryptoc urrency, and ethereum, the generation cryptocurrency. high-profit solution through smart qts the aidus project team seeks create the world's largest professional asset mana gement community through the decentralized fund market operation based the fp. order accomplish the goal, critical attract various investors our fund rket which can only possible securing various competitive fund products our platform. so, our proprietary qts shall the most powerful solution. more trust our qts established, the more global asset management compani shall partnership with create various high-profit fund products our ecentralized fund market supplied global investors. establishment investor-oriented market through decentralized fund market the aidus token-based decentralized fund market shall the most efficient and inve stor-oriented fund market for the global investors wishing for asset management servi ces. the entire process applied with smart contract, enabling efficient processing the attracting investors the asset management companies the expiration the fund operation period. blockchain technology will facilitate convenient processin for asset management companies while investors can freely browse through global und portfolios. establishment digitized asset management ecosystem the asset management market keeps changing through various types collaborati among the players the market, along with various new technologies being applie the market. the aidus project team seeks establish ecosystem devoted "digitized asset management" and take the leading role this ecosystem. so, have imple mented strategy allocating specialized budget for this ecosystem activation and for the usage the qts this market, firm supporter for the activation the digitized asset management ecosystem. focus target group for aidus token 'who shall the users the aidus token? and how many would they be?' the focus target group for the aidus token using the adfp can defined every ndividual institution that wishing proliferate their own asset volume. gaming industry target user: gamers market volume: usd billion music industry target user: users various music contents market volume: usd billion aidus target market (asset management market) target user: individual institution interested asset proliferation market volume: usd trillion figure comparison global major market volume abovementioned, the focus target group for the aidus business anyone intereste the asset management. more specific, the target group could categorized into individual and institu tion per the table figure the focus target group for aidus business. such, potential buyers the aidus business way far beyond the entire market lume the cryptocurrency and shall basically anyone active the global economy figure focus target group for aidus business the future growth potential the aidus token starts from the targeting the global sset management market its focus group. iv. aidus token aidus token summary the aidus token used the single key currency for the adfp-based decentralized fund market. the word aidus stands for the 'ai(artificial intelligence) sidus(star-in latin)', symbolizing best the global asset management market. the symbol the aidus token 'aidus' and token based erc token standard. investors and asset management companies shall using the aidus token during the signi into the funds, expiration the fund operation period, and redemption the adfp-base decentralized fund market. figure usage structure aidus token investors wishing engage the asset management company can buy the aidus token crypto exchange and can sign into the asset management company's fund through the aidus platform. asset management companies publish various information the aidus atform that the investors could select the fund, and when the investor selects the fund, mart contract will the basis for the settlement. then, after operating the fund the asset management company shall purchase the aidus tok again the exchange, according the fund operation profit paid the investor. during this transaction, when signing into the fund the asset management company the amount proposed the asset management company converted into the mark price token during then, which the investor shall buy the exchange sign into the fund. the asset management company also pays tokens after converting funds into the current price token according profit after the fund management. the above manner, the aidus token used for signing into various global fund ite created global asset management companies and well facilitating easy red emption the existing fund portfolio. aidus token does not try represent itself generation cryptocurrency and oes not try develop difficult blockchain technologies the case for many other ico projects. rather, the aidus focusing the strengthening various features lated the blockchain technologies such the token itself, platform, security, stabilit and smart contract for safe transaction. aidus aiming truly creating 'valuable token' through business models, and has now developed the said business model that will enable the current value the token, not just restricted the future listing value like other token, and enable actual mmediate usage the adfp. the aidus token's main features can summarized following. core features aidus token real currency investors can actually use the token fund market during signing and redem ption fund items, aidus token can immediately used real economy. token having fundamentals the ico-raised capital shall managed qts, securing the o-raised capital within years the fundamental the token, making the toke safe shall never plummet below certain degree. continuous value increase potential the fund volume the platform expands, and more people will sign into fund items, the more demand will for the aidus token. aidus token aimed maximizing profit you look the aidus token closely, you will see interesting phenomenon it. first, you sign into fund with the aidus token, the real money's yield rate will hanged according fund management. second, you have the aidus token, the token's yield rate will fluctuate the token's value fluctuates. when you have already signed into fund, you will not affected the rise fall aidus token price, but you will affected yield rate the fund that operated the real economy. you did not sign into fund but just have aidus tokens, you will affected the rise fall token but not related the real economy. figure maximizing aidus' token yield rate what you estimate that the token price will fall? you can sign into fund and reflect the fund's earnings, which the real economy. what the token price rises? when you compare the fund's yield rate with that the token's, the fund yield rate better, will better operate the fund, otherwi would better terminate the fund and reflect earnings the token's market price. course, when you terminate fund the mid-term, you will have pay certain the asset management company, but this unavoidable because the same the real economy, and choice yours decide. especially, nowadays, different kind regulations and guidelines for each country are presented crypto market, and result there high volatility and fluctuation the crypto market. however, aidus token not influenced the national ico policy because the price the aidus token falls due the policy mentioned above, the effect can minimized signing into fund with good yield rate alternative. moreover, described 'iii. aidus business', '.. adoption single key currency' that revenue generation from both the rise aidus token value and from the yield fund portfolio, the users the aidus token shall have hands-on experience the innovative value the aidus token. such, the aidus token using innovative concept token the investor could choose either the token market price fund yield rate. there any other token the market that can maximize the profit this manner? "currency that can used cash but can also choose between fund yield rate token profit expect rise from both areas." this what the aidus has been pursuing long after, the cryptocurrency that can instill profit maximizing strategy it. quant trading system(qts) before describing the adfp, would like describe another business model. there keyword 'ii... the need and core tasks investors and asset manage ment companies' 'third the providing high-profit solution.' this means tha even the platform targeted worldwide, cannot build the high profit programs hat investors want, they will not use our platform but use their more profitable domes tic funds. therefore, intend link high profit programs that can generate strong returns und management with asset management companies who use our platform, maximi the synergistic effect what quant trading system? the quant trading system (hereinafter referred "qts") has undergone years research and development and has been commercialized three years ago. qts stem operated through collecting and analyzing big data for the past years. why qts optimized forex(foreign exchange) market? interactive transaction forex trading market that traded both directions sell and buy. struc ture which profit generated not only upside (buy) condition such the stoc market but also the case downside (sell) condition. daily trading volume trillion traded every day, the single biggest trading market the world based daily trading volume among financial asset trading markets. there not influence from speculative manipulative trading operation certain forces the case the stock market. stability the exchange rate currency, which the basic element forex, determined trade volume and national policy, can maintain relatively stable flow. diversity operation possible use various strategies changing pip interval setting and algorithm. qts structure figure quant trading system structure gathering server server that stores big data for about years and collects new data. quant server communicates with gathering server and client trading system, analyzes data collec ted from current transactions and gathering server, and provides information enabl client system trading program sell and trade correctly. client system trading. based the information quant server, conducts forex trading through client's fund account. conclusion, qts conducts the optimal transaction and generates the most stable profit using the aidus algorithm and the data collected through the each server, and generates the most stable profit conducting the optimal tra nsaction. qts trading technique qts based forex big data not see the chart. the sample constant, the statistics not change. based thorough analysis without any prediction. the core qts trading technique analysis through big data the best deal point selected series graphing and data block arrays rough the collection and analysis forex big data for about years, real time analysis, and also means detailed analysis the point time transaction and leveling each analysis point. the law algebra based quant analysis aidus's quant trading system applies the law algebra, which based uant analysis, carry out the transaction the most ideal way. *law algebra. analyze the data whole group which infinite population its size too arge technically surveyed; when the scale large that not technically possible conduct full investigation, points observe the case algebra orde grasp the intrinsic nature the group and make the data the basis the subject the investigation. qts performance qts management performance overview qts has gone through various pilot testing until along with regular revisions and updates the current solution. since there has been public evaluation the system through collaboration with asset management professionals for public pilot fund management. below chart the record historical returns for the past years oper ation. figure management record from june september the account iron fx, ted min, coo aisys global, has total yield rate (average annual return about .%) for thirty nine months. performance record pilot fund and virtual account using qts summary. target: accounts total including accounts pilot fund and virtual accounts. operating period: from minimum months months average annual yield rate: this way, qts can strategically use aggressive fund management and stable fund management through pip setting and algorithm alteration. the above records have been opportunity accumulate the needful expertise and perience design fund portfolios and its know-hows and well strengthen the ability the system, which the single biggest factor the conventional fund operatio market. moreover, the operating principle transparently publicize all the transaction datasheet through outside notarization agency. figure performance record pilot fund and virtual account for years main figures the pilot management david chen ceo aisys global, angelvest group co-founder leader angelvest group largest investment group shanghai, china (http://angelvestgroup.com) co-founded the hanson robotics which has developed sophia, artificial intelligence robot ted min coo aisys global, qts developer and designer based quant analysis the annual yield rate was calculated the basis the situation where the real opera ting account operated for one year. the virtual account and the market for the transaction use the same data the act ual trading market, the transaction result not different from the actual operating account. the virtual accounts and real transaction accounts were traded through land iron fx's application. this chart, can see that all accounts the aidus's quant trading system hav been started differently and have different trading periods. this proves that stable rnings are generated all various situations that occurred, not only certain time per iods specific circumstances. qualification notary public for qts asset management profit rate qts asset management performance will notified accounting firm and law firm and announced through aidus ico homepage every week. [figure independent accountant`s report from "pkf o'connor davies verification stability qts the stability qts has been proved through this practical operation for three years. the volatility the fluctuations the forex trading very large, most them will see margin call big loss, but qts has stable profit even the case rapid uctuation trading. brexit june june during the brexit uk, qts secured stable profit eve the event plunge about pip figure forex volatility chart during brexit declaration u.k pound plunges oct. october the pound u.k was plummeted pip, but the qts ained .%. figure forex volatility chart during hard-brexit declaration usa presidential election november the time the presidential election, there was wave pips, but qts earned .%. figure forex volatility chart during release presidential election result such, qts trading system that maximizes profits while minimizing risk variou environment and even extreme environments. yield rate comparison with global amcs aidus's quant trading system has comparative advantage comparison with the orld's leading asset management companies the yield rate comparison. renaissance fund, world renowned hedge fund recording annual yield rate .%, ranking the top reputation hedge funds, while kensington fund and wellington fund are ranking similar yield rate during figure world's renowned amcs yield rate status for mr. david chen and mr. ted min, the core executives the aidus project, have recorded and yield rate respectively (annual irr basis) during the pilot fun d's operation for over the past months, which are seriously remarkable figures. figure comparative chart for mr. david chen and mr. ted min's pilot fund operation performance based may data however, might somewhat difficult quickly jump into the conclusion favorable the qts just looking the above simple comparative chart. what important the strategy for the designing suitable fund item. fund portfolio strategy utilizing qts the aidus project team shall applying algorithm that has been further improve its stability when compared the algorithm used during the qts pilot fund oper ation. figure qts-applied fund portfolios target yield rate other words, the qts-applied fund portfolios will intentionally lowered annual yield rate order strengthen its stability equip enough competitiven ess the conventional fund market. this regard, shall using the following two strategies enhance the stability. applying stability-enhanced qts algorithm the algorithm used for the pilot fund and virtual account operation during the pas years has also been focused for the testing its stability. thus, the records were chieved with effort test the achievement and performance various risk situatio and through usage various pattern-based algorithm the qts. however, order penetrate the conventional fund market, shall applying times more enhanced algorithm terms its stability, along with our strategy design fund portfolio with higher portion allocated for the qts application. collaboration strategy with various amcs' portfolios asset management companies can utilize the qts design various structure fun items depending the fund characteristics, competitiveness, and target yield rate. figure sample fund portfolio structure using high stability qts depicted the above figure, the qts will enable the asset management companies create unique fund portfolio reflecting the needs the investors. qts operation and profit model qts based the structure that the asset management company should first contractual relationship the aidus platform to, then, have separate agreement and contract with the aisys global pte. ltd.. figure qts contract flow other words, necessary enter into the aidus platform use the qts. the set management company may not use the qts the company doesn't want, the sset management company can generate fund linked qts such bond stock. however, when the contract made, the accurate investment amount should confir med and then operated. qts usage fee follows. management fee initial investment amount performance fee %-% investment profit the above fees are slightly lower than the average management commission fees her asset management companies, and may adjusted depending the situation. addition, since qts operation operated aisys global pte. ltd. regardless ico, fees and usage rights are subject the policy aisys global pte. ltd.. vi. aidus global d-fund platform the official name for the platform the 'aidus global d-fund platform', referred 'adfp' its abbreviation. the reason behind the creation adfp mentioned [ii... the need and core tas investors and asset management companies], are aiming creating the orld's biggest professional asset management community and platform which global investors can freely join access the global asset management market. figure connecting global asset management market through adfp adfp can only used through the aidus token, allowing the users connected the world market without any exchange service. investors can get access any fund any country through fund information from aro und the world, and asset management companies can promote and attract investors from all around the world. aidus token (aidus) purchase liquidation aidus token (aidus) consignment liquidation aidus investment /reinvestment aidus return usage smart contract-based aidus token (aidus) figure operational structure adfp-based decentralized fund market investors who have joined adfp can automatically create wallets within the atform, operate aidus's functions like hts, and use page get the token quantity fund information favorites yield status personal information time. the asset management company can easily manage the fund product promoti and opening, subscription status, real-time yield rate and redemption ing the decentralized fund market, and satisfy the requirement use the qts that has been developed the aisys global pte. ltd.. addition, all the process laid out above are identical with that the rocess taking place the real economy, and that there not single room hat might cause legal issue, investors and asset management companies are applied with their own local regulation. fact, because the asset man agement company the one which has created and operated the fund acc ordance with the local financial laws the applicable country and that one that has attracted the investors. adfp-based decentralized fund market structure there are various service features the adfp, but shall first focus the explanation the decentralized fund market model constitutes the core feature the adfp. basic structure adfp-based decentralized fund market main participants adfp-based decentralized fund market are investors, manag asset ement companies, and the adfp used them. figure basic structure adfp-based decentralized fund market the adfp platform allows investors become members and sign contracts with the set management company use the adfp platform. here, adfp simply provides the atform and does not engage any contracts between investors and asset management companies all. other words, adfp the same open market direct deal market, where all funds are traded only the investors and asset management compa nies. ... fund usage structure investors the investor purchases aidus tokens after signing the platform, transfers the token the member's wallet within the platform, confirms the fund information, and identifies the fund which would like join adfp. when investor signs for desired nd, needs invest the corresponding amount aidus tokens since the amount fund based the real currency. after signing up, the asset management company will manage the fund and the investor will receive his yield the aidus token paid into the investor's adfp wallet, matching the revailing real currency value, during the fun maturity mid-term closing. figure fund usage structure investors this time, the investor has chance choose how get the yield return either aidus, depending the asset management company, when signs for fund. you want cash out when you hold the aidus, you can transfer your personal allet and convert cash regular market exchange. you want reinvest money, you should check the information funds and sign into fund through aidus token the adfp wallet. since the investor's assets are being converted into cash and being managed funds the asset management company during the depicted [figure fund usage structure investo rs], they are affected not the market price aidus token, but real currency econo my. other cases, the market price aidus token will applied the pricing. was explained [iv. aidus token summary], one the core elements the aidus token the profit maximization strategy that was instilled the token itself. us, every investor must carefully contemplate this are before making fixed investme decisions. the investor wallet within the adfp privately owned, and even though the aidus ken the wallet, not yet cashed funded, affected the market price aidus tokens. therefore, the investor can regard the wallets the adfp his/her own wallet, and that can easily understood approaching the concept linking his/her bank account with private account hts for stock trading. ... fund usage structure amcs figure adfp fund usage structure amcs after signing the contract with the adfp, the asset management company can create fund through the amc's admin page, and publicize the relevant information through the fund information page. when investors sign into the fund, asset management com pany cashes the aidus sent the investor into the company's wallet and manages funds through smart contract. the event fund's maturity mid-term closing request, the asset management ompany will purchase the aidus tokens corresponding the yield return from the changes per the value real currency and that will paid the investor. this case, the date and method payment shall notified the investor prior the nd's entry and paid the correct schedule, and the aidus payment cash payment shall also agreed upon the contract when investors sign into the fund the first place. addition, just the real economy, every asset management company designates trustee protect investors' investments, and doing so, the actual investment fun must managed the trustees. this will explained separately the terms the contract. investors invest large quantities ask for large amount redemption, which ight trigger the aidus' market price fall rise, which the asset management com panies can affected the market price. order prepare for this, must secur liquidity supply through contract with lp(liquidity provider). the asset manageme company can supply liquidity its own, may not needed, the asset mana gement company can choose use for its service. structure registration contract signing fund market adfp does not guarantee anonymity the business model structure. this means that the investor must certify himself herself the time signing the fund, and the asse management company must have certificate issued its own government order ensure trust. therefore, adfp, the investor must fill the matters related kyc (self- certificatio and aml (anti-money laundering) when signing up. this system that all particip ants the adfp must through, and especially for investors, because inte rnational fund transaction, necessary register internationally recognized pass port identification. asset management companies can use adfp only through contract with adfp, not ust membership. the reason for the "investor protection". many countries, there are tight regulations regarding the number permits, such asset management icense, fund management license, joint venture certification, vendor certificate, set reserves, and payment reserves for the same purpose. adfp has duty notarize and verify all these order make contract with asset management company for the protection investors through legal company each different country. therefore, adfp can used only reliable asset managem ent company through the adfp membership and contract policy. addition, the asset man agement company limits the fund recruitment amount when the fund created asse holdings and reserve funds. for clarification, this not about creating every new concept but only enable real set management companies that have already received the proper license the real onomy join the fund market. course, these companies not necessarily have get every permit from every country, but there specific regulation that prohibits investment from certain country and that asset management company the does not satisfy the specific condition, this case, there will function that prev ents the settlement agreement within the fund market. addition, under the adfp contract, the asset management company should translate the company introduction and fund information into english, chinese, japanese, germa russian, korean and spanish, and inform the investors the fund information when signing into the fund. this the basic service that has provided our platform targeting for advertisement and marketing global investors. adfp-based decentralized fund market system figure adfp-based decentralized fund market system structure features and system adfp-based decentralized fund market the features and the systematic structure the adfp-based decentralized fund marke depicted the blow diagram. the system based the ethereum network consisting smart contract, co- thentication feature, fund information system, wallet system and various related featur for the platform. figure adfp-based decentralized fund market system structure ... smart contract adfp's system structure that caters signing into and reselling funds online, important sign contracts with investors and asset management companies using smart contract. therefore, aidus token must transferred from the investor's wallet the asset management company's wallet automatically when the specific contract been settled. also, the case the fund operation period maturity mid-term fun withdrawal, aidus token will transferred from the asset management company's wallet the investor's wallet. addition, each specific process will automatically eflected with the application and contract writing and customer authentication informa tion, manner that the relevant information shall automatically updated. most these functions are based the already existing technologies, but the blockchain technologies will applied specifically investor nformation and contract information that require security enhancement. .... investor registration contract investors can register the fund market using aidus dapp through the websit provided adfp. aidus creates ethereum user account through metamask wallet (chrome extension) through the myetherwallet, then encrypts and stores the investor's personal information, specific nonce (uint) information and the ethereu user account the ipfs(interplanetary file system) network, and receives hash (con tents address) information for accessing the corresponding personal information from the ipfs. therefore, personal information can only accessed the user, and the cryption key that can decrypted also stored the ipfs and given separate has (contents address). other words, only the user can access personal information rough ipfs and decrypt the personal information. aidus then registers only the ipfs ash information the ethereum blockchain that can access private information using smart contract. figure investor registration contract structure .... amc registration contract the membership registration process the asset management company consists stages. the first stage includes the data storage process asset management mpany's personal information, which similar the one which used with general vestors. the second stage includes the data storage process the reference information asset management company that should accessible the investors, which pub licly stored the ipfs serializing json file. therefore, the hash information cor responding the information the asset management company the second step stored the ipfs and the hash information the decryption key are registered blockchain through the smart contract the aidus token the same time the signing up. figure amc registration contract structure .... fund registration contract when registering new fund information, smart contract based the ethereum ser account the asset management company being used create new smart contract (ca, contract account) and register the ethereum network. this time, the fund name, the fund type, the evaluation grade, the base price, the ale the fund, the total commission, the management company, the information und managers, various reports (investment manual, investment protocol, management report, asset management report, and etc.), fund redemption method, fees, and etc. registered the ethereum network, and the owner the smart contract address the fund becomes the asset management company who created the fund. this time, evm (ethereum virtual machine) storage structure for mapping key value, and since both key and value use -bit size, various report files are uploade ipfs and only hash information registered the ethereum network. figure fund registration contract structure .... fund purchasing contract investors may purchase the funds registered the asset management company throu smart contract. this time, the investors must hold the aidus token his/her wallet and sending the token the smart contract address the relevant fund the fund officially purchased and settled. aidus token requires gas (eth) sen and the exhaustion sufficient gas can lead quick transactions. when the fund purchased, the asset management company acquires the authority view the investor's personal information. this time, the asset management compa can inquire the fund buyer's ipfs hash information and hash information including decryption key which would enable the viewing information through smart contra ct. figure fund purchasing contract structure ... fund maturity redemption contract smart contracts for fund maturity redemption are calculated reference the inf ormation the oracles information system during the maturity redemption the nd. other words, smart contract that determines the amount paid investor the asset management company. however, the method calculating fund redemption fee differs for each fund, and the investor's evaluation amount paid after the fund redemption fee deducted. (difference might occur according type fund, commission, redemption, and standard time) this point, the oracles information system continuously registers the fund base date reference price and yield rate the base time, comparison index, type average, and change rate the ethereum network through smart contract. figure fund maturity redemption contract structure ... co-authentication system tim berners-lee, software engineer european particle research institute (ce rn) located between switzerland and france, researched the web for quick and accurate information exchange among researchers working universities and research institutes round the world. when the world wide web had been created, the original goal the web was decentralization. but today's web rapidly centralized hundreds millions people rely handful services. this was not the direction that http was first intended, and the nsa usa the nis korea now has the ability monitor with just few servers. now government can block specific content its own discretion and monitor real-time chat history. centralize servers are exposed ddos attacks and various hacking risks and are being attempte hack them for the purpose obtaining personal information. result, verizon, which acquired yahoo's internet business october said that was revealed late that hacking damage occurred august amounted billion user accounts. the victims included yahoo's tumblr and flicker. addition, oracle's pay ment subsidiary, micros, has also been hacked user information, and linked-in has rev ealed that million user passwords were leaked recently, big data has become one the core strategies future corporations, and the kinds and amounts personal information they collect are increasing. however, with the centralization personal data, these companies, which store large number custome information, are becoming good prey such honey pot for hackers, and the practi actually being hacked repeated over and over. information once leaked cannot reversed and being exploited for crimes such voice phishing. aidus can decentralize the web that would prevent few powerful organizations ompanies controlling the web. this will lead the recovery the sovereignty person information, and the personal information provider can directly select the object that can provided with their personal information after the web distributed and the pers onal information decentralized, the co-authentication system can prevent the abuse personal information and recover sovereignty control their own personal information. this regard, the aidus co-authentication system uses the latest interplanetary file system (ipfs) technology. when investor and asset management company ask for sign using adfp's web service, the personal information uploaded file the ipfs bson (binary son) serialization. this time, the ipfs encrypts the corresponding file provide has key (contents address), which owned solely the investor the asset managemen company itself. this time, only the investor the asset management company havin the provided key can browse the personal information, and then the hash value and decryption key the file are registered the smart contract. the fund investor and the asset management company can make bilateral transaction from adfp peer-topeer, and this time, they can receive the personal information each other the ipf with mutual hash value and decryption key. figure co-authentication structure ... fund information system system that allows the transfer data from centralized fund information provider file system using blockchain technology the blockchain itself called information system. method transferring data from centralized data distributed environment, dus updates the fund information registered the asset management company time basis the blockchain network. ... wallet system adfp provides wallet that fully decentralized and are able trade peer-to-peer fun ding using the ethereum-based mobile native app wallets and chrome web bro wser-based extension programs such the metamask myetherwallet. the investor can purchase the fund through the aidus token, and the adius token transferred from the investor's wallet the asset management company's wallet throu smart contract, and the same time, the transaction hash information register the ethereum network. this time, the asset management company acquires authority view the member information the investor, and the member informa tion the fund can viewed through the ipfs. the amount the valuation maturity redemption calculated referring the information the information system. however, the method calculating the fund demption fee differs for each fund, and the investor's evaluation fee will paid oken cash through the smart contract after charging the fund redemption fee. figure adfp-based decentralized fund market wallet system access structure why ethereum network? the ethereum network platform for distributed ecosystems. the adfp decentralized fund market requires smart contract order perform compl fund transactions. this regard, the ethereum the first-ever blockchain network allow smart contracts. the third phase the roadmap, byzantium metropolis was upgraded based the ,,th block october and the tps problem and mining upgrade (pow os) will completed through the upgrade constantinople. the blockchain ledger should able handle more complex transactions than simply ending and receiving values but rather should enable entering data, transmitting sta values and performing complex requests and calls. also, since use the erc- token that can further expanded the blockchain, the ethereum network guarantees the most suitable environment for the adfp. are fully aware adfp's potential problems the ethereum network and are working maxi mize the potential for adfp grow for further diverse applications. ... smart contract the fund market needs more features than sending tokens. the distributed fund mark requires blockchain ledger execute more complex transactions than the basic trans mitting and receiving value. the core competence ethereum smart contracts, which provides the ability extensively use the blockchain ledgers. smart contracts provide solution for executing commands blockchain network. ese data can store, retrieve, and process data the ethereum blockchain network and distribute code that cannot modified once has been deployed the network. the basic function smart contract terms fund contract the storage data. his data includes information about the contracted fund, funding amount, fund contractin party information, and fund schedule. the information mentioned above can used conduct mutual fund transactions between trusted asset management company and the investor. however, may need more than the above data when want viable solution for mutual fund dealings between investors and asset managem ent companies that not have information the contracting counterpart. ... decentralized application (dapp) distributed fund market ethereum provides ecosystem for the fund market that executed the blockch ain network. through the distributed fund market, all transactions are conducted the blockchain, and all data related the funds are stored and executed the blockchain network, which provides security, trust and transparency between the investor and the asset nagement company. smart contract ethereum-based smart contract provides ecosystems that create transactions even without prior trust established between the parties. all transactions are performed usin smart contract. that is, contracts (code) cannot manipulated tampered beca use the code runs the blockchain and the adfp copies the information multiple nodes. smart contract for distributed fund market smart contract suitable for distributed platforms, and smart contract can handle complex transactions such future payments, token transfers, and any kind closing redemption execution. moreover, smart contract also need store information about investors the blockchain, the information can stored and categorized there are important data for the fund contract the blockchain. vii. aidus ico plan overview aidus token sales plan the aidus token, carrying out the critical role the adfp-based decentralized fund market, shall acquired through the token presale the form ico(initial token offering). the tokens offered the ico shall based erc-o token format, and used the fund market once the aidus global d-fund platform-based decentr alized fund market launched. moreover, once the aidus main-net launched lat phases, the token shall changed into the aidus token ratio. table overview aidus token sales plan the total billion aidus tokens shall minted/issued, which only billion (ex clusive bonus tokens) aidus tokens (aidus) shall distributed through the ico. token sales schedule and details the aidus token sales shall through three different phases starting from private esale public presale then the public sale phase. should the hard cap reached any phase, the following sales phase may not take place. ,,,aidus (pre-issuing volume aidus) table aidus token sales schedule and details rate for the ethereum payment shall announced hours prior each phase sales aidus token distribution plan figure aidus token distribution plan sequential token supply plan the aidus project team shall issuing about the entire aidus token thro ugh the ico. the fund volume within the adfp decentralized fund market expected expand gradual phase, which will coupled with the growing demand aid token liquidity the market. thus, the remaining the aidus token shall supplied the market aisys global sequential manner following the expa nsion the fund volume within the platform. the profits generated from the sequenti supplying the aidus tokens the aisys global shall transparently operate through the operation the proprietary qts and well for the liquidity resourc for the amcs. for the avoidance doubt, none these profits will distributed whether directly indirectly) holders the tokens aidus tokens. token repurchase plan the aidus project team plans protect the token value the tokens/aidus tokens first expanding the fund volume within the adfp decentralized fund market rtain level, and then using the profits generated the asset management the prop rietary qts purchase certain amount aidus tokens from the market each year reduce the amount aidus tokens circulation. aidus tokens that are purchase shall held aisys global its reserves for such activities aisys global, its sole and absolute discretion, deems appropriate from time time. budget operation plan figure budget operation plan development and o&m budget for aidus token and platform aidus token fundamental management asset management budget allocated secure fundamentals for the aidus token through the qts project road-map review aidus token model draft whitepaper aidus adfp-based fund market aidus token legal review completed development plan for adfp-based decentralized fund market development language: node.js solidity web.js react java script java python social contribution (csr) plan the aidus project team has launched the corporate social responsibility committee within the ais foundation ltd. from the very start the project with aim lau nch various social contribution activities from the early stage our project. viii. team advisory team aisys global ceo ais foundation chairman hanson robotics director cfo angelvest co-founder chairman david chen ceo harvard university, mba university rochester, electrical engineering aidus global d-fund platform project aidus project start. lulu investment club co.,ltd. established. qts development and service start ted min coo founder expert financial transaction analysis and algorithm builder. platform and service planning and opera tion experts.. oputech singapore ceo alternative leveraged inv. consulting ceo tullett prebon korea director kiwoom securities, dgb asset management, citi kyle ahn cio bank korea asset management illinois university, usa mba hsbc avp, enterprise system architecture hsbc officer ibm project manager jonathan kim cto nokia unix specialist kfm network developer david lee dennis lee management support director business team leader steven lee neo min planning team leader management support team leader kelly reo kim development team leader strategic planning team leader dong kim arseny frolov blockchian dev. team leader web developer kirill bondarev yauhen sakovich blockchain developer blockchain developer favian lee olga ovchinnikova design team leader senior designer ken ekaterina moiseenko marketing team leader social marketing manager advisor founding partner darma captial. former director consensys capital ceo healthcare inside/med a-z managing member family companies life settlement james slazas partner legacy advisory group co-founder president good morning holdings corp. chairman happy home economy institute kikwon doh founder ceo unhwa corperation advis hyundai motor securities ceo goodmoring shinhan securities ceo citicorp securities finance director digitial training alter solutions deutschland gmbh '.~'. senior scrum master high access solutions '.~'. director project management plus '.~'. director portfoliomanagement ltd thorsten schauer doctor degree international business administration and master degree international business law sales and business dev. manager vixion b.v. business dev. manager digital intelligence group b.v. co-founder candy licensing b.v. wim jagtenberg master degree tax law business dev. management expert software industry ceo global fund llc chairman fiia ceo washington global fund lp. ted kim attorney law jaeger& teras llp. portfolio manager falcon asia fund gordian capital +years experience financial investments including working one global hedge funds, and edward choi carnegie mellon university tepper school business .sep head mea&global special projects afiniti ai/ mckinsey solutions partner system hotels ltd. '.nov '.nov: chief investment officer -depa united group hadi solh havard university .mar~ blockscale solution inc. ceo .may~: decentralizing precision medicine with advisor .mar~ blockchain learning grouo inc. ceo chami akmeemana queen mary university london msc, engineering develop keyboard security solutions vulnerability analysis develophead advertising agency development. establish and manage multiple companies including zen software, superbee, and pumpkinnz. james lee has over years development and business planning experience. ceo real stock, the leading real stock market manager happy telecom motorola engineer book {story easiest futures and options the world} moon {stock futures trading secrets} {foreign futures real investment complete conquest}