trusted open social platform based blockchain-ailink white paper ailink trusted open social platform based blockchain white paper v.. ailink kuai lian zhu hui she jiao kai fang ping tai trusted open social platform based blockchain-ailink white paper decentralized social platform? social scenes the blockchain era gamification social incentive autonomous ecosystem ailink break through six degrees separation ailink ecosystem composition users developers advertisers merchants pgc economic circulation system ailink proof contribution mechanism plans and road maps ailink's system architecture ailink foundation ailink team investor team consultants investor partner token launch token distribution plan budget allocation ailink legal structure disclaimer trusted open social platform based blockchain-ailink white paper decentralized social platform? the greatest social networking platform the internet era facebook, wechat and on. initially these products gained massive users meeting their needs communication and socialization, and then succeeded creating great commercial value. however, the drawbacks traditional social platforms are getting more and more obvious: giant's products acquired monopoly, users have choice and discourse right. user privacy can not guaranteed. user's data analyzed and commercialized the platform, user experience getting worse, users are forced receive mandatory advertisements and commercial push, and the cost trust between users also getting higher and higher. because the centralized flow platform, developer has bargaining power, and most the proceeds are obtained the platform, many good products are hard reveal. advertisers the traditional platform advertising, can not get real and transparent advertising effectiveness. insufficient incentives. the value the platform essentially created users with every piece content and interaction little bit cumulatively, but without any direct relationship with users. the traditional social networking platform essentially commercial company that continuously intrudes the interests users for the kpis business goals and financial statements. ailink's purpose encourage users engage value-social interaction the value network they trust and build new social network the ideal trusted open social platform based blockchain-ailink white paper ecological value system based artificial intelligence technology, technology and blockchain, which has decentralization, high security, privacy protection and other features, instead the traditional profit model commercial companies which use information and resources asymmetric. addition, blockchain industry has developed the present stage, user-friendly blockchain products are strongly needed which allow more users accept and recognize the concept and value the blockchain, which also ailink's mission. ailink will start with social games, allowing users begin understand the value the blockchain bring their own value, attract friends around the world join the game, and quickly establish connections and interact with other users the platform. social scenes the blockchain era winter vacation was coming, lei planned travel new york, opened ailink and released real-time travel topic, and soon attracted dozen people with the same plan join the group, everyone discussed the ticket, visa, travel and other topics actively, finally lei decided travel together with several guys who had the same destination and good credit ailink. then sent broadcast message ailink using token looking for local guides new york, and soon received joanna's reply, users who had helped spread the message received token rewards. lei found joanna's opening message very appropriate, she was available and helped design the entire journey, smart contract was established. when arrived new york city, joanna took the group guided tour. when resting joanna opened the interactive game ailink play with everyone and soon began get familiar with each other and found common topics. lei launched third-party local services ailink discover trusted open social platform based blockchain-ailink white paper restaurants and hotels that support token payments and took everyone there. after the trip, lei confirmed the trip was completed and gave praise, token paid joanna automatically based smart contracts. the previous story tells typical social scene ailink the era blockchain. the whole social ecosystem will more open, altruism will more evident among ecological roles, trust cost between users will get lower and lower, information will transferred more efficient, and users will have more and more control over personal information and privacy. gamification social incentive autonomous ecosystem the most important concept that blockchain brings users the value personal assets. mining will also become the most basic behavior the blockchain era. happy miner, the first blockchain game based ailink, combines these concepts and maps each user the platform asset that can traded and appreciated, and give the user blockchain social price and computing power attribute. users can purchase their own friends trusted open social platform based blockchain-ailink white paper other users become their own miners mine for themselves. each time they are traded, they will increase their social price the higher the transaction number, the higher the social price and the computing power will be. the mining output mechanism similar the pos mechanism, the higher the calculation power, the higher the output. after the basic gameplay was confirmed, mining pool system was introduced. the mining pool system autonomous ecosystem, any organization individual can set mine pool investing certain amount tokens, and setting the mining requirements and output rates. all users can independently assign miners choose different mining pool obtain higher profits. with reference ethereum's mining methods, the mine pool will automatically adjust the mining difficulty the number users changes, ensuring that users can get enough benefits while too less users, and increasing the difficulty mining while too many users avoid overcrowding. the same time, the happy miner has set six degrees separation invitation mechanism. the user can see the six degrees separation list has invited, which greatly reduces the threshold for user interaction and minimizes the cost for users establish connections. ailink break through six degrees separation ailink trusted user-friendly open social platform based blockchain. ailink ecology, the user's behavior data will recorded the node blockchain, which can not tampered with, and the transaction behaviors trusted open social platform based blockchain-ailink white paper participants all social networks are realized and constrained smart contract technology. under the premise ensuring the privacy users, anyone can depict the user's digital portraits through the data the blockchain, and determine whether the person credible the blockchain score, thereby greatly reduce the trust cost between people and build highly trusted ecosystem. the basis trust, ailink will directly break through six degrees separation. users can directly connect conclude transactions with any node the network low cost, that information and value can effectively spread throughout the blockchain network. then, publishers will achieve their goals, communicators will get token rewards, benefiting all nodes spread throughout the network. addition, ailink capture and process massive users open data blockchain networks with operations, design unique formulas, match users with high affinity, achieve the desired results, such the same crowd music lovers, the probability the person matching the music preferences matches higher depending the user's preference for the genre music. the frequency interaction between users will also used calculate friends degree, continuously improve the relationship between friends. the same time, ailink will provide more user-friendly applications, ailink will start with social games, let users get the concept and value blockchain more simply and directly, then improve the entire social ecosystem gradually. trusted open social platform based blockchain-ailink white paper ailink ecosystem composition the basic value concept ailink ecology attribute value the contributors the ecology, that each role the ecosystem can truly receive benefits. the factors ailink's ecosystem are: users, developers, advertisers, merchants and pgc, the main behavior each factor follows: users developer advertiser merchants pgc users users are the forefront the ailink platform and enjoy absolute control over personal information and assets. users can send messages which break through network boundaries blockchain network, others can help transfer messages and receive token rewards. users can communicate and interact with friends online and receive token rewards. users can play games online offline with other users and receive token rewards. users can discover nearby business campaigns and sign using tokens. users create interactive content within the community. popular content gets more exposure, and high-quality content gets more token rewards well. trusted open social platform based blockchain-ailink white paper users can use tokens propose new ideas for games. other user can contribute their tokens support the ideas. developers can develop the proposed games and get the token rewards. users can choose whether shown push information like ads and game notifications. ensure privacy, the users' data can only viewed themselves users with their authorizations. developers ailink reshapes the collaboration between the platform and the developers, and the platform very developer friendly. developers provide social network users with games, live streaming, ecommerce and other content and services and charge the users directly get the tokens service fee. for example, the reward the live broadcast application can realized through the smart contract, and the token paid the regular taker divided into certain percentage the live broadcast developer and the anchor. all other profit sharing agreements are based smart contracts and are guaranteed not tampered with. the more users use the app, the more token rewards the app developers get. the developers can get most the revenue from in-app purchases. developers can also use tokens promote their applications within the platform. the platform, based blockchain technology, ensures that advertisers get real and effective delivery results. trusted open social platform based blockchain-ailink white paper ailink will provide developers tools and interfaces developing games and applications ensure that developers can quickly and efficiently generate smart contract and develop third-party applications and services. advertisers advertisers can use tokens publish business tasks the platform, gain visibility through social networks, and fulfill specific business purposes, and token will rewarded users who have finished business tasks based smart contracts. merchants merchants can initiate campaigns the platform, run ads attract users shop. they pay tokens and receive token rewards. pgc pgc can publish content that attracts users ailink's open platform, and receive corresponding token rewards based user browsing and sharing. app-specific token rewards, such tip, are available through the apps. pgc can pay tokens promote their content. trusted open social platform based blockchain-ailink white paper economic circulation system ailink the main token flow chart the ailink ecosystem follows: rec eiv developers users tok pai merchant system ith merchants otio ens pro tok wit tion ith reward tokens offline payment tokens gaming system advertisers pgc ailink uses the tokens for ecosystem construction and incentives. users developers' contributions the platform will rewarded according the poc mechanism. the usage scenarios the tokens are very diverse. the main ways use them are: in-app purchase. make payments the third-party applications provided the developers, forms live streaming rewards, paid content and ecommerce purchases, among many others. trusted open social platform based blockchain-ailink white paper use ailink's wallet for offline payments merchants. other types token transfer between users, including the interactive ailink 'red envelope' function. proof contribution mechanism consideration the features social network, ailink applied proof contribution mechanism with smart contract technology solve incentive issues the community and ensure that the entire community's ecosystem open and transparent. token generation rules: the platform performs calculations every hours reward contributors and participants the platform. each time, the pool rewards fixed. the pool rewards becomes one-half last year every days. calculation demonstration: participant contribution measure (interaction factor interaction quantity sharing factor share quantity ugc factor ugc quantity ugc quality game factor game usage application factor application usage ...)* online duration hours) circulation quantity the day participant's gain the day m/(m+m+...+mn) trusted open social platform based blockchain-ailink white paper plans and road maps juhuiwan, ailink's first product, has gained million registered users since its launch with hundreds games the platform meet the entertainment needs users various scenes. the road maps are follows: set and improve the ecosystem model. happy miner, based ailink's social game, began test. launch autonomous business ecosystem, launch token wallet function, grow user quantity exponentially through viral marketing. launch incentive system, improve the social system functions and open platform service system. launch the open gaming platform, diversify the platform's ecosystem and improve the platform's value system. integrate applications into the system large quantities and improve the ecosystem for the entire platform. trusted open social platform based blockchain-ailink white paper ailink's system architecture users, developers, advertisers networking system gaming system merchant system ailink open platform smart contract distributed database blockchain technology pgc trusted open social platform based blockchain-ailink white paper ailink foundation ailink foundation independent organization whose main responsibilities are: support ailink's technology development, develop and choose important partners the ecosystem. responsible for expanding and motivating members. participate rule making, legal affairs and compliance supervision. responsible for developing the open social network platform and defining its regulatory rules, research objectives and development goals. responsible for the design smart contracts, allowing developers submit changes based the actual situation. the foundation responsible for establishing fair and reasonable assessment mechanism and reviewing the proposed changes. foundation trusted open social platform based blockchain-ailink white paper ailink team investor team consultants roger founder and ceo juhuiwan and tianhu game, known social game platform with young users. sky kong former cto rongyi.com. more than years experience artificial intelligence, large data, micro service, system architecture and blockchain. alan co-founder and coo juhuiwan. worked baidu inc. and .com. master degree computer science department tongji university. lann lan rich experience marketing field including marketing related information collection and analysis, consulting, promotion activities, customer service, planning and strategies making. trusted open social platform based blockchain-ailink white paper colin duan phd. years experience the field and machine learning; extensive work experience amazon, ebay, and ge. linc yang years experience system architecture and technical solution, has been worked and singapore. samuel wang years profound development experience morgan stanley and walmart.com. kenn kong group ceo,partner geekbeans capital, cofounder chainplus, invested and hatched more than crypto projects. trusted open social platform based blockchain-ailink white paper shichun top angel investor. founder plum ventures. investor qudian, miya, changba. chandler guo founder bitangel fund, well know angel investor blockchain field. zhu founder dreamchaser fund and inno valley. investor super class, liwushuo, boostinsider and juhuiwan. yiyun zhang funding partner "geekbeans capital", ceo "pocket part-time". trusted open social platform based blockchain-ailink white paper investor partner trusted open social platform based blockchain-ailink white paper token launch token distribution based ailink social platform's characteristics and positioning, the marketing foundation platform plans offer billion ailink token (alix). team and advisors ecosystem unlock rules for team and advisors: advisors: unlock every month for months. team: unlock after months, then unlock every month for months. foundation for project development, unlock every year for years. plan the platform will devote the tokens funds, which equals billion alix tokens. plan will open for cornerstone investors and investors. trusted open social platform based blockchain-ailink white paper budget allocation the raised fund will legal services used for market expansion and community incentives, for daily operation team building and development, foundation for foundation expenses, marketing for the project's daily operation expenses, and for product development legal services costs. trusted open social platform based blockchain-ailink white paper ailink legal structure ailink project will set the ailink foundation ltd. the foundation, independent legal entity, will solely responsible for organizing the team develop, market and operate the ailink project and assume all the relevant responsibilities. ailink foundation will strictly accordance with the laws and regulations singapore, the appropriate way for specific groups private placement, and give the digital currency alix. due legal restrictions national citizens and groups, the digital currency alix will not conduct public crowdfunding public offering some countries and regions. digital currency alix used virtual commodity and token practical use, not security nor speculative investment vehicle. ailink foundation ltd. the digital currency alix sales revenue, mainly for technology development, marketing, community building, financial audit, business cooperation and other purposes. ailink still likely challenged and regulated competent authorities different countries around the world. order meet and comply with local laws and regulations, ailink may not able provide normal services some areas. disclaimer this document only describes the project. this document does not constitute any investment advice suggestions, nor does this document constitute any form contract commitment. trusted open social platform based blockchain-ailink white paper potential participants this project must clearly aware its risks. once they participate, indicates that they understand and accept the risks this project and are willing bear all the corresponding results for this purpose. the project team expressly disclaims any direct indirect loss caused any participation this project. this project disclaimer includes, but not limited to: there guarantee that the token value will increase and its value may decrease some cases. token not type ownership control right. this project does not grant any decision right about the project applications any individual. the risk that the tokens may lost, stolen swindled. the risk relevant judicial supervision. digital currencies have become the object regulation many countries. pressure from regulatory agencies may affect the project its tokens. the risk that the project project tokens lack visibility. possible that the tokens not get enough attention usage from large number individuals organizations. the project project tokens does not meet the project's own investors' expectations. the risk being hacked. the risk that the project's bugs are cracked. trusted open social platform based blockchain-ailink white paper the risk that the tokens are not listed exchanges. the project team does not guarantee that the tokens will listed any specific exchange. the risk that the project team dismissed. there exists this possibility that reasons such business relationships being broken intellectual property lawsuit issues, may severely affect the team even cause the dismissal the team. the risk that the project's relevant official websites wallets encounter technical issues. other unforeseen risks. there possibility that the project development fails due legitimacy, market demand, technical other reasons that are not uncontrollable.