white paper july aion: the third-generation blockchain network matthew spoke nuco engineering team matt@aion.network aion@nuco.io release v.., july abstract mainstream adoption blockchain systems has been limited due unsolved questions scalability, privacy, and interoperability. this paper, will outline proposed design for the aion network; generation multi-tier blockchain system designed address these challenges. core our hypothesis the idea that many blockchains will created solve unique business challenges, within unique industries. such, the aion network designed support custom blockchain architectures, while providing trustless mechanism for cross-chain interoperability. the root this system the world's first dedicated public enterprise blockchain, aion-; state the art blockchain that introduces new paradigm security, and fair, representative crypto-economic incentives. roadmap this paper intended technical introduction, and will followed additional research and design considerations. such, over the coming months, the aion team will publish series research papers that more thoroughly explain the concepts the proposed consensus algorithm, the virtual machine and scripting language, the bridge and inter-chain transaction functionality, and the economic system underpinning the network. addition, following this introductory paper, aion will release its fundraising strategy and timeline for your consideration. look forward your feedback share our ideas with you. contents contents contents introduction history first-generation blockchain second-generation blockchain aion: the third-generation blockchain aion multi-tier blockchain network high-level overview consensus definitions validator nomination process validator-backer rewards distribution tiered active set backing ... staking ... solving ... function stakes and solutions incentives reputation proof intelligence ... mechanism ... validation ... pooling aion virtual machine (avm) implementation limited consumption chain-oriented concurrency model scripting language specifications defensive programming blockchain runtime environment blockchain context injection security connecting networks interchain transaction format routing state bridges registration competition bridge consensus fee distribution participating networks aion compliant blockchains existing network compatibility ... aion ethereum ... ethereum aion aion- blockchain roadmap (c) nuco, inc. new alchemy aion the third-generation blockchain network contents contents phase phase phase conclusion contact references (c) nuco, inc. new alchemy aion the third-generation blockchain network history introduction mainstream adoption blockchains has been limited because scalability, privacy, and interoperability challenges. aion the first multi-tier blockchain network designed address these challenges. core our hypothesis the idea that many blockchains will created solve unique business challenges within unique industries. such, the aion network designed support custom blockchain architectures while providing trustless mechanism for cross-chain interoperability. the root the aion network the first dedicated, public, enterprise blockchain: aion-. aion- state-of-the-art, third-generation blockchain that introduces new paradigm security and fair, representative, cryptoeconomic incentives. this paper: introduces and explains the aion network--the next generation blockchain technology and first multi-tier blockchain network-- and its necessary infrastructures and protocols. details the vision and technical concepts aion-, purpose-built, public, third-generation blockchain and component within the aion network. provides roadmap for future implementations aion- and the aion network. these concepts are work progress and this paper intended establish intent and exploratory nature, not declarative. join the aion network mailing list get alerts about more detailed white papers related specific aspects aion they become available. history the landscape digital currencies and related blockchain technologies has changed significantly since bitcoin was first introduced first-generation blockchain bitcoin led the way the creation numerous alternative currency platforms the first generation blockchain technology. these first-generation blockchains provided solution conventional transaction limitations implementing cryptographically-secure, peerto-peer, digital transactions that are verified decentralized global network and recorded into immutable public ledger. resulting platform that leverages the advantages being digital, while preserving the economics scarcity. second-generation blockchain with the second generation blockchain, ethereum introduced the ability build application-specific logic upon blockchain network []. this enabled new capabilities beyond transactions incorporate state, business logic, and multi-party contracts stored and executed blockchain and written immutable ledger. these concepts have been incorporated into other distributed ledger technologies and have led the distinction building blockchain and building upon blockchain. the emersion blockchain-based applications positive for the industry. applications with novel use cases further demonstrate, and validate, the technology's ability evolve beyond just means transferring value. however, these separate networks are becoming disparate they are isolated and able only transfer data off chain transfer value through centralized exchanges. sense, tiny kingdoms with borders between economies and industries are being cemented. the number networks grow, the more disconnected and sparse the industry becomes. just the early days the internet, disparate blockchains networks have yet truly realize the benefits being connected. while specialized blockchain networks will and should developed, being able communicate chain other networks offers significant benefits, particularly privacy and scalability can maintained. mechanism for joining disparate networks will unlock enormous value for every participating network. (c) nuco, inc. new alchemy aion the third-generation blockchain network aion multi-tier blockchain network aion: the third-generation blockchain aion: the third-generation blockchain the future, blockchains will federate data and value hub and spoke model similar the internet. the future mainstream blockchain adoption will achieved the development networked, federated blockchain integrate these separate spokes. that integrated blockchain network aion. aion third-generation blockchain network that will enable any private public sector organization to: federate: send data and value between any aion-compliant blockchain and ethereum. scale: provide fast transaction processing and increased data capacity all aion blockchains. spoke: allow the creation customized public private blockchains that maintain interoperability with other blockchains, but allow publishers choose governance, consensus mechanisms, issuance, and participation. the root the aion network purpose-built, public, third-generation blockchain called aion-. designed connect other blockchains and manage its own robust applications, aion- also provides the economic system that incentivizes interoperability the ecosystem. aion tokens are the fuel used create new blockchains, monetize inter-chain bridges, and secure the overall network. aion multi-tier blockchain network the aion multi-tier blockchain network like computer network, providing protocol and standard for dissimilar systems communicate. however, addition information, the aion network will pass logic and value among participating blockchains create contiguous value chain where every transaction occurs on-chain, with logic and value passing among chains freely liquid assets. aion network user inter-chain communication participating network inter-chain transaction user participating network inter-chain transaction participating network participating network ethereum user figure example simple multi-tier blockchain network network, consisting all the major actors these infrastructures, protocols, and concepts will work together guarantee transmission from origin its destination through interchain communication. the value these technologies that they enable one blockchain transact with another blockchain, well one blockchain transact with every connected blockchain. connecting networks connecting networks are networks that facilitate interchain communication and interchain transactions between multiple private public blockchain networks. connecting networks are defined requirements that specify their role within the context the aion (c) nuco, inc. new alchemy aion the third-generation blockchain network aion multi-tier blockchain network interchain transaction network. connecting networks and interchain transactions provide universal interface that enables blockchain developers and users route messages from one network another. specifically, connecting network should provide the following core functionalities: route messages between different blockchain networks through common bridging protocol that involves translation and propagation the message, which must considered final. provide decentralized accountability. provide bridging protocol. aion network protocols specify standards for the external components. while the actual functionality and internal components each connecting network might vary vendor and intended purpose, these core functionalities should implemented. point-to-point connections such inter-blockchain relays purpose-specific networks such btc relay exist central hubs. such protocols, while simple and efficient, often result complicated state channels that can give rise contentious situations and are often the mercy one select group individuals that run the relaying networks. connecting network instead uses bridges and trust-free blockchain network validate and ensure the correctness flowing transactions. introducing third party that routes messages from point point the networks themselves not have manage difficult unclear situations. interchain transaction interchain transaction trust-free message between blockchain networks, critical infrastructure component powering interchain communication. interchain transactions allow any connected blockchain networks exchange information, like computers the internet. interchain transactions are initially created source blockchain and then processed and forwarded bridges and connecting networks before finally reaching the target blockchain. stated previously, the creator interchain transaction must pay transaction fee for the communication cost using aion tokens, thereby incentivizing all the participants each junction the route. interchain transactions are designed somewhat analogous packets specifying the hops they should perform from the source target network, which potentially means passing through numerous connecting networks. format ideally, the interchain transaction format would include three parts: payload data that specific the creator and typically regular transaction data, but potentially could extended arbitrary data, the discretion the creator and the source network. metadata about the interchain transaction that contains routing information and fees. merkle proof that only used when the sender wants bypass the bridge. the bridge and connecting network validators shall not interpret the data, but check the integrity the transaction whole. privacysensitive information applications could choose encrypt the data necessary. routing and fee information payload from_net to_net fee address hash signature proof (optional) figure visual depiction inter-chain transaction (c) nuco, inc. new alchemy aion the third-generation blockchain network aion multi-tier blockchain network interchain transaction routing the routing interchain transactions multi-phase process. each phase, the validators verify the transaction and reach consensus whether the transaction should forwarded rejected. transaction gets rejected any point, any state change result the interchain transaction will reverted, least the connecting network. the routing path can divided into two subpaths: the forward path and backward path. the forward path, interchain transaction flows from the source chain all the way the target chain. the backward path, confirmation the interchain transaction passed back. connecting network participating network participating network figure depiction ict lifecycle, beginning with emission from chain and ending with confirmation bridge refuses broadcast interchain transaction for any reason, the sender may choose pass the interchain transaction, including proof, directly the connecting network. the connecting network will validate the interchain transaction based its knowledge merkle hash chain the participating network and broadcast valid. the design the interchain transaction still under consideration and detailed paper the workings interchain transactions will published the project progresses. state interchain transaction state introduced represent the different stages/status transaction from the perspective the connecting network. timed out hold confirmed rejected finalized received figure flow chart the possible states that can occur within the lifetime ict when interchain transaction observed the participating network the bridge validators for the first time, the state changes received. over two thirds the bridge validators vote yes for the interchain transaction, the connecting network will change the state the interchain transaction hold, which will trigger event where corresponding connecting network token will locked until the transaction processed. less than two thirds the bridge validators vote yes for the interchain transaction, the state changes rejected. (c) nuco, inc. new alchemy aion the third-generation blockchain network aion multi-tier blockchain network bridges the on-hold transaction will forwarded bridge validators that connect the connecting network and the next blockchain the route. once confirmation received from the target blockchain, the state changes confirmed. confirmation received, the state changes timed out. for confirmed interchain transactions, the state changes finalized and all locked fees are distributed the connecting network and bridge validators. bridges bridge communication protocol that facilitates communication between the participating network and the connecting network. bridge composed its own distinct network validators that assures translation protocols and accountability between networks. bridges are directional; the source blockchain the chain where transactions are emitted and the target blockchain the chain where the transactions are forwarded. bridge has two main responsibilities: signing and broadcasting interchain transaction only they have been sealed the source blockchain and interchain transaction forwarding fee has been paid. informing the connecting network the merkle hash updates the participating network. bridge validators will use lightweight bft-based algorithm reach consensus. transactions get approved only after receiving over two thirds the total votes (weighted). connecting network bridges bridges connecting/ participating network participating network participating network bridges participating network participating network figure high level overview bridge connecting network relationship registration connecting networks are responsible for registering their directly-connected bridges. for each bridge, dedicated table validators will maintained the blockchain, sorted stake. anyone can join publicly-available bridge pledging stake towards it. specifically, there contract protocol whose purpose maintain global bridge registration, which updated dynamically nodes join leave bridging networks. for bridge considered valid, minimum total stake required. only the topvalidators will allowed participate bridge consensus. (c) nuco, inc. new alchemy aion the third-generation blockchain network aion multi-tier blockchain network bridges competition multiple bridges may generated when multiple groups validators register for the same blockchain network using different identifiers. from the perspective the connecting network, these bridges are distinct, although they propagate and receive messages towards the same network. then the user's responsibility determine which bridge use specifying the target network identification. here, the intent drive open market incentivizing different bridging networks compete terms stability, reputation, and pricing, with the goal optimal fee value driven market demands. bridge consensus bridge validators reach consensus following lightweight, bft-based protocol where transactions are processed one round instead multiple rounds. each validator evaluates transaction based their view the previous blockchain. interchain transaction deemed valid two thirds more validators voted yes, which point the next blockchain considers the transaction valid. beginning the start state, bridge validator required wait until interchain transaction received and then verifies the validity signature and transaction fees. based the validity the transaction, either dropped (not signed) the validator, signed and propagated the connecting target network. start wait for ict sign boardcast signature valid drop the ict yes yes sufficient fee figure algorithmic flow chart bridge validator behaviour fee distribution bridge validators are rewarded from interchain transaction fees and potentially portion block rewards. the fee distribution aim fair distribution policy. internally, all fees that bridge are distributed the bridge validators. this could done either proportionally the stake each validator has put the bridge equally regardless staking. externally, bridges share interchain transaction fees with other bridges the routing path and with the connecting network validators. there are two possible distribution models for external fees: the sender interchain transaction specifies how the fees are distributed between bridges and the connecting network. the advantage this approach that users have the option optimize the fees based the bridge load and minimum rates. the drawback that users need basic understanding the routing path and fee requirements each bridge before sending the transaction. the sender only specifies the total fee and the bridge and connecting network shares this fee based agreements hard-coded protocol. this approach has the advantage being simpler for the user. the drawback this approach that changing the ratio between bridge and connecting network slow, not hard. (c) nuco, inc. new alchemy aion the third-generation blockchain network aion multi-tier blockchain network participating networks participating networks one the core concepts the aion network design that dedicated the federation compatible blockchains blockchainrelated networks. these can purpose-specific blockchains, private networks, consortium blockchains representing collections entities. regardless the context, the interconnectedness and the ability interoperate efficient, secure, and transparent manner increases the value each network individually and also provides stability the blockchain ecosystem general. participating network any network that has successfully implemented requirements integrate with the connecting network. participating networks should blockchains, but are not necessarily limited such. some useful participants could oracles, cryptlets [], database clusters need verifiable information. the only limitation the flexibility the participating network integrate with the connecting network. once integrated with the aion network, participating networks gain access the communication protocol (interchain transaction) specified earlier, enabling numerous possible use cases. participating networks have the full flexibility customize different modules their blockchain infrastructure including the consensus algorithm, hashing algorithm, virtual machine (vm), and scripting languages. aion compliant blockchains aion-compliant blockchains refer the participating blockchains that comply with the aion protocol and which bridges can established easily forward interchain transactions through aion-. aion-compliant, blockchain must meet certain requirements including: decentralized some fashion and support procedures commonly found blockchains such atomic broadcast and transactions. the exact implementation left the discretion the bridging protocol and the network itself. able recognize interchain transactions distinct from regular transactions. aware the consensus protocol used the bridge and store transaction deemed valid. implement locktime similar feature that allows tokens held the network for period time. blockchain vendors will able adapt their offerings aion-compliant. the nuco blockchain infrastructure will among the first aion-compliant networks. more specific details the requirements will published the project progresses. existing network compatibility unlike aion-compliant blockchains, existing blockchains are not designed interoperable. enable interchain transaction routing between the aion network and existing blockchains, additional assumptions and/or compromises are required. this section, discuss the possibility connecting the ethereum blockchain the aion network. ... aion ethereum part the bridge protocol, lightweight bft-based consensus algorithm used the bridge validators. aion connecting networks, these bft votes are natively aggregated and processed the blockchain validators. the ethereum blockchain does not have this built-in functionality, needs interchain transaction contract. this model, the interchain transaction contract will synchronize the public keys bridge validators periodically, depending the aion network specification. when interchain transaction requested, the bridge validators sign for with their private key and send the signature the interchain transaction contract. the interchain transaction contract will collect all the votes (signatures) and provide provable record the event that contains the interchain transaction data and voting information. least two thirds votes have been received, the bridge validators will use the record evidence when confirming the interchain transaction. because the computation cost multi-signature verification high the ethereum blockchain gas for single ecdsa), higher bridge fee expected. reduce this cost, blockchain with full bft functionality may used the bridge and only the outcome voting will stored the ethereum blockchain. (c) nuco, inc. new alchemy aion the third-generation blockchain network aion- blockchain ... ethereum aion sending interchain transactions from the ethereum blockchain the aion network easier because ethereum's programmable transaction size. transactions intended for other blockchains will need incorporate routing information the data field. there are two possible scenarios that can occur from ethereum interchain transaction (interchain transaction from the ethereum blockchain the aion network), depending the receiving address. the transaction sent externally-owned account, the data field can used without modification. the transaction sent contract account, workaround will needed the data also interpreted the ethereum vm. one approach for this would appending the interchain transaction magic tag and routing information original call data, long the contract logic does not rely the calldatasize code. ensure transaction finality, the bridge may require additional block confirmations; typically major exchanges use (half hour) for transaction confidence. aion- blockchain the aion- blockchain the genesis implementation the connecting network. designed fair, distributed, open blockchain architecture that capable fulfilling the requirements specified the multi-tier blockchain network architecture. open blockchain, aion- was designed with the following goals: connecting blockchains and external services (e.g., oracles and databases) together through the contiguous network and providing accountable communication maintained through decentralized network. providing the necessary infrastructure develop high-performance, decentralized, inter-blockchain applications. creating maintainable network through robust and sustainable economic model. users will able deploy adjacent participating networks suitable for their own use cases and communicate with other networks through accountable routing architecture. users ranging from large enterprises hosting consortium networks community-oriented open networks are all welcome participate. the future, decentralized applications could sit top the connecting network with logic driven integrating data from multitude blockchain networks. addition, the aion- blockchain equipped with full-functioning economic system intended drive the continued maintenance and integrity the network. high-level overview this proposal, aion- refers the genesis, first, implementation connecting network. the aion- implementation also serves fully-functioning blockchain architecture, comparable state-of-the-art implementations found today's market. envision aion- standardized template that provides building blocks for future network implementations. key components the aion- blockchain include: consensus will used implement the proposed architecture connecting two more blockchains. two variations the bft protocol will designed reach consensus the bridge and the connecting network: bridge consensus lightweight variation reach consensus quickly the bridge. connecting network consensus consensus protocol focused providing stability scale. aion virtual machine (avm) custom-built, lightweight, performant, and stable that leverages key characteristics the java virtual machine (jvm), providing concurrency and robustness within blockchain-specific context. the avm responsible for running applications top aion-. the avm will include its own scripting language (further described below) consensus first explore the consensus algorithm featured aion- solve the requirements introduced the connecting network concept. the consensus algorithm selected needs maintain consensus the blockchain for both on-chain transactions, and interchain transactions. fulfill these requirements efficient and immutable manner, aion- uses consensus algorithm based byzantine fault tolerant (c) nuco, inc. new alchemy aion the third-generation blockchain network aion- blockchain aion- consensus inter-chain transaction virtual machine on-chain transaction user consensus blockchain bridges figure birds eye view the aion- architecture, depicted are the critical components the networks: the connecting network structure, consisting the consensus protocol and applications built top virtual machine. (bft) algorithm combined with hybrid protocol that aims for fair representation both parties backing--partly through token system and partly through novel verification algorithm based concepts used modern neural networks called proof-of-intelligence. meet operational scale and enable wide participation the network validation process, aion- will employ representative validation model similar the delegated model explored the bitshares team and lisk []. this validation model will allow aion network participants back validators who actively participate the consensus process, enabling drastic increase participation beyond what conventional bft algorithms would technically allow for. the specifics the bft-based protocol have not been finalized, but guarantee the standard properties liveness and safety. these assumptions are complemented the representative selection approach that the network should incentivized select optimal and correct validators. some implementations that are investigating are honeybadger [], tangaroa [], and stellar [], with special interest the proposal behaviour within honeybadger and the election protocols within stellar and tangaroa protocols. the conceptual design behind representative network validation scheme similar that representative democracy which candidates register themselves and are elected based the votes they receive from their constituents. however, this system, validators must supported backers and each backer receives share the reward. the rationale behind such design belief the self-governance the network where collective action the network directly impacts the security the network through proper voting. summarize, the consensus protocol being proposed that every node the network can submit themselves candidate and pledge backing towards candidate. the start every term, the highest-backed set candidates are selected the validators for this term. these validators contribute the block generation process through bft-based protocol and are granted distribution the block rewards for doing so. this continued until the term ends and the next term begins, which restarts the process. definitions provide context for the various aspects representative consensus, refer the following set definitions that are used consistently throughout the rest the paper: nomination the process which node can register become validator participate representative consensus aion-. nomination must completed before any other users the network are able pledge backing towards them. ranking used determine the nominated validators with the highest backing. this ranked list becomes the active set, which means that the valiator node can contribute vote towards the consensus process. active set the tiered list active validators. the number validators the active set. (c) nuco, inc. new alchemy aion the third-generation blockchain network aion- blockchain termn- stakers solvers candidate set {a, kbacking>cbacking termn set {a, consensus stakes token request start using poi puzzle algorithm for solved token token token bft bft bft bft bft bft bft solution solution solution tn- tn-ends live set live set static set static set has enough backing become validator figure active/static set staking lifecycle, depicts the process candidate validator joining consensus backup sets compose the candidate validators that are active, but are not the active set. the backup set are the next highest backed validators. the event malicious behaviour inactivity, the network looks towards this set for replacement validators. backers refer nodes that support validators. there will more backers than validators the network and their participation directly impacts the ranking validators the active set. additionally, backers are proportionally rewarded based the rewards their validators. backers consists two distinct groups: stakers and solvers. stakers are users who pledge tokens towards validators their backing and are subset backers. stakes are locked amounts tokens held the network until predefined time when they are released back the staker. solvers are users who employ proof intelligence solve cryptographic puzzle given the network. the proof intelligence then converted backing. solvers are subset backers. terms are defined duration time that static set used the network for purposes bft-based consensus. each term, static set validators validates new blocks. the end every term, the active set frozen generate new static set based changes stake. validator nomination process any node can self-nominate and register become validator, but they require sufficient backing actively validate aion-. the network maintains and refreshes between terms network-wide repository candidate validators, the nomination contract. validators become active through continuous backing process the network. the members the active set are always the highestbacked candidates. facilitate this continuous backing process, there are two copies the nomination contract any point time. the live set updated network users back withdraw their backing from the candidates and the static set exists only for the duration the term. the consensus protocol derives its active set from the static set. the end every term, the static set overwritten with the live set for the duration the next term. the validators will able set how their backers are compensated. so, the validator proposes the terms its backing and, those terms are agreeable, backers will commit resources that validator. this creates balance influence the ranking (and subsequent (c) nuco, inc. new alchemy aion the third-generation blockchain network aion- blockchain consensus backers stakers solvers validator candidate stakers solvers figure structural representation representative voting the diagram depicts the active set, with each validator backed number users either through staking solving. also depicted candidate validator validator that does not have enough backing join the active set. reward) for active validator based the amount backing has compared other validators. there also reputation mechanism for validator nodes. candidate validators can offer their reputation way attract initial backing. the exact features reputation are being considered, but they will quantitative, measurable, and well-defined. the intention encourage all participants consider becoming candidate validators, addition using the aion- network for its inherent utility. validator-backer rewards distribution all users are required present certain amount stake towards the network considered candidate validator. however, the rewards validator are not necessarily proportional their stake. instead, the ratio rewards going validator and backers are proposed the validator the time proposal the nomination contract. the idea for backers and candidate validators arrive some market value that both parties agree on. tiered active set within the active set, the validators will organized tiered structure. the tiered structure ranked based backing, descending order, from the highest-backed validator the lowest. each tier further incentivizes virtuous behaviour providing higher reward compensation. the idea encourage decentralization introducing cost-benefit equilibrium point for centralized backing, thereby incentivizing backers diversify. the belief this design will incentivize optimization and virtuous actions through interaction between participants. validators will compete receive higher backing, and backers will benefit from backing validators, but only until they are better compensated through diversifying their backing, including backing inactive validators. one potential reward distribution scheme follows. (c) nuco, inc. new alchemy aion the third-generation blockchain network aion- blockchain consensus table table depicting the reward amount (%) and voting power (%), per individual validator within that tier. assuming |nset tier validators rewards/validator voting power/validator referring the reward scheme depicted the table rewards are divided equally among the tiers (%), then distributed all validators those tiers. validators higher tiers have higher proportional rewards because restricted tier sizes. predefined reward introduces economic model for backers evaluate the opportunity cost backing validators, thereby incentivizing backers distribute their stakes amongst multiple validators (decentralization), even nominate themselves validators. the exact incentive model and structure will undergo rigorous simulation testing. backing backing refers either staking tokens proof-of-intelligence towards particular validator. the network designed hybrid network that emphasizes duality parties properly distribute power and monetary value evenly across the network. the belief that purely staking-based network (proof stake) creates centralization monetary value within select group individuals. therefore, opportunity for another class users, class who not possess the monetary value participate staking contribute the network, are emphasized. the backing algorithm broken into two distinct categories: backing staking backing solving these two factors combine generate backing, conceptual intermediate value used determine the rank validator, well the proportion rewards given backer. the following sections, each algorithm discussed and the correlation between these three variables investigated. ... staking backing through tokens done through staking the tokens towards particular validator. during the term user able stake towards certain validator within tn+ the implication this that the tokens are escrowed the network until the end tn+ which point the tokens are returned the user (provided malicious actions have occurred). before that, user can send another message indicating that they would like the tokens remain staked towards the same validator renewing the stake refers the backer keeping the stakes with the validator. the concept coinage could useful mechanism here where the stakes have half life. this would encourage liquidity and maintain competition between validators. return for staking, the backer receives portion the validators reward. the reward proportional the amount staked, well the current tier the staked validator. ... solving another form backing done through solving cryptographic puzzle, the exact details which are explained the proof intelligence section. unique puzzle generated per request and the puzzle must solved through the proof-of-intelligence algorithm generate proof intelligence. the proof then submitted the network proof amount backing for particular validator. solvers are also rewarded proportionally the amount backed. (c) nuco, inc. new alchemy aion the third-generation blockchain network aion- blockchain ... consensus function stakes and solutions incentivize hybrid network, certain distribution stakes and proof-of-intelligence needed. this ratio currently arbitrarily designed for stakes and proof-of-computes. the total amount stake and solutions accumulated per term and the backing ratio for the network adjusted until consistent with the expected ratio. therefore, having greater proportion than the expected ratio results lower backing per stakes/proof intelligence, and having lesser proportion than expected results greater amount backing. incentives the proposed system designed discourage bad actors actions. however, some events may occur. such events, the validator will demoted tiers removed from the active set, preventing participation consensus and any rewards for themselves and their backers. discourage malicious backers, repercussions are dealt with their method backing. the consequences imposed the network are designed eliminate opportunities for reward, rather than punishment removal redistribution stakes among other validators. summary, this mechanism removes the zero-sum gain where one's loss another's gain. instead, aligns motivations, and encourages positive collective actions. the belief that, with this system place, the individual understands the consequences their actions and incentivized act virtuous manner and align with other virtuous actors. bad actors will identified the network, and through the validator's decrease reputation and backing, they receive feedback immediately and make corrective actions are removed from the active set. table effect the proposed punishment system, the top representative duplicitous and removed from consensus. all other representatives shift up, and candidate becomes representative active set members previous tier new tier ember ember ember ember removed candidate end active set ember duplicitous actions are punished locking all stakes submitted the validator for period time and immediately removing the validator from consensus. the backers the validator are punished depending the method which they supported the validator. stakers are punished locking their stakes for extended duration. solvers are punished the removal the validator from consensus, thereby rendering their proof-of-intelligence solutions invalidated. inactivity validator over period time punished demoting validators the tier system. the inactive validator the lowest tier level, they are immediately dropped from consensus. replacement validators (the next highest ranked) are available and would immediately shifted into the consensus process until the end the term. reputation representative consensus leaves the responsibility selecting the optimal validator nodes the network. this process difficult achieve unless there mechanism for the network observe past behaviour candidates and active validators. one option would rely external statistics select the optimal candidate. however, there would incentive manipulate this data. therefore, reputation system needs built within the network where past actions and statistics node are part the network protocol, providing trust-less data allow users select their appropriate candidates. some features that could included node reputation include: (c) nuco, inc. new alchemy aion the third-generation blockchain network aion- blockchain consensus uptime the amount time node has been active the network and important when determining the age (and therefore reliability) node. total backing the total aggregate amount backing received until that point time and summed per end term (as stakes are locked for that duration time) and can indicate past performance for the node. centrality used within the same context would within social network, would indicate which nodes are the most well connected within the network, and could good indicator reliability and performance. transaction origin refers the first instance transaction appearing the network (that was accepted into the blockchain) and can easily calculated with requirement that nodes sign transactions they emit. network trust global network value for particular peer that indicates the satisfactory behaviour the peer from the perspective the network. this was originally designed for file-sharing systems [], and has algorithm that can adapted consider parameters relevant our use case. these statistics are freely available the user and effort will made for these statistics easily accessible through the internet. this creates knowledgeable user base that necessary form the basis democratic network. lastly, the reputation system mechanism that illustrates node's investment into the network. this investment subject consequences node's virtuous malicious actions and effective assessing backing risk. proof intelligence proof intelligence economic measure deter denial service attacks requiring participants, solvers aion-, perform artificial intelligence (ai) computation. the intent motivate the creation ai-specific specialized hardware that could used for machine learning and neural network training the future. set block hashes [a........an] input distance output ........e figure overview the proof-of-intelligence ... mechanism the proof intelligence works requiring participants train predefined neural network that will output similar results the proposed ground truth (e.g., the hash current block given the hashes previous blocks input). the parameters the trained neural network will serve proof that computation took place and easy verify inputting the parameter and confirming the results. ... validation the validation proof fast compared the training process and done the following steps: load the neural network defined the provided parameter vector. feed the neural network with the hashes previous blocks. run and collect the outputs. the validation process being researched and developed. (c) nuco, inc. new alchemy aion the third-generation blockchain network aion- blockchain ... aion virtual machine (avm) pooling the pooling proof intelligence achieved separating the parameter space into subspaces. similar the pooling concept proof work where each miner works range the nonce space, proof-of-intelligence solvers work independently parameter subspace. they share the proof and block reward. aion virtual machine (avm) the avm architecture designed blockchain-specific solution with emphasis performance, determinism, and robustness. the avm customized lightweight jvm implementation tailored towards executing chain logic (application logic) within distributed networks and hardened against scenarios that arise such environment. the avm provides the infrastructure for one the primary functionalities the connecting network, allowing the abstraction between the blockchain and application-specific logic and paving the way powerful interchain applications. the rationales this design choice and other considerations are expanded the upcoming sections. implementation the core the avm architecture lightweight, machine-friendly, blockchain-specific bytecode interpreter, after careful consideration practical and technical objectives. implementation requires: performance that close native using set machine-friendly instructions. stability the avm, achieved using isolated sandbox environment and carefully measuring the computation and resource usage. new features will through formalized feature request and specification procedure, meaning that new features are well-documented and tested before moving the production environment. determinism for the avm, guaranteed through full-featured blockchain development kit replacement any conventional sdk. the proposed blockchain runtime environment would built from the ground with determinism the major goal. this introduced conjunction with the aion vm, which only supports functionality built top the aion blockchain runtime environment within the native and bytecode context. compatibility will aim backwards, meaning that chain logic will always valid and executable the infrastructure evolves. tooling from existing bytecode analysis can also adapted avm bytecode. leveraging this interoperability allows tooling that would suitable for mission-critical code such chain logic. the avm leverages significant existing research and development efforts. additionally, using machine-friendly bytecode makes chainlogic execution very efficient. customized means that the lightweight configured for purposes consumption metering (explained the subsequent section) and isolation from the host machine (network, file i/o, unfiltered system data). the isolated environment would ensure that meaningful information about the host machine and unfiltered (non-oracle) communication takes place within chain logic. this critical ensuring the safety the host machine and the determinism chain logic. users wishing implement the program must submit transaction with the necessary data (defined some binary interface). upon receiving message, the chain actor calls start() initiate boot-up sequence and accepts the data through accept(data). the logic then processes the data, modifies its state, returns response the network, and calls stop() initiate the shutdown sequence. limited consumption one the key issues running top publicly-accessible environment the potential for misbehaviour through malicious logic execution. the presence turing-complete language, expendable budget must set that the executing logic cannot run indefinitely behave fashion that may damage the host machine disrupt the consensus mechanism through faulty timing behaviours. specifically, define the budget mechanism the limited consumption, which mechanism where allotted value specified usage, space, and bandwidth consumption the executing logic. (c) nuco, inc. new alchemy aion the third-generation blockchain network aion- blockchain scripting language effectively, the logic execution would take place isolated sandboxed environment. within our context, usage refers the cpu usage allotted for this particular chain logic. space refers the memory allocation initiated the executing logic. this prevents the execution code that uses large quantity memory. bandwidth refers the input and output consumption the vm. with these mechanisms place, users executing logic would effectively rent the vm. the protocols specify that using this mechanism requires the user specify exactly the amount resources given the vm. from here, one two things may occur (both which produce response): successful logic execution and subsequent response exception logic execution, either through exceeding the proposed resource bounds through the logic itself the event exception logic execution, the avm will inform the network the event through error response. chain-oriented concurrency model blockchain networks are classically considered very serial usage; state changes and transactions occur serial provide the determinism necessary for consensus. however, this creates bottleneck the amount transactions that can processed any time period. the solution this lies the idea transaction parallelism. particular, transactions must implemented such that context given the information about the state that they require. this definition formalized, transaction scheduler can implemented that allows for deterministic parallel transaction execution. from the perspective the avm, support for program-level concurrency, the parallel processing multiple chain-logic programs, required. towards this goal, the avm envisioned scalable, automatically clustering multiple vms and scheduling contracts processed each deterministic manner. scripting language the aion scripting language used for writing chain logic that runs aion- and potentially any connecting/participating network. the aion language compiled into avm bytecode and executed the avm. the aion language provides the following features: defensive programming blockchain runtime environment blockchain context injection security specifications the aion language complies with subset the java language specifications and targeted for blockchain logic. accomplish this, existing bytecode will reviewed and possibly refactored fit within the given context. additionally, the aion language specifications include blockchain runtime/development kit (bre/bdk). the intent provide the developer with highly-optimized development libraries that implement blockchain-specific functionalities. these include but are not limited sending transactions, emitting events, retrieving blockchain related data, and communication between chain-logic applications. this runtime environment used replace conventional development kits found general compute purpose environments. general, users this language should expect the same syntactic structure, but completely unique development kit. defensive programming defensive programming will supported the aion language. according past research [], mistakes made chain-logic developers result from unexpected input data, runtime exceptions, and unexpected state change after reentrance. the aion language will provide mechanisms decrease the possibility these common errors. the mechanisms include: aion verifies the input data before passing chain logic and validates the output data after the execution. (c) nuco, inc. new alchemy aion the third-generation blockchain network roadmap the scripting language introduces precondition, postcondition, and assertion help programmers clearly organize their thoughts into defensive pattern. try/catch exceptions are fully supported chain logic, emphasizing the handling application state post exception rather than state rollbacks bounds array access are checked runtime. the addition tooling provides the means guiding the developer towards these mindsets, perhaps adding warnings and best practices areas where unprotected code found. other features will also considered the future. blockchain runtime environment the blockchain runtime environment facilitates chain-logic execution providing deterministic library. this library carefully tailored meet the determinism requirements chain logic. time access will limited, using block time instead current system time. object allocation will implemented deterministic way that memory address-based functions will continue work (e.g., the default hashcode() function). addition, common utilities and algorithms will carefully examined and included the blockchain runtime environment. blockchain context injection dependency injection technique whereby one object supplies the dependencies another object. allows client, such chain logic blockchain context, the flexibility configurable and hides the details how the dependencies are provided. within the aion scripting language, blockchain context and runtime information are considered dependencies. any chain logic that requires this information can declare the requirements through the use annotations. aion develops, more resources will added the injectable objects. security the security the aion language derived from the defensive nature the language and the avm where time, space, and resource usage are strictly gauged and constrained. additionally, security should emphasized through the tooling provided for the scripting language. for example, the logical correctness aion chain code can provided existing bytecode analysis, verification, and model checking tools. other examples include java pathfinder [], findbugs [], and pmd []. roadmap the objectives laid out this white paper are both ambitious and experimental. approach this issue pragmatic manner, aion- will rolled out iterative manner, starting from existing technologies and gradually moving towards the intended objectives. aion- will executed three separate phases, with each phase focusing different aspects the technology and assembling the building blocks while progressing towards the finalization the network (phase the exact deadlines for each phase and plans are subject change options for each phase are investigated more thoroughly. phase the focus the first phase the aion release schedule the interchain communication and bridging infrastructure. with this mind, phase functionality will include: modified, high-performance evm functioning bridging and interchain communication modified proof-of-work consensus algorithm (c) nuco, inc. new alchemy aion the third-generation blockchain network contact phase the second phase the aion release plan targeted towards the migration from our modified evm architecture towards the proposed avm architecture. development priorities this phase include: aion virtual machine the aion scripting language evm legacy codebase continued support phase the third phase finalizes the envisioned network infrastructure, providing infrastructure for fast, efficient interchain communication and interchain applications. addition the interchain functionalities from phase and the implementation from phase this phase will introduce our representative consensus including the representative consensus algorithm. conclusion the proposed solutions articulated this paper are the result several years implementation and experimentation the blockchain industry. the team behind aion has been particularly close several large-scale enterprise projects, where the challenges outlined previously are significantly pronounced. the aion network designed overcome these challenges, and propose solution that will enable blockchain applications achieve their full intended potential. our research and development aion date, were fortunate come across incredible findings and experiments from leading thinkers and researchers working complementary concepts. we've done our best capture this and give credit the references below. continue our journey make aion reality, and connect ever-growing fragmented ecosystem blockchains, look forward engaging with you, and getting you involved. contact this introductory technical paper presents the concepts the aion third-generation blockchain network. the team behind this paper dedicated realizing the dream interconnectivity between blockchain networks, which will play crucial role future enterprise, government, and public digital infrastructures. over the coming months, will conducting in-depth research each the components introduced this paper, well crafting the first live iteration this project. join the aion network mailing list get alerts about more-detailed white papers related specific aspects aion- they become available. you can also keep date with our progress through: twitter github linkedin this publication subject intellectual property rights exclusively owned nuco, including copyright protection. part this publication may reproduced, distributed, transmitted any form any means, including photocopying, recording, other electronic mechanical methods, without the prior written permission the publisher. nuco reserves all its intellectual property rights. for permission requests, please write hello@aion.network. (c) nuco, inc. new alchemy aion the third-generation blockchain network contact references nakamoto, "bitcoin: peer-to-peer electronic cash system," [online]. available: https://bitcoin.org/bitcoin.pdf. buterin, "ethereum whitepaper," [online]. available: https://github.com/ethereum/wiki/wiki/white-paper. gray, "introducing project 'bletchley'," [online]. available: https://github.com/azure/azure-blockchain-projects/blob/master/ bletchley/bletchley-whitepaper.md. bitshares, "delegated proof stake," [online]. available: http://docs.bitshares.org/bitshares/dpos.html. beddows and kordek, "lisk whitepaper," development/liskwhitepaper.md. [online]. available: https://github.com/slasheks/lisk-whitepaper/blob/ miller, xia, croman, shi, and song, "the honey badger bft protocols," copeland and zhong, "tangaroa: byzantine fault tolerant raft," mazieres, "the stellar consensus protocol: federated model for internet-level consensus," kamvar, schlosser, and garcia-molina, "the eigentrust algorithm for reputation management networks," luu, d.-h. chu, olickel, saxena, and hobor, "making smart contracts smarter," atzei, batoletti, and tiziana, survey attacks ethereum smart contracts," nasa, "what jpf?" [online]. available: https://babelfish.arc.nasa.gov/trac/jpf/wiki/intro/what_is_jpf. maryland, "findbugs(tm) find bugs java programs," [online]. available: http://findbugs.sourceforge.net/. pmd, "welcome pmd," [online]. available: https://pmd.github.io/pmd-../. (c) nuco, inc. new alchemy aion the third-generation blockchain network