copyright ab. all right reserved. airbloc.org mogca executive summary introduction current challenges user data airbloc, new ecosystem the digital advertising market digital advertising market status quo ineffective targeted ads infringement personal data rights issues with centralized data collection airbloc, revolutionary mover the digital advertising market targeted ads that are effective ads user-controlled useful information expanded targets with auto-collected indirect data airbloc network's technology and its ecosystem architecture airbloc network application layer service layer core layer participants airbloc network data provider node data consumer node credit evaluator node storage node application layer's main apps airbloc main marketplace airbloc main client service airbloc main data network unique identifier-based data escrow credit rating system attribution rate credit evaluator node airbloc credit evaluator airbloc token sales airbloc network bill rights bill rights personal data industry-leading expert mentor group bill rights personal exposure airbloc.org ab, team built with solid technology legal disclaimer meet the team airbloc network glossary terms early stage growth scenario airbloc main marketplace the roadmap copyright ab. all right reserved. trusted network executive summary current challenges user data user advertiser the modern digital advertising market, 'data' equals strategic choice weapon. personalized advertising which targets customers who are likely buy the products based data are often used for data monetization from giants such google, facebook, and other major search engines. these companies use 'personal interests data' expose ads, and generate sales. nonetheless, the 'person' who sources 'personal interests data', not single penny from targeted sales returned. not only that, individual users not know the manner which their data collected, priced, and sold the data consumers. moreover, individuals not have the freedom choose types ads they want see and the vice versa. some advertisers, the other hand, abruptly changes the terms use without explicit permission from the user, collect user data through crawling. moreover, advertisers inevitably share their collected data from their services with other advertising platforms and/or agencies third party, travelling far beyond the specified scope the terms use, which time the individual's rights may seriously infringed. advertisers are dissatisfied, too. user interests data enabled improved roi compared the past, but the target audience remains statistically 'guessed', based indirectly collected data. execute highly effective targeted ads with custom audiences and/or lookalike audiences, advertisers need direct user interests data beyond simple piece information such gender, age, and place residence. advertising cost has risen due soaring demand within centralized copyright ab. all right reserved. boost advertisement effectiveness. this process, user data can passed unknown advertising platforms such google and facebook, how optimize marketing and maximize roi airbloc.org have become much demanded theme even for the advertisers. airbloc, new ecosystem the digital advertising maket airbloc network user client marketplace advertiser airbloc blockchain-based, decentralized and transparent data trading network and dapp. here's how works. when user submits data directly airbloc main client service, the advertiser pays fee the user group who are likely purchase their product and buy interests data from airbloc main marketplace. also, the individual users who are exposed campaigns, rewards will given. how simple it? users original provider 'interests data' can regain their data rights, and advertisers can now make improved targeted ads with accuracy based both direct and indirect data types. this interests data not legally violated you have already paid for its value and transferred data ownership. therefore, advertisers have the legal freedom use this data. the increased flexibility data utilization allows advertisers all sorts testing maximize effectiveness for targeted ads. collect data with reliability, airbloc continuously validates the credibility each user, the data computation and bigger reward will given users with high credit ratings. directly collected personal interests data that are below certain credit limit cannot sold main marketplace. airbloc, ads can become useful piece information, not noise. this because users can configure types ads viewed and not viewed airbloc's main client service. based users' preference configured, airbloc ecosystem will allow transparent trading both data and exposures. airbloc will issue 'abl tokens' means buy and sell data and exposures. this token can payment the data consumers. the initial token based the erc standard which initially runs ethernet main network, and these purchased tokens can later exchanged for tokens airbloc's own network. airbloc.org used compensation reward individual users, the data suppliers, and can also means copyright ab. all right reserved. providers. personal information, survey responses, and behavioral data are used for credit score introduction digital advertising market status quo ineffective targeted ads personal data used advertising today primarily behavioral and indirect data reflect user main interests and intentions. this statistical 'guess' inevitably leads undermined advertising effectiveness. the fact that search ads have always shown higher click-through rate (ctr) than display ads supports this. [the performance marketer's benchmark report marin software] search ads are usually more effective than display ads because search queries explicitly reflect user interests and intentions. keywords such "car insurance", "loan", "new york attorney" are often traded for more than usd per click (cpc). advertisers are willing buy these keywords for such high price and this means that search ads are quite effective. 'guessed' interests data, but they cannot true unless directly asked. for example, you cannot sure that user cat owner given the fact she looks and posts many cat-related photos social media. the popular statistical guessing methods such lookalike are also not accurate enough. this because estimation over similar users given target across each siloed platforms (e.g. installed app list, personal interest posts, and uploaded posts). users installing the same kind app does not always mean similarity interests personal status. advertised. however, the current digital advertising market with insufficient user interest data, difficult make a/b testing. this because the criteria for user interests data differs across all users, and lookalike targets cannot compared with one another since their estimated resemblance derived varying criteria. also, accessible third-party user interest data relatively smaller its volume. airbloc.org targeting also requires a/b testing determine fit for the advertiser and/or product copyright ab. all right reserved. unlike search ads, there personal interests data found from display ads. there maybe some infringement personal data rights many people today are unaware where their data offered through services they use ends travelling to: what kind, how so, and how much. let take assumption that user installs free app that helps mobile battery optimization. from the surface, may seem this app just serves optimize your mobile battery use and increase mobile usage time. just offering you convenient feature for 'free'. however, the truth that this app exploiting sensitive mobile data from users selling them personalized advertising agencies, generating revenue advertising them directly. how this possible? the apps installed mobile can tell you what other apps are installed your device and for how long each apps were used. the list installed apps itself, could also reveal some your important interests data. when analyzed with machine learning, one can probabilistically guess various facts about you such the next likely app installed, married unmarried, even you raise cat puppy. but the vast majority users are unaware this. the truth is, users are unaware this. course, securing data ownership and data usage rights unheard of. without oneself knowing, are illegally handing over data ownership and rights use the services that use without explicit agreement. consequently, even when these data are used for sale, monetized through exposures, users are not compensated. just like the saying "if you're not paying for it, you become the product" goes, users are already paying for data and exposures. users are unilaterally exposed ads, too. many platforms not provide configuration religion. when user accidentally exposed such ads, she forced manually accept and then block these offensive ads. there way for users protest against these exposures, because there way submit feedback reality. issues with centralized data collection the current method centralized data collection has brought many problems the market. due siloed data collection and storage, users are left clueless knowing when and how their data copyright ab. all right reserved. function prioritize ads (information) based user's wants and needs, such personal tastes extracted, tampered, sold, mentioned previously. this centralized method also vulnerable the world, for example, great number social security number spills and personal information leakage from big companies frequently occurs. all centralized platform services carries this serious vulnerability. airbloc.org security, and there high risk personal data being leaked unprotected access. all across airbloc, revolutionary mover the digital advertising market airbloc, users can offer 'direct' interests data data provider and rewarded. advertisers can buy that interests data data consumers, trade with other data consumers, ask users directly gain certain type data, buy already collected data that are valuable them. airbloc basically blockchain-based data trading network. data consumers can start "data campaigns" ask users about the type data they want, that they can buy advertising placements from data providers with wanted responses. the questions usually follow recommended standard schema designed for information collection. advertisers first register their questions the main marketplace data consumers. data provider, user can then provide corresponding data the questions via airbloc main client service and get rewarded with abl tokens. the data directly provided from users can traded other data consumers airbloc main marketplace. nonetheless, users can set limit the maximum number for data reach and usage, prevent their data from being used unduly used unwanted subjects. not only data, but also exposures can traded among individual users and business entities with enhanced transparency. users can set formats specific categories products, businesses, and industries they wish, that they can receive wanted ads and get rewards return. since all transaction history are stored airbloc network with transparency, and these individual users and advertisers can trade data under safety and equity. airbloc network ecosystem, 'advertising' functions useful piece information rather than annoying pop-ups while navigating web. airbloc network precisely aims advance the area advertising the domain 'information'. targeted ads that are effective copyright ab. all right reserved. transactions are managed decentralized airbloc network rather than centralized entity, advertisers airbloc network can search for and purchase target custom segments based participate promotions. addition the auto-collected indirect behavioral data, possible for the advertisers execute ads with accurate interests data that are directly provided users. for example, you know who the soon-to-be-married couple is, you can sell bed mattress, and perhaps have your targets buy honeymoon flight book room. furthermore, you know airbloc.org interest keywords and ontologies airbloc main marketplace, who can either buy products who the pet owner actually is, you can advertise them pet supplies. fan particular band, you can sell that band's concert tickets souvenirs. based this data, you can run more effective ads testing multiple targeted groups with marketer's insights airbloc main marketplace. for instance, you are selling new year's diary, various target testings could made. the target segments can include self-development lovers, those who adore fancy stationery (e.g. cute diaries), college passers newbies company, people with their birthdays approaching. the result turns out that self-development lovers display good purchasing efficiency, the demand for the interests data can reflected terms price marketplace, which can lead huge a/b testing forum verify effectiveness. therefore, advertisers can effectively run target ads end-to-end, from data purchase targeted execution airbloc network. ads user-controlled useful information users can regain control over their own data. users will able determine what data collected and how data shall sold via airbloc main client service configuration. particularly for the sales data, users can set different permission levels per each data attribute; whether you want export data third-party platforms without having compromise raw data simply transferring data ownership entirely. providing direct reward users for sales data, users can become independent data producer and provider economic entity. addition, users can also control the permissions exposures pre-setting ads they would like view not view. expanded targets with auto-collected indirect data quality, but data quantity may insufficient compared the indirect data that are collected automatically. the other hand, the amount indirect data (e.g. user visits, purchases, app installs, etc.) which companies collected automatically via sdk iot devices through users' agreement the terms use, are vast and wide. these indirect data can used expand targets through lookalike audience algorithm. for instance, suppose you have data individuals who raise dogs. the number somewhat insufficient deliver targeted ads large scale. this case, both indirect data collected and direct data can used give statistical estimate similar targets, allowing the ads exposed users who are "likely copyright ab. all right reserved. the interests data directly provided users via airbloc main client service can effective raise puppies." indirect data collected automatically, which can result greater synergy. and this can also mean that individual users will rewarded more during the process. airbloc.org such, airbloc network can combine the interests data collected from users directly with the airbloc network's technology and its ecosystem architecture airbloc network client service marketplace data network airbloc network airbloc evm platform engine ipfs airbloc network composed three layers: application, service, and core. application layer refers apps that use airbloc network. includes airbloc main client service and airbloc main marketplace. service layer refers the dapp running evm named 'airbloc network'. lastly, core layer refers the blockchain platform which the airbloc network will grow and stores data. inside the application layer, many apps that use airbloc network are located. these apps communicate with the service layer configured the blockchain. the application layer composed airbloc main client service which receives data from individual users, and airbloc main marketplace platform for buying and selling data. however, highly encouraged that third-party applications developed via open interfaces. the future, will provide separate sdk service which enables easier use airbloc network existing apps. the service layer refers the dapp running blockchain named "airbloc network". for more details, please see the airbloc network section and technical white paper which will published soon. airbloc.org service layer copyright ab. all right reserved. application layer core layer airbloc network mounted its core layer. this core layer composed platform run airbloc network and data storage for transactions. use ethereum platform. accordingly, airbloc network will placed the evm with smart contract format, and abl tokens will following the erc standard. depending airbloc network's technical requirements future, the platform can transferred other compatible evm platforms. store ipfs-based system, which maintained storage nodes described below. the data protected intel software guard extensions (sgx) technology and processed within secure enclave, blocking any possibilities unauthorized access and information leakage through storage nodes. the blockchain technology continues evolve itself very quickly. therefore, this architecture might not ultimately our final solution. this regard, there possibility that the airbloc foundation build independent airbloc blockchain network replace the ethereum network. the foundation might also choose substitute the storage layer with ethereum swarm integrate both storage and service layers into the ethereum network. copyright ab. all right reserved. airbloc.org participants airbloc network the participant nodes airbloc network can grouped into data provider node, data consumer node, credit evaluator node, and storage node. data provider node the data provider node made individual participants who provides data the airbloc network. they will rewarded with abl tokens for their data provided, and will responsible for data reliability. data consumer node the data consumer node made advertisers who purchase data from the airbloc network. they will use abl tokens pay data providers means compensation and trade data. credit evaluator node the credit evaluator node assesses reliability data providers and data consumers lower credit level and guarantee their credit. return for evaluation, the credit evaluator node will receive abl tokens from the abl token pool. the credit evaluator node responsible for accurate evaluation transaction entities' reliability. the storage node executes core airbloc network software provide and maintain storage airbloc network. participants will receive abl tokens from the abl token pool compensation. the storage node has obligation availability ensure access data access requests. copyright ab. all right reserved. storage node airbloc.org application layer's main apps there are three main services initially launched with airbloc network: airbloc main marketplace (marketplace) airbloc main client service (client service) airbloc main data network (data network) these services are presented the corporation and are the very first type service created and commercialized using airbloc network, aimed its initial establishment and formation airbloc ecosystem. later, other entities can also join expand the ecosystem creating the same kind service using airbloc network. airbloc main marketplace airbloc main marketplace free and transaction avenue for interests data, for both directly collected data and auto-collected indirect data. the same time, helps the advertisers carry out campaigns platform. copyright ab. all right reserved. setting campaign targets airbloc network main marketplace open and free data exchange where anyone can join, participate airbloc network through its main client service surveys, which advertisers can use instantaneously after signing up. the main marketplace, mainly user-level interest data and exposure are traded. the data airbloc.org like steemit, blockchain-based content community which recently created stir. anyone can granular type that users have agreed provide the airbloc main client service. exposure also kind advertising campaign that exposed usersvia airbloc main client service decentralized advertising placement third party networks. advertisers can search for targets purchase data sufficient quantity, and they are unable find wanted type data, they can collect data directly through creating new data collection campaign. once personal data collected via advertiser's campaign, this data can re-sold data consumers for limited number which was pre-set the original data owner. airbloc network offers set useful utilities for advertiser's easy targeting and data purchasing. the utilities are follows: segmentation airbloc network has its own ontology system which categorizes user interests like schema.org search engines). advertisers can see real time the number user segments that meet their filtering options. for instance, you might want filter out who will getting married within the next month, out total user pool. this point, you can buy many data you want, you not have one, you can launch new data collection campaign gather many new tailored segments you like. search allows data consumers search for data with any unstructured keyword. the system can show relevant search results the given keyword and can recommend similar set data even there data directly related the desired keyword. sampling the number users that client requested, the client can purchase sufficient number unbiased user data with statistical sampling. prediction for users with predictable data set, certain probability user purchasing can computed and used filter option. for example, you might able extract most likely users with higher chance purchase travel product, product item (thailand travel package within days). copyright ab. all right reserved. clients not have purchase the entire data. the number users the segment exceeds lookalike audience the group users displaying similar attributes the target interest data. these lookalike audience engines can built from data set with statistical homogeneous characteristics such the list installed apps. airbloc.org there are insufficient number user data seed audience, machine learning can identify target sharing the clients can export the created custom audience from the main marketplace target major platforms such facebook, google adwords, and twitter, without risking raw data being compromised (all user-level data will hashed the client side before sent the external server). once data transactions are successfully settled the airbloc main marketplace, will able offer new and advanced digital marketing campaigns that are experimental and mutually beneficial, addition the traditional types campaigns. the new types marketing campaigns that are currently reviewed airbloc main marketplace are: bargaining you can suggest data transaction exchanging user conversion and reward. for instance, when user deletes app e-commerce company and then installs app the competitor, company then can propose offer with discount coupon that user, the user deletes company app and re-installs app company education education type campaign designed for reasonable user. can help customers voluntarily learn the merits their products through in-depth comparative analysis with those competitors. for example, you are bank, you can compare three financial products and attract users buy your best financial product. market research when curious, you can directly reach out users fill out survey. the survey questions can advertisements the airbloc main marketplace are requested always respect the rights users, and must the form useful information, not spam. for example, user expecting wedding anniversary will receive list general gift ideas such flower bouquet and other related items, and will perceived non-spam. copyright ab. all right reserved. follow the format various questionnaires. airbloc.org airbloc main client service data collection collected data management token management airbloc network main client service provided form app and web application. supplies personal interests data like powerhouse, and manage revenue generated from that data. any user can easily sign for this service, and user data will structurally collected when responding exposed questions (data campaign) friendly chatbot ui. moreover, with wallet feature, you can manage reward revenue for your data usage, and see where your data sold and traded with transparency. the features provided the airbloc main client are follows: data collection friendly chatbot interface will answer your questions data campaign and collect detailed and structured data. data that can automatically collected under user's consent device, and data collected while syncing other data storages like social logins can set automatically sold airbloc main marketplace. exposure you can receive ads within the scope you set, and receive compensation when you are copyright ab. all right reserved. exposed those ads. configuration users can determine the level your data sold for sale, what extent grant the right sell the data, and decide which ads receive and which ads not receive. all sorts configuration for data and interests usage are available. airbloc.org diagnosis airbloc main client service, you are able find out the types data collected automatically other than the structured data gathered through direct questionnaires. this feature will later extend and evolve become self-diagnosing function oversee data collection other installed apps the end user's device. abl wallet you can manage your tokens compensated from data sales control and store them, well transfer another user within the token ecosystem. you can also import and use your personal wallet. the near future, will possible easily exchange tokens other coins (e.g. btc, eth, etc.) integrating with other platforms encash them. airbloc network seriously values the rights users. this regard, give users the control power diagnose, decide, and determine the specifics data collected respectively. for instance, collected data via airbloc main client service will allowed sold under the following permissions: sales one-time data ownership the ownership current data can completely transferred the data consumer raw data. this case, data consumer will have access raw data, making vulnerable for compromise being delivered third party without approval. the reason for one-time data ownership sales because raw data can modified after sales. sales one-time data license export various platforms without transferring the data ownership. this case, the raw data can not compromised, but the target extracted the platform itself may compromised passed unauthorized entity without approval. such, the data owner can set their own level permission, even they sell their own data, thereby have full control over the sale data. moreover, each control level followed different compensation user themselves can determine the data disposition weighing the compensation differences. ensure reliable data, airbloc network through its thorough own credit rating system can detect system for compensation. more details can found from the credit rating system section. airbloc.org and block fraudulent activities like answering questions dry manner attempting trick the copyright ab. all right reserved. this permission right use data target data without exporting the original data and airbloc main data network airbloc main data network the first pbb data network which enables services provide and monetize first party data for their services, rather than using advertising placements. publishers can provide and monetize their customer's data from own service, and users can receive compensations from other services well. hence airbloc main data network can accelerate the cycle data collection and sales acquiring data via both airbloc client service and third-party services. towards protecting users' data control and data transparency, will allow publishers sell data only under the following principles behalf users: sales personal data services may only sell data from users who have agreed the data collection advance via airbloc main data network. this principle based airbloc's belief that untraceable and/or non-transparent data user cannot sold airbloc main marketplace. revenue distribution publishers must distribute revenue from data sales users. users can see the distribution ratio the airbloc main client service and may any time prohibit the data surrogate sales. control over personal data all data collected through airbloc main data network can viewed the airbloc main client service. addition, airbloc main data network, you can prohibit the sale collected data the surrogate sales data that service, limit the data sales rights through third party through airbloc main data network, greater amount data can traded the airbloc main marketplace overcoming the limits first-party data centric client applications that are usually not scalable. furthermore, the companies that have only monetized with advertising will now able monetize with legitimate data surrogate sales. airbloc will continuously commit itself expand and vigorate the ecosystem through airbloc main data network, even after airbloc main client service has successfully settled in. copyright ab. all right reserved. its source. airbloc.org trusted network one problem that arise from data transaction that reliability cannot mutually guaranteed between trading parties. data consumer, the data being traded and target transaction cannot trusted. the same time, data provider cannot trust the buyer she sells data. such, problems with data reliability and reliability with trading partners exist. solve this, airbloc network addresses the problem with the following methods. unique identifier-based data escrow data transactions, there problem that buyers cannot trust the seller's data. this because the seller may provide inaccessible invalid data. particular, since airbloc network mainly deals with the trade data from unspecified and private data providers rather than certain company consortium, reliability can questioned. therefore, have implemented safe data escrow process which can ensure reliability our data consumers. airbloc network progresses trusted escrow transactions through unique identifier-based data escrows. unique identifier-based escrow data structure where all unique identifiers data are deleted before data delivered, that the data consumer can check the contents before transaction. based the premise that data with user-level unique identifier (uuid), which cannot track particular unidentified user, simply valueless. information. the data provider sends the access key for the data the data consumer. the data consumer reviews contents directly and decide whether buy the data. purchase decided, the data provider sends the remaining unique identifier information and the data consumer enters escrow transaction pay for data value. you decide not purchase, the data will discarded from storage. because the data consumer can preview data contents determine purchase and even when data contents are disclosed, the data provider does not provide unique identifier information until the transaction concluded. therefore, even the data consumer knows the data contents, they can not guess track data provider. copyright ab. all right reserved. the data provider uploads the rest the data the storage except for the unique identifier airbloc.org credit rating system the data escrow guarantees the reliability the data, our credit rating system ensures the reliability between the transaction parties. airbloc network implements credit rating system quantitatively determine the credibility among data transaction parties. each network participant (node) will given credit rating that other participants the network can use quantitative indicator assess participants' credibility. basically, the credit sum your credit score and attribution. when credit rating score requested each transaction entity, the credit evaluator node determines the creditworthiness the subject and appropriately rates the score. the attribution awarded airbloc network measurement entity's contribution the network, depending their role and depth activities. first and foremost, airbloc network does not sell nor use interests data that falls short the credit rating (cliff credibility). addition, airbloc lowers profitability users with low credit score decreasing the amount data they can sell, and encourages them actively make efforts improve their credit score. the other hand, users with minimum credit score will receive more compensation their credit score increases. under these conditions, users will motivated increase their credit level voluntarily. attribution rate measurement see how well each participant contributes the network their corresponding roles. unlike the credit rating score, objective indicator given airbloc network which rules out any subjective judgments individual subject. more general measurement applied all airbloc network participants. copyright ab. all right reserved. attribution rate airbloc.org the criteria for attribution determination for each participant follows. with higher satisfaction each criteria, higher attribution rate will given. common criteria -degree holding reward (abl) received from network -degree holding agt (abl genesis token) -degree holding network penalty (more penalty means lower attribution rate) data provider -degree data provision data consumer -degree campaign execution -degree data transaction storage node -degree data availability -degree data capacity -node retention time credit evaluator node detailed data and complex evaluation and validation procedures are required assess each transaction entity's reliability. however, this cannot completed airbloc network alone because subject questions interpretation and credibility standards data. therefore, assessment. the credit evaluator assesses the creditworthiness the transaction entity (data provider, data consumer). for this, the credit evaluator may use on-chain data such transaction history, interests, and information provided the subject, may request for additional submission data analyze the credit score ranging from the higher the level participation from transaction entity who gave high credit scores without penalty, the more abl tokens the credit evaluator rewarded. but for sensible judgement, when penalty where compensation will temporarily lost for fixed period. since low-accuracy rating can result extended penalty for the evaluator, the credit evaluator node must conduct assessment carefully. airbloc.org provider with high credit score receives penalty, that particular credit evaluator node will face copyright ab. all right reserved. airbloc network keeps participant node named credit evaluator, which allows credit anyone can eligible for credit evaluator, there possibility for abused use. the following qualifications are necessary. -holding abls and above -engagement activity (above certain score limit) airbloc credit evaluator airbloc network operates its own credit evaluator node named airbloc credit evaluator. not all transaction entities are requested for credit evaluation from airbloc. nonetheless, airbloc credit evaluator will offer incomparably outstanding value ensure reliability. top priority agenda airbloc network would identifying malicious users and ensuring data reliability. the more truthful you become, the greater reward you get airbloc. airbloc credit evaluator derives credit score based three following factors: request personal information users are asked for their personal information evaluate credit. some indirect information examples would oauth based third-party (e.g. social media, github, etc.) logins, while direct example would the kyc. provider with greater information, higher credit score will given. response accuracy testing users who have not attained certain credit score will asked re-answer some the questions they had previously responded during service use. users who submit correct given lower credit score. behavioral data accuracy testing will analyze user's service use and response patterns filter users with irregular patterns. users with irregular patterns, additional verification will asked and their credit level will decrease along with repeated activities. good example would when user displays consistent pattern similar 'attendance check' like filling out huge amount data very short time and immediately leaving service after submitting response airbloc main client copyright ab. all right reserved. responses repeatedly will given credit points, and for those failing respond correctly will service. these users will statistically assessed and filtered for the overall quality the data even with credit rating system its place, there will still irrational users who not make the effort improve their credit ratings, and malicious users attempting trick the system with misinformation and get rewards. maintain our core value data reliability, airbloc credit airbloc.org set. rating system can still use automatically collected indirect data from these malicious users which cannot fabricated. some examples would the list installed apps, and behavioral usage specific apps. airbloc credit evaluators can close accounts malicious users seeking unwarranted profits via automated software bots such headless browsers and virtual devices. the danger automated software that will not stop with just one user, but can propagate itself others and destroy large-scale ecosystem. thus these users will dealt with tolerance. from the viewpoint service usability airbloc network, statistical techniques such conjoint analysis, consumer behavioral techniques such gamification, and behavioral economics techniques such nudge will continuously studied encourage truthful user activities. copyright ab. all right reserved. airbloc.org airbloc token sales total sum million airbloc tokens will issued and will not newly issued after the genesis creation and distribution. the the total token volume will distributed million units, through private sale, pre-sales and ico. more information about token sales and distribution will posted airbloc network website. the remaining million tokens from sales distribution, are paid bonus for investors participating private sales, pre-sale, and are used incentives and community incentives for ecosystem resources and advisors. the raised funding from token sales will used successfully operate project follows: ecosystem development and maintenance operation: total -open source protocol (dapp) development -service operation and maintenance -development standardized client sdk -development standardized advertising data schema development related airbloc main marketplace and main client service total -investment for early stage growth (compensation the end-users) -airbloc main marketplace and main client service development -service operation -data science r&d -enhancing security airbloc legal research includes not only the legal review airbloc systems, but also the costs researching personal information protection for public purpose. airbloc's legal review will conducted respective countries with focus restoring individual user control over data. copyright ab. all right reserved. -legal research airbloc.org early stage growth scenario airbloc main marketplace airbloc main marketplace will driven data providers. the corporation will participate the market data consumer, not centralized entity but separate non-profit entity which constructs the dapp and airbloc network. during this time, the corporation will use some the initial funding (up from token sales encourage individual users provide data. then, through various steps shown below, airbloc network will show virtuous circle marketplace. obtain interests data the early stage, the corporation pays rewards the data provider (hereinafter "user") and the data consumer (the "advertiser") and collects large amount interests data advance. this time, the corporation predicts the advertisers' demand, and collects the data with high expected demand. the collected data will either stored the centralized database truncated permanently. event and data collected from cron jobs that can indirectly gathered from user automatically collected without compensation. but when sold actual advertiser later, rewards will given that user. when sufficient amount data collected, advertisers start pay for compensation and once data sales begin, some highly demanded data may continue sold, and while purchase data, basically forming market where the demand and supply met. frequency capping and depreciation algorithm, the supply personal data will limited. then 'price' will set, and for 'goods' that are traded the marketplace, some data will priced high price due excess demand while some are priced low due oversupply. the participating player transactions, users and advertisers will naturally learn tell which data value and continue reflect data's value terms price. the greater the amount data user provides, the higher the value, and the better sells. therefore, the user motivated provides more data aggressively increase his her revenue. with more data provided, enhanced virtuous circle for advertisers will reached. such, the corporation will continue its contribution towards early stage settlement the ecosystem one the data consumers without centralized system. once the ecosystem establishes, the demand and supply will coordinate with each other create virtuous cycle structure. airbloc.org copyright ab. all right reserved. some data may not sold well due low demand. accordance with airbloc network's the roadmap airbloc network will achieve its roadmap transparent transactions and personal rights restoration perfectly competitive data and exposure market, within incomparably short period time than any other service. this end, our footsteps and roads ahead are follows: november, establishment search engine company where our research journey big data started was founded the beginning, started its business in-app contents search engine, using the app indexing technology which enabled automatic collection in-app contents which made them searchable major search engines. july, changed orientation towards ad-tech company the beginning massive data collection the request customers, switched its service orientation from search engine analytics analyze mobile campaign performance (aka. attribution analysis). since then, have begun collect massive data with mobile and web sdks and offer useful web and mobile app data for our advertisers. june, people-based analytics and r&d for technology towards people-based analytics, which the future advertising user-focused data via web, mobile app, and offline data through cross-device and cross-platform identity matching technologies. october, new business development dmp and blockchain forecasted that the traditionally centralized dmp would have its limit activate data trading due differing individual privacy laws and companies' poor participation each country. also reached the conclusion that existing dmp, personal data copyright ab. all right reserved. performance analysis and targeting, began integrated collection infringement inevitable. hence was convinced that direct data this development will facilitated with the advent blockchain technology and alternative innovate the market. therefore, started developing 'airbloc network', blockchain-based data marketplace. airbloc.org marketplace (pp and/or pb) would the only viable solution and march, publication white paper and pre-sale dmp token airbloc white paper will published share concepts and roadmaps with the public. during this period, pre-sale will conducted for users for the first time, for those who have signed-up through prerecruitment. june, release airbloc network test net test network airbloc network will released, which operates ethereum. this test network will testing network's reliability the ecosystem which will released with the full version. also tests the basic providing and consuming logic and escrow systems well reliability credit evaluation systems, data breach prevention, and data integrity. july, release airbloc main marketplace and airbloc main client service (alpha version) using dapp airbloc network, the simplest exchange form data transaction well the simplest form data provision and monetization will enabled via release airbloc main marketplace and airbloc main client service alpha version. september, launch airbridge main network beta version sell data through third-party surrogate services well airbloc main client service. october, launch exposure deals airbloc network not only individual user's interests data, but also exposure will also adjusted the personal preference and configuring types ads view and not view. also, through the airbloc main client service advertisement placement decentralized third-party december, release airbloc network official version dapp will released, reflecting the trials and errors from system's initial version. furthermore, the test network will start live operation. airbloc.org advertisement, additional revenues can earned. copyright ab. all right reserved. with the release the simplest data network, individual users can meet the team: airbloc network ab, team built with solid technology team with rich expertise digital advertising. with ab's accumulated standardized data and technology, are confident that airbloc project will accomplished with success. inside ab, there 'technology-centric culture'. our team developers are composed software engineers from software maestro, google, naver, and wemakeprice, who have rich experience both data engineering well blockchain-based projects. ab, even our visual designers can code simple front-ends and make publishing themselves, while all other operation managers can write sql queries and spark logics, allowing efficient operation product development. with this technology-centric culture, have been servicing mobile app advertising analytics tool named airbridge (airbridge.io), tracking over cumulative total million devices and above over the last years, and currently tracking approximately million devices real time per month. have worked closely with many advertisers, agencies, and media representatives and have experienced strong demand for personalized interests data from the advertisers. know heart, what data needed for effective execution. and based our data pipeline cycle constructed for data collection, mining, and analysis, not have learn the basics digital advertising industry from scratch create new standard. this precisely where ab's confidence lies at, that will faster than anyone. our journey starts with sincere question the digital advertising market. why that individual users' data are not appropriately compensated? how can make more ads more effective, with higher rois? answer these questions, have chosen the blockchain technology solution. team will sincerely commit ourselves the project with care for the blockchain technology and its ecosystem. copyright ab. all right reserved. how can companies legally use user interests data without violating privacy laws? airbloc.org meet the team: airbloc network industry-leading expert mentor group mr. louis jinhwa kim (co-founder/board director, the blockchain association) the advertising market continues democratize itself. this applied data market well. airbloc network located the intersection the two. innovative services change the the rules the world once. only few can successful. however, most the successful services can put trigger established rules. this trigger can only come from giant's shoulder, not toes. the airbloc network carries the potential grow into service that can democratize the advertising and data markets through ico, democratization the capital market. indeed, the blockchain technology has many limitations and challenges overcome. pleased join the team with airbloc network for its ongoing monumental experiment. background (current) co-founder/board director, the blockchain association co-founder/director, korbit inc. director, tide institute financial informatization award, bank korea delegate republic korea, conference environment and development author first bitcoin book korea, the airbloc network transforms individual users from passive objects active subjects the advertising market. this user-led data market will not only overcome market's structural limitations, but also will maximize the value the data. having witnessed ab's past journey closely, confident that this blueprint will surely turn into reality. they have proven themselves solving various problems the advertising market through focusing the essence, technological power and strikingly strong execution power. are looking forward seeing how the airbloc network, accompanied team ab's copyright ab. all right reserved. mr. sean lee (digital transformation strategist and investor) competence and passion, will transform the existing advertising market. (current) director, corporate vc, shop board (external) director for dano, spoqa, buzzni, and hellomarket (former) boston consulting group, telecom graduated from insead, yonsei university airbloc.org background mr. seo wooseok, data-driven technical entrepreneur growth hacker airbloc network, with its transparent, reliable, and indefinite scalability based blockchain, will innovate the market just like the changes brought internet the world. the airbloc network will return value and indefinitely leverage personal information within controlled domain. will become broader platform for all tech, crm, data marketplace, and many other. very pleased able help airbloc network become indefinite growth platform towards constant communication with the world. background (current) adjunct professor, kyunghee university (former) cto, deliveryhero (yogiyo baedaltong) m.a. from kaist (korea advanced institute science and technology) copyright ab. all right reserved. airbloc.org airbloc network bill rights the airbloc network bill rights lays out our philosophy how improve data rights individual user and exposure our ecosystem. this philosophy will serve compass orient directions airbloc ecosystem. bill rights personal data airbloc network allows users regain their rights over personal data and data monetization. our definition rights personal data below: rights know about collected data: what types data were collected? rights use collected data with freedom: how sell the data? rights monetize collected data: agreed sell data, whom and for how much? all users must granted the right get accurate diagnosis and confirmation access the types data collected from themselves, for both structured unstructured data. nowadays, increased scope data are collected, including personal digital behavioral information and location, stretching far beyond basic and static personal (e.g. email, phone number, address) information. for machine learning, deep learning, and technologies that could otherwise used for prediction, recommendation, and categorization. the collected data this way should allow users freely decide whether keep his data his own give another entity. finally, users must have the right get shared revenue from the data use and get most compensation from their data sales revenue. copyright ab. all right reserved. therefore, users must able get thorough diagnosis and access details indirect data used airbloc.org airbloc network bill rights bill private exposure rights airbloc network allows users regain their ownership over user interest data and rights enjoy "freedom opinion". this end, airbloc defines rights personal exposure below: rights limit content and/or format unwanted ads: what are the types undesired ads viewed? rights give feedback over contents and formats wanted ads: what are the types desired ads and what think it? rights monetize attention exchanged for ads with freedom: were sell interests data, whom and for how much would sell? believe that user's opinion and freedom must respected all times. particular, both "negative freedom" and "positive freedom" should respected, two which are the attributes the notion freedom. today's world, the most infringed type negative freedom would the exposure unwanted ads. targeted ads towards inferior complex particular part body, specific fact daily life, disinteresting ads with different thoughts, repeated ads that are displayed regardless purchasing willingness are the kind unpleasant ads which must restricted. for discount offers, there will customers hoping for fast-food offer, while others want discount coupon for flight reservation. not only that, users must able comment directly advertisers. the current setting, banner ads rarely collect feedback from users for future postings. such behavior close "fire-and-forget". being able deliver user comments advertisers potential customer crucial protect user freedom expression from the threats. lastly, similar way data selling, users should receive proportionate reward the interests the system. airbloc.org they provide. this way, users can compensated for the type 'liked' ads they configured copyright ab. all right reserved. terms positive freedom, users should allowed view ads that they wish see. even glossary terms airbloc ecosystem airbloc ecosystem collective term for advertising data trading ecosystem built around airbloc network. data providers and data consumers trade data exposures through various exchanges, and within this ecosystem, data providers can monetize their personal data using multiple client services. airbloc blockchain network dapp airbloc blockchain network many client applications using the dapp interface (including airbloc main marketplace and main client service) airbloc network airbloc network the main dapp that provides the advertising data transaction protocol and interface that based the ethereum, where its own blockchain network and evm the nodes belongs to. managed the airbloc foundation, non-profit body and open source community. terms its architecture, contains dual layer service layer and core layer and generally provides the core logic this project. similar concept the backend that provides api traditionally centralized system. airbloc blockchain network dapp airbloc blockchain network these are ab's very first commercialized service managed corporation using airbloc network. users and business entities trade and monetize their data through main marketplace, and users directly monetize their data and manage revenues from their main client service. main data network, large number data networks allow businesses sell data collected from general customers. airbloc main marketplace for data consumer (mainly businesses entities) copyright ab. all right reserved. airbloc main marketplace, airbloc main client service, and airbloc main data network airbloc main client service for data provider (mainly individual users) airbloc.org airbloc main data network for data provider (surrogate sellers, mainly businesses entities) legal disclaimer team airboc (collective term including airbloc foundation, co., ltd., ab's shareholders, employees, and affiliates) publishing this white paper for reference purpose provide information and material general nature, supporters airbloc network and its platform. other words, this white paper not intended encourage investment team airbloc airbloc platform, and completely irrelevant. moreover, the team airbloc publishes this white paper "as is" manner for you and way does this white paper guarantee any content, including conclusion, accurate until future. team airbloc makes representations warranties any kind accuracy with respect this white paper, and assumes legal liability for them. for example, team airbloc will cannot guarantee (i) the white paper published legitimate rights and does not infringe third-party rights; (ii) the white paper commercially valuable useful; (iii) the white paper appropriate reach your goals; (iv) that there error the content the white paper. deed, the range liability exemptions not limited the cases mentioned above. you use this white paper your decisions and actions (including but not limited referring the white paper), you act your own risk reliance the judgement consequences thereof, regardless whether profit loss. actions, decisions, other behavior taken not taken you reliance upon the white paper, even you suffer damage, loss, debt other damages. copyright ab. all right reserved. other words, this team airbloc not responsible for the compensation airbloc.org