airtoken (air) the token for mobile access mobile accessibility using advertising and token-spotting the blockchain airfox whitepaper version august st, contents executive summary introduction the problem user scenarios the solution target market airfox wireless technology dead mobile capital company management team investors advisors airfox pillars mobile access business landscape prepaid market internet affordability the underbanked and unbanked mobile economy accessibility airtoken platform android applications ... airfox browser airtoken spotting telco advertiser integrations reward system airtoken protocols product roadmap air mechanics internal air ledger airtokens ethereum account the airfox internal air ledger air exchange rate air market flow airfox server architecture competitors telco incentives and bulk data purchases token launch airtoken (air) faq citations executive summary airtoken (air) the token for mobile access billion people operate trillion underground economy billion people unbanked billion people have yet receive internet access due mobile affordability the world prepaid phone using average data month billions more underserved their local banks, telcos, and governments airfox's vision make the mobile internet more affordable and accessible and the biggest limitation for our customers access capital. airfox positioned expand access mobile data, benefitting advertisers, users, and carriers, using the blockchain. airfox uses advertising and peer-to-peer token spots the blockchain unlock unrealized access mobile data through new cryptocurrency the airtoken ("air"). air technology harnesses the decentralized power the ethereum blockchain using digital ledger the user's mobile phone data well advertising and proprietary "return-grade" algorithms reward and provide users with access mobile data using air. air are redeemable for mobile data, and, eventually, physical and digital goods. air utilizes the user's smartphone reward the user for attention and good behavior while expanding the pie for the entire ecosystem that wants further maximize this audience (carriers, publishers, and advertisers). airfox quickly established itself the leader affordable data plans for us-based prepaid wireless carriers. incubated harvard's innovation lab, airfox techstars boston alum and venture backed several leading organizations. over the last year, airfox's business-to-business platform has enabled more than million unique united states prepaid wireless subscribers reduce their mobile costs while helping wireless carriers better serve their customers. airfox has also delivered over billion impressions advertisers helping them reach lower socioeconomic audience. airfox android app powered the airtoken blockchain airfox's free android app, airfox browser, enables any prepaid mobile subscriber earth earn air. with both apps, users are rewarded air for every impression their device. users can then exchange those air for mobile data use them send mobile data others via billion prepaid sim cards and over wireless carriers. eventually users will also able spot one another air. airfox browser browse, buy, save earn the airfox browser blocks outside advertising and trackers that traditionally consume over user's data plan. once android users download the airfox browser, they gain fast internet access and can use their mobile data more efficiently. users can opt-in non-incentivized (i.e. they aren't rewarded for clicking them, only observing them) ads from airfox and those will appear the browser periodically. users earn air opting airfox ads. users can opt view advertisements and complete offers (e.g. complete surveys, install apps, watch videos, purchase goods, etc) earn air. the amount air each offer worth displayed the user before accepting the offer. ads are periodically displayed user's smartphone after certain events; for example, call ended the phone unlocked. users can also purchase air directly within the airfox browser app using their local currency certain countries where airfox has integrated this service. for example, the united states, credit card could purchase air. eventually this app will also allow airfox users spot one another air based smartphone data. airtoken future use funds airfox intends use the funds raised via the token sale buy data bulk, develop the airspotting program, and expand its consumer-facing business worldwide. air will used across all our platforms and products. air will first contained the browser and recharge apps, eventually expect open the token external publishers and advertisers order directly enable mobile data access their own properties using air. air will utility for mobile data, and eventually should further used roll-out the air-spotting platform and allow external air developers and advertisers launch our advertising reward and spot system within their apps and properties. airtoken "air" creation event air will only created during single event commencing october airfox aims create million air for sale exchange for eth. the maximum number air minted will billion (,,,). air will sold discount early buyers rate sliding from air usd equivalent eth down usd equivalent eth, finishing the billion minted air mark. the "bonus tranches" will discount air, which increases the number air for usd equivalent eth, according the following formula: tranche million, air per usd equivalent eth tranche million million, air per usd equivalent eth tranche million million, air per usd equivalent eth standard tranche: million million, air per usd equivalent eth (no bonus) following the million mark, hour period will begin where additional million, million usd equivalent eth, total will raised, until billion (,,,) air minted, whichever comes first. any time, ,,, air minted, the token creation event will close. the number available air purchase during the ico before and following the million mark variable, depending the number air pre-sold before the token creation event, and will never exceed ,,,. introduction airfox was co-founded victor santos and sara choi aiming make the mobile internet more efficient, affordable, and accessible for the billions underserved mobile subscribers around the world. airfox will unlock mobile accessibility using advertising and token-spotting the blockchain. are launching air ethereum erc-compliant token for more efficient and decentralized mobile ecosystem across carriers, advertisers, publishers, and users. users: access mobile data via token-spotting and advertisers. air will used the ledger record for the user's smart-phone data and personal information. users will receive air rewards for opt-in advertising (instead the ads being invisible burden their data) and peer-to-peer spots air based our internal airfox user "return grade," (representing the recipient's likelihood return providers the air spotted) furnished airfox for airfox internal evaluation guidelines only. users can redeem air for mobile data recharges across prepaid carriers around the world, and eventually physical and digital products, across publishers and advertisers. carriers: airfox will programmatically buy airtime and data bulk from carriers. carriers want maximize spectrum and data usage from subscribers order maximize revenue. airfox will purchase data discount bulk across carriers. users will able redeem their air into their carrier's pre-paid account use for other services outside mobile data. the carrier benefits from these extra micro-transactions that did not exist before well bulk data purchases. advertisers: advertisers will have higher roi, fewer intermediaries, better data targeting, less fraud and low-income user access. advertisers and developers will able target and reach the unbanked prepaid subscriber. advertisers and programmatic networks can also choose directly sponsor all segment users with air for opt-in, attention engagement. publishers: publishers will have new user reach and better user experience. publishers can implement our air reward, token-spotting, and advertising system enable higher user output. publishers can offer in-app purchase and digital products. they can also allow users one-click buy their services using their air balance. advertising-based publishers can also reward the users with air for being active users creating actionable moment within the publisher's application, website, other software capable air integration. the problem mobile internet not affordable and accessible for the majority the world's population. billion people, about the world, are still not connected the mobile internet and remain offline. lack affordability prohibits the majority the world from having unlimited access the internet and the mobile ecosystem. for the billion pre-paid mobile subscriptions emerging markets, cost data still remains the biggest constraint usage. places like nigeria, just mobile prepaid data can cost more than family spends its children's education. users developing markets are spending their average gross national income for /th (mb) the data consumption compared developed markets like the united states. countries like mexico and brazil average consumer will work between hours earn just mobile data. make matters worse, the default mobile ecosystem (trackers, apps and advertisers) consumes the average user's mobile data for ads and trackers, which can cost much month. not only mobile data expensive, but also the mobile ecosystem itself extra invisible burden the affordability the internet. user buying data may only get true access. put this matter into perspective, monthly prepaid data allocation will get someone only minutes web use day and will cost double what people developing countries spend healthcare. airfox aims increase the affordability and accessibility the mobile internet through advertising and peer-to-peer spotting air, while also cleaning the waste trackers, advertisers and apps order maximize data plans. accessibility the mobile digital economy another problem, the user can afford data he/she may not able afford the brand, product application shown advertiser organically searched via his web browsing. since most these users are underbanked underserved the banks, they are left without means transact their smart-phone. the entire value chain the smartphone ecosystem not properly designed account for prepaid user's lack affordability and accessibility the mobile internet and mobile banking. estimated billion unbanked subscribers exist across the world and many more are underserved banks. many these subscribers are the same ones that cannot afford mobile data have yet come online. the unbanked mobile subscribers lack established record credit often living underground economy. this prevents them from receiving loans, creating new businesses, and rising into the middle class. hernandez soto described this un-ledgered "dead" capital (see more the "the concept 'dead' mobile capital" section below). user scenarios prepaid mobile subscriber indonesia aditya uses indosat prepaid service and often has pay over his income mobile service, uses low-end android device. does not own computer and his smartphone his primary method for payments, connectivity and communication. for him, the smartphone essential tool for work and his daily life. aditya very aware the cost his mobile service, constantly switching between carriers often multiple times per month having multiple prepaid connections order maximize his value. with airfox, aditya can earn and purchase air real-time via airfox's mobile apps. now earning air for simply using his phone, without much change his smart-phone behavior. can then use these air claim data recharges for free highly discounted rate. indian immigrant the u.s. sending air back india rohit indian immigrant the united states constantly sending money back home for his family. remittance and exchange fees are often expensive. with airfox, sending air back home becomes easier and cheaper. rohit can send air that has purchased, earned, has been spotted anyone the world with prepaid phone with airfox account simply inputting their phone number, all without the high remittance fees. unbanked user mexico juan pablo hard working blue collar worker factory. operates extralegal economy cash only. his employer pays him cash and banks prefer not serve high-risk customers like juan pablo, just too expensive. juan pablo does not mind since the fees are just too high justify being banked customer. however, being unbanked precludes him from many capital benefits including access leverage and interest rates. also precludes juan pablo from ever making purchases online. with airfox, juan pablo can spotted air that can used for investments and purchases. and never before, across airfox's direct ecosystem, juan pablo can also purchase digital and physical products from his smart-phone using air. the solution airfox's solution harnesses the decentralized power the ethereum blockchain and advertising give users air, new token redeemable for mobile data, and eventually physical and digital goods. users can then establish credit history through their opted-in device data, advertising behavior and browsing history, enabling airfox facilitate peer-to-peer spotting airtokens any person with smart phone. airfox believes users can unlock the "dead" mobile capital lower income, data-starved, and often unbanked mobile subscribers emerging markets using blockchain, advertising, and token-spotting through connected global mobile wireless network. will unlock dead mobile capital users smart-phones and give the ability for anyone use their smart-phone data leveragable and ledgered digital assets. airfox created carrier agnostic abstraction layer between wireless carrier's infrastructure order facilitate affordable mobile internet for the pre-paid and unbanked smart-phone subscriber. airfox already integrated with hundreds wireless carriers buying mobile data bulk order have economies scale. airfox will the default user mechanism (browser application) that connects the carrier's network and through the internet experience while the same time providing users way earn via advertising and token-spotting built blockchain technology. airfox will replace the current mobile ecosystem (applications, sites, advertisers and data purchases) with more efficient new decentralized airfox mobile ecosystem that created around air, decentralized blockchain technology, that enables instant more efficient communication and transactions between the wireless carriers, publishers, advertisers and mobile users. believe this system more efficient for the rest the world: those who can't afford the luxuries smart-phone and the power its mobile economy. want enable anyone (users, carriers, advertisers and publishers) the mobile ecosystem have the ability provide receive airtoken spots, which will used for mobile data recharges first but will then soon expand the wider ecosystem transactions the mobile web and application space. the users are targeting not have bank accounts are underserved banks. these users, however, have pre-paid account with local wireless carrier, and although constrained how much they use mobile data, can tap into billions underbanked prepaid smartphone users who are hungry expand their use the mobile internet both from affordability ("i can purchase data") but also accessibility ("i can buy something via smart-phone") perspective. although the first phase purely enabling affordability the mobile internet, see the final vision more efficient free-flowing exchange the pre-paid smartphone economy using advertising, telco infrastructure, air and token spots across ecosystem transactions between carriers, users, advertisers and publishers. believe that this model will bring affordability and accessibility the mobile internet. target market: pre-paid mobile users who are underbanked unbanked. airfox wireless our airfox wireless (www.airfoxwireless.com) unit has served over million unique subscribers across different prepaid wireless virtual operators (mvnos). airfox integrated with over wireless carriers for airtime transfers, covering billion pre-paid sim cards and has relationships with over programmatic networks covering thousands advertisers. our proprietary ads reward sdk bids across advertisers and networks for the best payout. since inception we've generated revenue the first months, delivered over billion impressions and raised million venture funds from techstars, project launchcapital, nxtventures and other prominent angels. airfox wireless continues grow with its carrier customers such life wireless, i-wireless (kroger wireless), primo app, budget mobile and pareteum. may consider expanding our blockchain technology our unit post-token launch. the same technology developed for airfox wireless being used our consumer apps. technology: airfox has one pending patent filed its core technology. airfox already has two production level applications the google play store that lets users earn pre-allocated airtokens (which convert blockchain airtokens from the airfox air reserve following the token launch) and then redeem the token into mobile recharges via global carriers, reaching billion pre-paid sim cards. the company has signed global partnership with pareteum (teum) offer airfox's technology module their existing wireless subscribers. pareteum's customers include vodafone spain, zain and dozens other mvnos. the airfox server architecture currently handles over million users and over million unique events per day. built using cloud services, including amazon web services and digital ocean, the system auto-scales handle large amounts traffic. see the "airfox server architecture" section for more information. airfox android applications are built work all android version and higher devices matter their capabilities. airfox software optimized for low-end, resource constrained devices common low-income regions. airfox applications optimize memory, disk and network usage ensure optimal user experiences. the concept "dead" mobile capital "dead capital," originally coined hernando soto polar, term for asset that cannot easily bought, sold, valued, used investment. the concept dead capital can applied users who have smart-phones. call this dead mobile capital. user with smartphone has "digital" assets: their behavior, personal information, user lifetime value, pre-paid wallet, and attention. high data costs, lack access banking services and little digital purchasing power create barrier maximizing the mobile ecosystem for the world. perpetuating cycle. hernando soto polar's theory was based the lack ledger system that allows property owners the shadow economy use their property rights order acquire capital. airfox believes there are trillions dollars wasted "dead" mobile capital that can tracked, ledgered, and unlocked through the smartphone via more efficient ecosystem using blockchain. the core concept unlock hidden potential making the system more efficient and eliminating economic deadweight loss, while simultaneously expanding the pie the underserved. airfox will accomplish this creating value that can used both data (the fuel) and the wider smart-phone mobile ecosystem (ads, purchases, etc.). economics, deadweight loss (also known excess burden allocative inefficiency) loss economic efficiency that can occur when equilibrium for good service not achieved not achievable. causes deadweight loss can include monopoly pricing, externalities, taxes subsidies, and binding price ceilings floors. the term deadweight loss may also referred the "excess burden" monopoly taxation. the case the emerging market mobile economy, the deadweight losses are negative externalities that create inefficiencies the affordability mobile data and accessibility the full smart-phone experience. high bandwidth costs limit data access because telcos monopolistic pricing models and advertisers excessive consumption constrained bandwidth. banks not provide access capital for most consumers, users' demand curve will never match their true potential, leaving deadweight loss mobile capital that cannot tapped and fully maximized. airfox will transform and shift transactions from cash, offline mechanisms and underground economy decentralized mobile system that formalizes digital blockchain technology (air), removes dead mobile capital and expands the pie generating additional leverage using pre-paid accounts, advertising sharing and proprietary user "return grades" intended for internal airfox purposes. air will create formal ledger transactions using blockchain and ecosystem for carriers, advertisers, and publishers connect prepaid subscribers more efficiently and unlock each subscriber's individual "dead" mobile capital. deadweight loss the underserved visualization: the above graphic, "price" represents the cost mobile access and "quantity" represents the number people with some access mobile capital. "supply curve" represents mobile access the mobile economy. the "negative externalities" can summarized several inefficiencies the mobile market for the underserved: mobile internet affordability costly telco pricing and invisible "pollution" burden data plans from advertisers, trackers, etc. airfox creates efficiencies having economies scale when buying data from telcos (see "telco incentives and bulk data purchases" section below) and giving users mechanisms save data and earn air from advertisers. cost and access banking the unbanked and underbanked customers emerging markets are left live informal underground economy without access capital although they have troves data that can used "property rights" create value. airfox creates efficiencies ledgering the user's device digital assets and allowing users spot one another air, providing data access users who otherwise would have capital options with local telcos and banks. airfox aims not only improve negative externalities but instead create positive externalities order move the supply mobile access optimal equilibrium with higher output, lower price and higher quantity mobile capital. company management team airfox, techstars boston alumni, was founded ex-googlers, victor santos and sara choi, and incubated harvard's innovation launch lab. airfox headquartered cambridge, and has team full-time employees. victor santos co-founder, ceo victor ex-googler, berkeley alum, and telecom entrepreneur. began working with voip iworldservices, opening their latam division, then co-founded ciao telecom where launched platform for voip entrepreneurs and advertising-based mobile virtual network operator (mvno). after growing ciao telecom double digits million revenue, joined google working product and marketing for adwords agencies program. sara choi co-founder sara harvard alum, and award winning product manager and marketer. she began youtube where she launched new product feature that increased csat she went become google's youngest media lead managing youtube's media team and budget, launching campaigns like youtube's comedy week. sara led product ciao telecom where she and victor launched mobile network virtual operator. james seibel cto james formerly software architect lola travel (founded kayak founders), head engineering apperian (acquired arxan technologies), and computer science from boston university. james has architected and developed range technologies, including mobile app hardening using algorithms rewrite compiled application binaries automatically add crypto for and german governments (us patent a).james blockchain engineer and ethereum contract author. emanuel moecklin chief software architect emanuel formerly mobile technology entrepreneur with gravity (founder and ceo) and software architect/manager postfinance. emanuel has architected, designed and built large-scale transaction systems for the biggest payment processor switzerland and has worked numerous big software projects across the globe for the management consulting business unit pricewaterhousecoopers. he's expert mobile advertising and the mobile development wizard airfox responsible for designing and implementing the airfox mobile client architecture. christine director business operations christine formerly business strategy and operations consultant ericsson, berkeley alum, and business development/sales professional. she began her telecom career working ericsson the consulting tier telecom operators. after years outstanding performance, she was one four (and the only female) chosen from the and canada build ericsson's business strategy consulting unit the middle east, africa, and southeast asia. prior ericsson, christine held sales and finance roles various firms such cisco, microsoft, coldwell banker commercial, and late stage venture debt fund, gold hill capital. tiago passinato principal software engineer tiago formerly long time entrepreneur and consultant software development and infosec. worked with highly regulated industries brazil, including government offices and international logistic companies, architecting server infrastructure and full-stack projects. tiago was senior engineer and architect ciao telecom and various start-ups working with adtech and telecom infrastructure. has been working with airfox since its inception co-founding team-member responsible for architecting the platform scale millions users. investors airfox backed techstars, project nxt ventures, launchcapital, rightside capital and other prominent investors boston. advisors airfox pillars mobile access the pillars mobile accessibility: mobile sponsorship users earn free mobile internet engaging with advertisers via the airfox browser application users receive periodic "free" mobile internet passes from select sponsors based quality user scoring data spotting enable more access mobile efficiency airfox browser enables consumers use their smartphone the most efficient way possible. maximize mobile data dynamic throttling ii. adblock tracking block iii. caching iv. blocking background services compression media airfox will hedge data negotiations (buying bulk, timing, spectrum capacity etc) with wireless carriers and create the perfect plan recharge for the right subscriber. mobile decentralization airfox users can purchase mobile data for themselves send mobile data and air other users with over carriers billion sim cards) airfox will create its own mobile decentralized ecosystem advertisers, publishers, carriers and users that operates more efficiently via the blockchain and maximize the mobile capital for the prepaid consumer. mobile blockchain use the goal expand air into widely used token beyond mobile data, reaching across apps, websites, advertisers and m-commerce. most people lack bank accounts, but they have wireless cell-phone service and air can enable commerce the unbanked. airfox will create its own proprietary user scoring algorithm based telco data, wireless billing, device usage, web-sites browsed, applications used and airfox apps' internal behavior order determine the qualification user being "accepted" token-spotting recipient. spots are made air that can used for data across our mobile ecosystem. business landscape prepaid market and internet affordability more than the world's population remains offline. without removing crucial deterrents internet adoption, little will change--and more than billion people may left behind. mobile connectivity lagging because the combined effects poverty and income inequality. while poverty the whole falling (both absolute numbers and percentage population), there are still over billion people living absolute poverty across the developing world (i.e., less than $./day), many whom live developing markets. you have users that have yet come online billion+ mobile subscribers the world) and prepaid emerging market subscribers who are data constrained, spending average their gross national income mobile service. the broadband commission defines broadband affordable entry-level (mb) package available less average monthly income (i.e., gni per capita). yet, the average cost prepaid bundle was gni per capita ldcs and across developing countries. internet prices appear dropping, and affordability, defined the un, increasing last year the itu reported that out developing countries had actually achieved the un's affordability target. developing countries now account for the vast majority internet users the unbanked and underbanked billion people worldwide remain unbanked without access capital and means have formalized economy. there also high percentage the total banked customers emerging markets that although have account with bank, they are constrained high fees and low access imposed governments and financial institutions limiting their total access capital. adults high-income economies report having account formal financial institution; developing economies, only adults do. airfox aims not only serve the unbanked, but also the underbanked. these are people who have poor unreliable access formal financial services for example, customers who open bank account receive government payments, but withdraw all the money immediately and thereafter operate cash. the united states, there are roughly million unbanked individuals but many million adults are considered underbanked. without access formalized capital, the underbanked and unbanked are left transact underground economy often depreciating, risky, wasteful and inconvenient ways. unbanked and underbanked citizens waste time waiting line pay for utilities, bills and children's school fees cash. entrepreneurs turn shark lenders who charge very high rates. cash savings get depreciated with high emerging market inflation most people don't have form earn interest outside saving their money under the mattress. digitizing payments, ledgering capital and unlocking new mobile ecosystem using the blockchain will create more access and capital for those who have, until now, been unable join the global marketplace. mobile economy accessibility the global app economy will worth trillion from trillion last year. the user base will almost double from billion people using apps billion, while the time spent apps will grow trillion hours from trillion today, the billion app users, average, spent apps last year, per hour, per person. this will grow per user however, most that growth driven developed markets like japan ($. per hour), ($. per hour), ($. per hour) and china ($. per hour) compared india ($. per hour) and globally ($. per hour). developing markets access capital often prohibitive too costly and centralized across governments, banks and telcos. lot times the centralized system government, telco bank just makes economically unfeasible give access mobile data the majority the population. smartphone mass adoption and the blockchain allows decentralize this process bypassing telcos, big banks and governments. airfox can use blockchain based mobile ecosystem that rewards users for their digital assets and personal information. addition, can use the data collect facilitate peer-to-peer data spotting that can used across the wider mobile ecosystem without the need centralized entity controlling this process, making these micro-transactions extremely efficient scale and cost effective for the masses. airtoken platform android application airfox browser app the airfox browser android app the way users can opt-in ads, purchase air directly, complete offers earn air, and redeem their air for digital goods and services. users can opt-in ads displayed their device order earn air. ads are displayed the smartphone after various device events, such post-unlock and post-call. the ads displayed change dynamically real-time based user's individual profile and the current profitability the programmatic networks. users may choose see more less ads any given time and earn proportionately more less air. users can complete offers earn air. offers include but are not limited completing surveys, installing apps, watching videos and purchasing goods. how many air offer worth displayed users before they accept the offer. users can purchase air directly using their local currency certain countries where airfox has integrated this service. the united states, users can use credit card purchase air. the exchange rate local currency air set the market and changes dynamically (see "airtoken exchange rate" section). users can redeem air for mobile data, digital services and physical goods inside the airfox browser app. the amount air required purchase any product set the air exchange markets and changes dynamically. the airfox browser android app fork the open-source lightning browser. airfox code additions mozilla-licensed files, and any other files and libraries that require modifications open-source, will released public git repository. airfox specific additions will closed-source. the airfox proprietary serving sdk that currently connected over programmatic advertising networks will not open-sourced. the airfox browser blocks advertising and trackers that consume over user's data plan. periodically, ads from the airfox network will appear over the browser. users will rewarded air for every impression their device. the airfox browser prototype currently available the google play store for immediate use. air-spotting airfox may use the following high-level data signals determine user eligible seek spotted air, how long the user would have return the air spotted, the amount compensation due the provider, and total amount air the user can spotted. user behavior within airfox apps (loyalty, activity, purchases air, quality user) wallet balance air pre-paid carrier balance and transactions browsing history via airfox browser engagement with airfox advertisers and adnetworks (ctr, clicks, post action, post-click action, attention ads) applications the device contacts social network inbound outbound calls airfox token-spotting return data party data initially, for user qualify spotted air they must active user with airfox for total consecutive days and earn purchase least airtokens and have least airtokens balance while receiving air spot. airfox will then collateralize percentage the user's air and offer few different air-spotting options the user based our proprietary data sources and user scoring. the larger air balance user has, the more she can spotted air any given time. users that return the air they were spotted time will also "level-up" within our system earning loyalty status while increasing their internal "return grade" enabling better provider-compensation options, longer lengths time, and more access air. will estimate reasonable costs recipients and will adjust such costs dynamically based country, cohorts, and other factors. the user fails return the air time and accordance with the air-spotting agreement, she will blocked from receiving new token spots with the option re-enabled the user eventually returns the air required the agreement. user defaults and never returns the air, the user can still use the services within the airfox app, including earning air and buying sending money, but may take earnings air make the difference the air the user still has not returned. all details described herein regarding air spotting are subject change based regulations and product decisions. this text proposal for the spot system, which may change when implemented. spotting not available the united states u.s.-based providers and recipients. spotting not available the united states u.s.-based providers and recipients. airfox risk-rating factors internal return grade airfox will have internal air user "return grade," similar credit score. this grade based data via our applications and external partners that are not considered consumer reporting agencies. through gathering data the browsing history, device and the user are analyzing the user's behavior and determining their risk profile and their return grade. collateral the more air collateral user has the more can seek spotted. the air collateral also goes into account when calculating expected loss and determining the appropriate provider compensation for the spot. character airfox will programmatically use social networks, mdn and other data points order assess this user has malicious intent high risk user across other apps and web-sites. one our data sources tells the user has high probability default fraudulent behavior likely that the user won't qualify for air-spot unless further information provided. the user can also earn loyalty points for returning air on-time, completing multiple spots, being active and having good user score. building their loyalty levels they are increasingly likely able obtain air-spots with better provider compensation levels conditions air market conditions, and local economic externalities may cause impact the risk-rating for airfox's spots air. may apply discount premium depending seasonal regional factors. telco advertisers integrations airfox integrated with over carriers through direct and indirect partnerships and with over programmatic advertising networks giving our technology instant access billions prepaid sim cards and hundreds thousands advertisers. our proprietary sdk manages the telco and advertising integrations, bidding and exchanges. opt-in ads airtoken reward algorithm airfox currently integrated with over different providers. each has their own internal representation what constitutes impression, click-through, and other analytics that affect publisher revenue. airfox has built internal eventing system that unifies the definition valid impressions across all providers and tracks them per-user, per-network, per-placement. our big data analytics solution built atop apache spark and currently analyzes over million events daily. using this system, airfox figures out the portion revenue each user earned, and rewards them with the equivalent market value air. for example, user had impressions split among networks, daily basis airfox calculates the value each impression based the daily revenue per network, per placement (pnpp): impression value pnpp total revenue pnpp total impressions pnpp airfox then sums the total air earned for user across all networks and placements, then rewards them daily basis. airfox does not reward based click-through rate, this would incentivize fraud and encourage mindless clicking ads. airfox rewards based impressions, which are served over time. the user earns more air passively opting into airfox ads their device, using the airfox browser, and completing offers which reward air. airtoken protocols order for air fully decentralized, will ensure that even the carriereq, and all subsidiaries such airfox and airtoken gmbh, fails, airtokens maintain value utility token. therefore, carriereq will create and publish open protocol standards that interact with the airtoken ethereum smart contracts. any company could implement those protocols their software conform the standard and enable the use air. for example, telecom company wanted accept air for mobile data, they would implement api that conforms the air protocol, and they could then accept air and interact with the ethereum smart contracts supporting it. this ensures that airtoken can maintain its utility the decentralized ethereum blockchain without any company being responsible for its development. any company open source project implementing the air protocols will able use air. product roadmap there are three phases the air platform. the first phase will enable users earn free air via advertising for mobile recharges across wireless carriers. users can earn air via the android airfox browser and recharge app. the second phase enabling qualified active users spotted air collateralizing their prepaid account and using our own internal airfox user grading. will also expand the use air for items outside mobile recharges. users will able use spotted air for physical and digital products across our ecosystem. may have modify our implementation satisfy legal and regulatory requirements regional basis. the third phase extending the use air and our advertising token-spotting blockchain system outside our own applications and across direct network publishers and advertisers. publishers and advertisers can reward their users with air via advertising moments and use our token-spotting system enable in-app purchases. this would external library via api and sdk that publishers can integrate into their applications websites. mobile application roadmap airfox browser app browse, save and earn phase august st, ii. iii. iv. vi. vii. users can use airfox browser access the internet faster and more data efficiently users can earn airtokens for browsing the internet users save data compared normal browsers via adblocking mechanism light personal data collection users can earn air via advertising and use tokens redeem mobile data users can purchase mobile data using air users can send mobile data using air prepaid sim cards and over wireless carriers. phase create smaller and "lite" version the browser that less than size ii. add monetization search partner iii. heavier personal data collection for spotting air iv. publishers can opt-in for airtokens and earn direct advertisers can opt-in airtokens and launch campaigns vi. adnetworks can opt-in airtokens via airfox vii. air-spotting proprietary user-grading algorithm deployment viii. users can apply spotted air phase iii ii. iii. airfox users can save data their smart-phone enabling airfox's vpn opt-in airfox users can purchase (more carriers) time-based application data-passes with air airfox users can purchase affordable (to select carriers) time-based application data-passes with air (i.e. tokens for unlimited between pm-am) air mechanics airfox internal air ledger order prevent excessive micro-transactions from overloading the mainnet ethereum blockchain, airfox will maintain internal ledger how many airtokens each user has earned and their transaction history. first, the internal ledger will traditional relational database. eventually, airfox will transition this internal ledger into internal blockchain that fully auditable. this will potentially the raiden network off-chain technology, hyperledger from the linux foundation, another internal blockchain technology. these technologies will need mature and battle-tested for production use cases before being used airfox. airtokens ethereum account the airfox internal air ledger anyone with air balance ethereum account will able send user's account the airfox internal air ledger (see the "airfox internal air ledger" section). the airfox internal air ledger technology subject change depending upon the evolution and success internal blockchain technology, the exact mechanism this process could change well. the air contract will contain function that will transfer air from ethereum account the airfox reserve ethereum account. the function will take additional piece data, which the phone number (mobile directory number, "mdn") the airfox user the air should transferred to. the airfox internal air ledger will then updated reflect the additional air held this user. user with that mdn exists the airfox system, the air are held until user with that mdn added the system. air exchange rate users will obtain mobile data, digital goods and services, and physical goods using air. the value airtokens, and thus how many air are used obtain product, will change dynamically based the floating exchange value air the ethereum network. order prevent rapid changes air floating market value from swinging prices and enabling users time air transactions maximize value, average exchange rate value will calculated periodically and used price goods and services for users. this will smooth out fluctuations the airtoken market. airfox will maintain internal reserve air, beginning with the air unsold from the initial coin offering, and continuing with regular purchases from the market (see the "air market mechanics" section). summary, airfox will allow the air free-floating market value determine the air exchange rate and product pricing. airfox will not artificially prop the value air. airfox will stabilize internal product pricing prevent rapid air market price changes from affecting users, but not any significant way that alters the fair market air value. airtoken market flow air circulate the following way. users install the airfox browser app and begin earning air. they earn them for displaying ads, redeeming offers, accepting spots air and directly purchasing air countries where this integrated. air held users are stored the airfox internal ledger. air earned users are immediately assigned the user, which reduces the number unassigned air the airfox reserve. airfox replenishes the airfox reserve air purchasing them from the ethereum network periodic basis from the airfox reserve ether balance, initially daily, although this subject change. because users earn air via microtransactions, many users' transactions are batched into the same air purchase from the ethereum network. fiat income earned airfox from ads, offers, and direct air purchases. anticipate that the fiat income earned will kept airfox pay for business, legal, hosting, salaries and administration fees, and the remainder will periodically converted into ether replenish the airfox reserve ether balance. users obtain mobile data, digital services, physical goods and other products using air. when this occurs, the airfox internal ledger updated reduce the user's air balance, and increases the airfox reserve air balance. these products are often paid for fiat currency, which the airfox reserve fiat currency balance pays for. when the airfox reserve fiat currency balance low, ether sold replenish it. when the airfox reserve ether balance low, the airfox reserve air balance sold the ethereum network replenish it. the air sales will happen as-needed. airfox server architecture airfox microservice, cloud-based based architecture hosted aws and digital ocean that auto-scales the number users the airfox system. clients interact with microservices via the airfox browser mobile apps. clients fetch ads directly from networks via the airfox network sdk and from the microservice backend. administrators, such for direct telecom integrations and when enable direct purchases, will communicate with the microservices via the admin dashboard. purchases and transactions are logged multiple places the eventing system, the airfox internal air ledger, and our internal rdbms databases. the microservices communicate with third-party services, such stripe for purchases air and telco carriers for direct mobile data purchases. the ethereum network communicated with securely using hot-wallet containing minimal amounts eth and air. microservice built specifically for interacting with the ethereum network will isolated from other pieces the airfox architecture and securely protected. the main airfox air reserve and ethereum reserve are held wallets that transfer the hot-wallet as-needed basis. competitors there are competitors that use mobile technology with combination advertising, token-spotting and blockchain provide more affordable mobile internet. however, there are several other companies attempting provide more affordable internet variety different segments using advertising. believe that lotusflare and jana are the closest competitors that can match terms market, product and vision. airfox believes that although there are merits all competitors attempting solve the problem mobile internet affordability, lotusflare lacks advertising and data rewards, and this makes less compelling solution for the unbanked and underbanked. however, their deeper integrations with carriers allow them zero-rate and dynamically sell app bundled data plans. jana's product closely resembles airfox without the token-spotting platform and blockchain ecosystem. however, jana heavily dependent pure advertising rewards model vs. blockchain ecosystem that emcompasses purchases, token spots, and advertising rewards. summary, none our closest competitors currently have blockchain and token-spotting system implemented that compliments advertising model earning money towards your prepaid wireless account. believe that the decentralization and implementation blockchain technology with the ability extend extra capital mobile users not only enable internet affordability but also accessibility the mobile ecosystem the core strategic difference between airfox and its competitors. direct competitors lotusflare dataeye provides users with application specific data plans addition data saving capabilities jana mcent, jana's browser and rewards application gives users free mobile airtime. indirect competitors tala micro-loans kenya and philippines unlockd unlockd similar our airfox wireless business, providing wireless carriers with advertising rewards solution. boost dealz app google (triangle app) this google experiment the philippines. don't take this serious attempt but more experiment syntonic (asx: syt)- syntonic freeway provides data rewards platform for advertisers, wireless carriers and consumers that focuses application specific campaigns. telco incentives and bulk data purchases wireless carriers have the incentive sell data ahead time order maximize revenues from spectrum that underutilized. carriers spend billions dollars spectrum and fixed cost with peak valley capacity curve. this allows airfox not only buy bulk data and airtime but also use times, spectrum capacity and seasonality drive better promotions for the end-user. carriers have wholesale divisions that interconnect with other carriers and companies like airfox order maximize data revenues. the carrier incentivized work with airfox and does not pose threat their business; fact, compliments their revenues and core strategy maximize much data possible from the user. token launch terms and privacy policy: https://www.airtoken.com/paper/airtoken_termsofservice_privacypolicy.pdf token sale terms: http://www.airtoken.com/paper/airfoxico_tc.pdf will sell maximum billion airtokens raise maximum million usd. the exact amount eth raised will change based the value eth usd the time the air contract deployed. please note that airfox gmbh's parent entity, carriereq, inc. will now conducting the airfox airtoken creation event. have posted amended and restated airfox airtoken creation event terms conditions http://www.airtoken.com/paper/airfoxico_tc.pdf reflect the new entity well changes reflect law instead swiss law. you not agree these amended terms, please contact corporate@airfox.io october and will refund your contribution; otherwise, your acceptance air will constitute your acceptance such modification and the amended and restated airfox airtoken creation event terms conditions. token contract address: tbd (published through various channels hrs before crowdsale launch date). launch date and time: october token launch time-frame: days. token launch completion: token launch will end when either the maximum number air issued days from the token launch has passed. token distribution airfox reserve: max: million (,,) airtokens user growth pool: reserve airtokens token-spotting reserve: reserve airtokens airtokens available public launch for sale: billion (%) ,,, (corresponding the eth raised token launch) initial token budget allocation engineering r&d bulk data purchases administration legal sales marketing buffer reserve these percentages are subject change based airfox's needs, and should considered proposal for the token allocation. airtoken faq what airtoken? the airtoken (symbol: air) token based the ethereum blockchain technology. the core asset the new airfox decentralized digital rewards and token-spotting system described this document. users possessing air can exchange them for mobile data, digital services and physical goods. what air represent? air are ethereum-based tokens the airfox rewards and token-spotting platform described this document. they are not refundable, nor are they securities for speculation. there promise future performance. there suggestion promise that air have will hold particular value. air give rights the company and not represent participation the company. air are sold functional good. any value received the company may spent without conditions. air initial coin offering purchases are meant only for experts cryptographic tokens and blockchain-based software systems. there guarantee that air the airfox advertising rewards and token-spotting platform will successful and have any long-term value whatsoever. what amount being raised? what's the cap tokens? will there follow-on offering? are targeting raise much million usd and cap billion (,,,) tokens. not plan have follow-on offering. what crypto-currencies are accepted the crowdsale? eth will accepted the crowdsale. you will required have ethereum wallet pointed the token/crowdsale address participate the crowdsale. airtoken are ethereum derived tokens. you hold btc some other crypto-currency can exchanged for eth via third-parties and used participate the crowdsale. when will the crowdsale happen? the crowdsale will happen october the exact day will dependent finalizing the contract and completing the full audit, and may changed airfox. the contract will made available the airfox official public github repository once finalized. what the price air? air will sold fixed ratio eth. the goal raise million usd equivalent eth for selling billion air, which will determine the exchange rate, and will set immediately before deploying the contract. how will airfox use eth raised during token launch? the eth received the crowdsale will used airfox improve our advertising reward ecosystem, build out token-spotting system, and launch emerging markets explained this document. are air transferable? crowdsale purchased airtokens are transferable once the token sale event finishes. air can transferred into the airfox internal air ledger described this document. air can redeemed through the airfox browser android app for mobile data, digital services and physical goods. air themselves have inherent value and can only redeemed rates determined airfox, which will use token exchange pricing set rates. which white paper considered the "final version"? the latest english version this white paper when the ico begins, posted publicly http://www.airtoken.com/, considered the final version. all prior versions and translations into other languages are for informational purposes only. ico purchasers should familiar with the english final version the airtoken white paper before purchasing air. will airfox follow this document exactly following the token sale event? the date this document published, airfox intends follow through described herein. however, impossible predict the future, and changes business strategy, the regulatory environment, technologies and other unforeseen circumstances may necessitate deviations from the described plan. airfox intends faithfully follow through execution the business plan and airtoken system but retains the right deviate from this document needed succeed. this document should considered proposal. citations http://www.itu.int/en/itu-d/statistics/pages/facts/default.aspx http://aai.org/affordability-report/report//#footnotes http://www.itu.int/en/itu-d/statistics/pages/facts/default.aspx http://www.broadbandcommission.org/documents/broadband_targets.pdf *http://www.internetworldstats.com/stats.htm http://www.mckinsey.com/industries/high-tech/our-insights/offline-and-falling-behind-ba rriers-to-internet-adoption http://aai.org/affordability-report/report// http://webfoundation.org/docs///womens-rights-online.pdf https://techcrunch.com////app-economy-to-grow-to---trillion-in--user-ba seto-nearly-double-to---billion/ http://money.cnn.com////news/economy/mexico-remittances-trump/index.html https://techcrunch.com////app-economy-to-grow-to---trillion-in--user-ba seto-nearly-double-to---billion/ http://www.banknews.com/blog/unbanked-potential-underserved-population-presents-ma joropportunity/ https://www.youtube.com/watch?time_continue=&v=yaxltbpmq https://www.fcc.gov/general/lifeline-program-low-income-consumers) https://www.fcc.gov/general/universal-service https://www.forbes.com/sites/alanmcintyre////banks-need-to-focus-on-a-new-cu stomer-the-unbanked/#ccac https://www.theguardian.com/global-development-professionals-network//oct//fin ancial-inclusion-developed-world-finance