akroma.io github.com/akroma-project medium.com/akroma twitter.com/akroma_io draft abstract current blockchain networks have reached level social acceptance and usage that greater than their transaction and performance capacity. application developers are turning alternative platforms and solutions search stability transaction processing. new development focused networks, each with their own set apis, are being created and offered application developers. these new networks come with their own api (application programming interface), which developers are required learn. created akroma order continue using the powerful features offered ethereum, the evm, web and more. akroma stable and performant network build applications and around. contents abstract contents disclosure problem overview governance model comparison masternodes oracles technology roadmap conclusion disclosure there akroma ico, pre-sale, any other method for you purchase aka. this document only being created help outline our vision for those that want read the contents our website and medium posts pdf form. the disclosure that follows adapted from what we've found common many ico whitepapers. nothing herein constitutes offer sell, the solicitation offer buy, any tokens, nor shall there any offer, solicitation sale aka any jurisdiction which such offer, solicitation sale would unlawful. you should carefully read and fully understand this whitepaper and any updates. this whitepaper describes our current vision for the akroma project. while intend attempt realize this vision, please recognize that dependent quite number factors and subject quite number risks. entirely possible that the akroma project will never implemented adopted, that only portion our vision will realized. not guarantee, represent warrant any the statements this whitepaper, because they are based our current beliefs, expectations and assumptions, about which there can assurance due various anticipated and unanticipated events that may occur. please know that plan work hard seeking achieve the vision laid out this white paper, but that you cannot rely any coming true. blockchain, cryptocurrencies and other aspects our technology and these markets are their infancy and will subject many challenges, competition and changing environment. will try update our community things grow and change, but undertake obligation so. problem akroma focused finding solutions two main problems facing decentralized application development platforms. the first create sustainable governance model around this new network that avoids the trappings genesis block allocations, pre-mines, and ico fundraising all these methods incentivize founders and early adopters "pump and dump" and move onto the next project. using lessons learned from dash, zcash, bitshares and eos, believe that can build governance model that supports long term sustainability for the akroma project, while still rewarding early adopters. with sustainable governance model, can focus our efforts often underrepresented areas cryptocurrency projects, that include: design, usability, adoption, and application development. overview the akroma team has been working with multiple startups projects that include some connection decentralized platform such ethereum and undoubtedly when get the stage about deciding what platform build the conversation turns gas price, cryptokitties, and ethereum scaling general. looked alternate solutions, alternate public networks, using private networks but decided that since have need, team developers, and the need for some adjustments (oracles, software focus non-crypto consumer), created the akroma project. believe that these adjustments and team offer compelling platform and, such, made akroma public. hope that you can use the akroma project along with us. akroma the platform that the akroma team needs for building applications. you might not need it. governance model comparison platform model result akroma per-block allocation aka allocation happens over-time. ethereum genesis block allocation once value achieved, core team has left project zcash for-profit misaligned with users tezos on-chain fail launch bitcoin none contentious forks masternodes masternodes are common second layer solution adding features blockchain based network. the akroma project intends use this layer masternodes power developer and development related features. these features often require greater levels computation, storage, availability. such, incentivization system has been built into the core akroma protocol that rewards those that host masternode servers with aka. oracles one the first development features that plan add, once have the second layer nodes, the concept oracles. oracles are systems that provide data smart contracts. the goal oracle network develop feature that developers smart contracts can trust enough access the results the data provided them will often the catalyst for moving tokens. oracles are very new concept and there are multiple ways implement oracles. oraclize and chainlink are two unique implementations. develop the akroma oracle offering, expect both these seen competitors and also compatible with the akroma project. technology akroma fork the implementation the ethereum protocol. fork the sense that uses the same codebase; not the same ledger. akroma ethereum litecoin bitcoin. development decentralized platforms growing fever pace. developers look build their application without the side effects network congestion there are few options that arise. the first option build "next to" the network that you are building your application on. the second option consider new platforms that promise better stability. the third option the one that the akroma team took; stand your own network, and make public. all the tools developers use can used akroma. smart contracts solidity web akroma ethereum roadmap the akroma roadmap included provide rough estimation what the akroma core team will working on, what find priority. please expect this roadmap adjusted, do. project status result website launch complete akroma.io web wallet complete wallet.akroma.io mainnet complete status.akroma.io mining pools complete minerpool.net/pools/akroma hard-fork complete, est feb block reward adjustment explorer rebuild est feb akroma.io/explorer mobile app (android) est march playstore masternode mvp est april alpha test sign exchange listing progress community can trade akroma foundation progress stronger governance masternode mvp public est network stability desktop wallet tbd conclusion this whitepaper intended provide single place read about the vision that the akroma core team will working towards. was created because many exchanges require whitepaper and this that whitepaper. akroma not ico, there pre-sale any aka, and there method for the akroma core team accept funds for aka. akroma not working having killer-feature. instead, akroma focused creating stable development platform and development team.