whitepaper hybrid model stablecoins issuing platform version content abstract introduction the importance price stability market prospect and application case stablecoin the huge challenges the stablecoins the vision alchemint the implementation alchemint the architecture the function and value sds sar-intelligent digital asset reserve commercial institutional mode (sar-b) stability and marketization stablecoins institutional customers' intelligent digital asset reserves personal client model (sar-c) sdusd intelligent digital asset mortgage for individual users price stability mechanism the opportunist oracle systematic risk blockchain applications roadmap community governance methods and architecture establishment the alchemint foundation foundation governance principles foundation organizational structure strategic decision committee secretary general technical review committee compensation and nomination committee public relations committee supervisory management committee other operating departments alchemint human resource management system foundation's economic operations source the fund fund use principles financial planning and periodic reporting digital asset management team members and advisors founding team core members advisors main investment institutions contact abstract the huge price volatility the biggest obstacle for bitcoin and other digital currencies become generally accepted means payment. the same time, large number decentralization projects are hard accepted the market due the fact that they use self-issued price-fluctuating tokens tool for value transfer the ecology. encrypted digital currency with stable purchasing power, namely stablecoin, needed solve these problems. there are three existing models the stablecoin solutions including the fiat reserve model, the coinage model and the digital asset mortgage model. however, none these models and related stablecoin projects has perfect mechanism deal with the key issues such stable supply stablecoins long-term stability mechanism. alchemint innovates fourth one open stablecoin platform based the hybrid model. global solution for the development stablecoins the medium and long term. the early stage blockchain development, alchemint mainly empowers commercial institutions through the fiat reserve model which will enable them issue stablecoins meet their own ecological and application needs. with the continuous advancement and maturity blockchain technology, traditional assets will able mapped the blockchain. meanwhile individual information including human credit and behavioral big data will become part personal wealth and preserved asset the blockchain. under the gradual trend asset tokenization, estimated that more than global gdp will preserved the chain the next three five years. this situation, stablecoins issued individuals through digital asset mortgages will gradually replace the stablecoins issued through the fiat mortgage model and become important means for global circulating currency issuance. introduction the importance price stability bitcoin has been development for years since its inception bitcoin was born due the dissatisfaction the existing monetary system and the longing currency marketization. implying from the whitepaper's name "bitcoin: peer-to-peer electronic cash system", nakamoto satoshi's original intention inventing bitcoin was hope that will become means payment. short, hoped would convenient use. the past nine years, supporters bitcoin have placed great hopes this and have made considerable efforts. those efforts came from the private sector, the commercial organizations and even the sovereign governments. unfortunately, bitcoin has never been widely accepted means payment. present, bitcoin has fact become commodity for speculation. from may may bitcoin price rose from low around high nearly with volatility may the lowest price bitcoin was yuan and the highest price was yuan. the monthly fluctuation was the current daily price volatility also around less than nine years, bitcoin price was about million times higher than its birth calculated with price $,. believe that the huge price fluctuations digital currencies and the instability purchasing power (price fluctuation against fiat) are the biggest obstacles their widespread acceptance means payment. the requirement for the stability purchasing power the modern economic system unanimously affirmed the mainstream economists. the total amount currency constant the growth its total amount cannot keep with the growth the economy's demand, this currency will able support the rapid growth the economy and may even cause recession. today's economies, the purchasing power money has remained relatively stable, mainly through the mandatory use legal currency controlled sovereign governments and the use monetary policy instruments regulate the money supply. unlike legal currency, the total amount each digital currency usually fixed. may issued destroyed according certain linear rule but cannot flexibly changed according demand. therefore, the market demand for digital money will cause huge fluctuations its price. uncertain the stability currency's purchasing power, people will reluctant use medium exchange. for example, iphone may now priced .btc usd. the btc price could become btc the next day but the usd price will remain usd. this case, order protect the interests both buyers and sellers, people will inevitably use usd medium exchange. nowadays, considerable number decentralized applications based blockchain technology have taken root various fields such finance, e-commerce, social networking, gambling and artificial intelligence. these projects largely create their own tokens tool for their ecological value transfer. however, because the prices these tokens are unstable, these projects will also encounter problems such low market acceptance and difficult commercial landing. the emergence stablecoins provides these dapps with tool stable purchasing power for value transfer. enables smooth payment the dapps and helps the dapps further accepted the market. therefore, the large-scale application and the landing stablecoins important prerequisite for the entire blockchain industry break away from the concept and speculation stage enter era commercialization. market prospect and application case stablecoin encrypted digital currency unprecedented form currency human history. bitcoin typical representative. compared with the traditional currency, has the following new features. security bitcoin technically realizes the inviolability private property. possessing the private key, one has the absolute ownership the account. long your private key not leaked, one can take your bitcoin nor will anyone possibly seize freeze your bitcoin. cost ownership whether you hold bitcoin million bitcoins, the cost the same. you just need take care your private key. payment cost bitcoin point-to-point payment system based distributed ledger technology. send bitcoin people convenient sending email but without relying third party. peer-to-peer transactions make bitcoin payments fast and low cost anywhere the world. bitcoin also has other characteristics that the traditional currencies have, such stable nature and can arbitrarily divided. therefore, the encrypted digital currency can eliminate price fluctuations and turn widely adopted payment solution, huge market will foreseeably open. means that the blockchain economy will transcend from the concept and speculation stage the phase commercial landing and integration with the real economy. global payment and economy once the price volatility problem eliminated, the advantage the stablecoins such payment convenience will apparent. well-known payment service providers such paypal and alipay have been working hard improve payment convenience. however, these companies still have issues timeliness, high cost and complicated settlement process when dealing with cross-border payment. stablecoins based blockchain technology can solve these problems effectively. alchemint has established extensive partnerships with third-party payment service providers, wallet application providers and digital asset exchanges make payments easier. users from different countries with different wallets will truly connected. alchemint ensures the transactions completed instant, secure and low-cost environment while breaks the boundaries the economies and creates more efficient global market. digital asset exchange during digital asset trading, investors often use dollar tool hedge against the price fluctuation. however, nowadays growing number exchanges not support legal currency trading. therefore, people need stablecoins the exchange hedging tool for their short-selling operation. addition, the united states, japan and some other countries the profit generated digital currency trading will create tax problems. however some countries, there will taxes unless the digital currency converted into fiat. thus stablecoin can also help solve trading tax problems some countries. blockchain financial services due price fluctuations, current digital currencies are not suitable for even the most basic financial contracts. for instance, you can't imagine borrowing bitcoin the price and paying bitcoin back one year later when bitcoin has risen $,. this huge loss for the borrower... due this reason, real applications are rarely seen despite the fact that blockchain closely linked finance. believed that with the spread stablecoins, blockchain-based financial services will flourish. addition the basic lending business, blockchain finance will gradually expand digital asset management and derivatives markets. blockchain ecological economy blockchain practitioners and analysts generally believe that blockchain not just technological innovation; rather brings about change production relations. believed that the entire business and the division labor and cooperation system will greatly changed. will witness the rise great number decentralized apps the coming future, such "blockchain uber", "blockchain airbnb" and other projects the field e-commerce, travel, gaming and on. discussed earlier, projects using stablecoins tool for their internal value transfer will make these dapps more acceptable the market and more friendly end users. besides, ico events the replacement eth stablecoins will effectively reduce the price fluctuation risk for the fund raiser and the investors. comparative analysis the existing stablecoin solutions the importance stablecoins being realized more and more people, some teams launched their own stablecoins projects. these projects have their own characteristics, but they can divided into three models. fiat reserve model tether, trueusd and centre currently issued dollar-pegged stablecoins with legally reserving the same amount dollars. for example, each usdt issued tether anchored and being backed deposit. the advantage this model that can quickly provide sufficient liquidity. but the centralized problem obvious. company that independently holds legal currency reserve, tether has the risk bankruptcy, running away with funds and being freeze banks. possible for tether over issued usdt since the reserve account information not open public. trueusd and centre have tried solve over-centralization problem with the attempts including the introduction multiple member units, commonly holding fiat, commitment regularly publish legal currency reserves and willingness accept audits from third-party agencies. although improvements have been made, this model still inconsistent with the idea decentralization the blockchain and can only used transitional solution stabilize digital currency. digital asset mortgage model bitshares, makerdao and havven issued stablecoins pegged fiat through mortgaging digital assets smart contracts. this model, each stablecoin backed corresponding digital asset. through the risk control mechanism such over-collateralization and compulsory liquidation. means the value each stablecoin which worth can guaranteed with the collateralization digital asset worth least this kind risk control mechanism also guarantees the stablecoins holders' right obtain collateral the process liquidation. compared with the legal currency reserve model, the main advantage digital asset mortgage model the characteristics decentralization. the collateral locked the smart contract. open, transparent and cannot misappropriated frozen. the main disadvantage that the liquidity the stablecoins will affected fluctuations the value the collateral. the moment, the total market value digital assets still small and this model cannot provide sufficient currency liquidity meet the market demand. coinage model basecoin stable cryptocurrency the "coinage privileged model". based the theory "quantity money" and uses mechanism similar the central bank's open market operation called "algorithm bank". basecoin adjust the price influencing the demand and supply stablecoins the market. the following three tokens are needed. share: share holders can get the premier allocation new currency based the amount their share basis: anchored usd the stablecoins. bond: when the price basis lower than usd, the system will issue bond. people can purchase bond with basis. the corresponding basis will destroyed the system reduce the total amount basis and make the price basis upward. when the price basis rises above usd, the system will issue basis. the newly issued basis will first given the bond holders. bond will replaced with basis ratio. after all bonds have been destroyed, the remaining basis will reassigned the share holder. the issuance stablecoins the coinage mode does not depend the collateral. thus this model can quickly provide the liquidity required the market. but there controversy over the coinage model. basecoin forms unfair currency distribution system and creates privileged class (share holders). new currencies are allocated share holders who sell money users. this model does not have the mandatory guarantee the traditional currencies have namely taxation rights and legislative powers. the presence other stablecoins competitors, users will not easily accept this stablecoins with obvious exploitative nature. with the increasing supply basis, capital needs flow continually forward the market, otherwise the price will deviate from the target price. the huge challenges the stablecoins looking the current situation the stablecoins market, believe that there are two key issues the field stablecoins. these two issues will determine whether stablecoins can successful the medium and long-term competition. present, all the stablecoins projects not give answers these two key questions. how increase the supply the stablecoins meet the market needs means payment, the stablecoins itself has some excellent characteristics that traditional currency does not have. therefore, the market demand for stablecoins natural and the current supply stablecoins far from meeting the most basic market needs. tether has issued more than billion usdt taking the largest market share stablecoins. but still far from meeting the liquidity needs digital asset exchanges. therefore, the need sufficient supply stablecoins has become the most urgent issue this stage. although the fiat reserve model currently provides the greatest liquidity, the legal currency reserve account behind the key issue. the demand for stablecoins continues increase, the size the stablecoins has grown from billions dollars hundreds billions. the questions are how ensure that the reserve funds the fiat are still safe and how the amount reserve continues increase the reserve account within the current legal system. without the participation bank and other financial institutions, the amount ordinary institutional holding currency limited. this bottleneck severely restricts the market the fiat reserve model. therefore, the long run stablecoins issuance based the reserve the fiat will eventually replaced the decentralized distribution model unless realized the bank. the model digital asset mortgage solves the bottleneck problem medium and long-term stablecoins supply, but this model has very serious shortage supply this stage. under the digital asset mortgage model, the stable supply will affected fluctuations the market value the collateral. for example, makerdao accepts eth collateral issue stablecoins dai. but because the huge price fluctuations eth itself, the mortgager itself will exposed considerable risk loss reducing its willingness issue dai. dai's circulation currently less than million and can only considered the trial run and cannot put into the market. under the conditions that the total market value all digital assets only billion yuan and the price fluctuates greatly, the digital asset mortgage model cannot solve the problem stablecoins supply the short term. however, with the continuous development the blockchain industry, the following three trends will emerge the future: personal information that cannot vested the traditional internet era can confirmed under blockchain technology and produce value attributable the information owner, such personal behavior information, personal credit information, personal medical information and other privacy information. real assets and financial assets such real estate and precious metals will heavily chained mature system. the increasing share global gdp will transferred the blockchain and stored blockchains the form encrypted digital currencies. when the above three conditions are reached, the digital asset mortgage model will completely solve the current liquidity problem and become important way stabilize the issuance coins. how establish long-term stability mechanism when the liquidity problem, namely the problem "quantity" solved, the stablecoins competition about "quality", that is, stability. without the guarantee long-term stability mechanism, the stablecoins cannot provide enough confidence the market. therefore, whether can establish truly effective long-term stability mechanism the key determining whether stablecoins will ultimately succeed. the fiat reserve model, theory long the legal currency account does not have problems and promises pay, the stability certainly problem. but the problem lies precisely the security the legal account itself: the uncertainty the legal currency account includes running away with the fund, the bankruptcy the bank, the inability rigidly pay. restricts the long-term development this model. present, all the digital asset mortgage models have their stability mechanisms mainly relying speculation and games anchor the price. this stability mechanism also has certain problems. short time span and small market, this model can indeed stabilized the price. small amount money can manipulate the market and protect the stablecoins from the influence the external real markets. however, long the total size the stablecoins expanded, the stability mechanism originally set easy encounter the spiral death, that is, the factors that cause the price the collateral fall are positively correlated and single directional. unless the market has big change the bullish trend bailout, impossible correct the market with its own game power. the key solve the problem not more reasonable stability mechanism, but the achievement the three conditions mentioned the previous section. when the market value the collateral itself expands and the volatility decreases, the incentive issue stablecoins and the liquidity the stablecoins will sufficient. the vision alchemint the currency that only exists the ideal world under the modern monetary system, money special commodity that everyone needs. currency must widely accepted have use value and the public does not have the ability manufacture currency that universally acceptable. for thousands years, money has generally been produced and sold specialized institutions meet people's needs. under this circumstance, the flow new currency generally circulated from the central power the mass market. however, believe that money essentially the standardization and unitization the value all things the world. the abstraction numbers all things the world has enabled the basic disciplines such mathematics and physics flourish. the ability human beings describe the world, understand the world and change the world has never been improved. the standardization and unitization money for all things the world enables people's exchange behavior proceed smoothly, the large-scale division labor and cooperation system realized and the entire human economy develop and progress. ideal world, money special commodity that does not need particularly manufactured but generated the universal mapping the world according standard that can generally accepted. this world, everyone can put their property into through magic pool and will become standard value unit. one can exchange these goods with others. when one wants retrieve the property the magic pool, just needs put back the value unit. the original ownership the currency should owned the owner the wealth. the emergence blockchain technology has made this ideal possible and what alchemint has make such magic pool. back the real world believe that issuing stablecoins collateralizing digital asset the magical way achieve this. therefore everyone has the path manufacture standard value units. alchemint insists the digital asset mortgage model very important stablecoins issuance model. but the same time, also realized that the entire blockchain industry currently its infancy. january according the coinmarketcap.com, there are digital cryptocurrencies circulating various trading platforms with total market value billion. also january apple's total market capitalization was billion. other words, the total market value digital cryptocurrencies currently circulating various trading platforms worldwide not comparable that apple company. from this point view, the total size digital assets this stage still very small. relying solely digital asset collateral far from meeting the market demand for stablecoins liquidity. present the stablecoins market, the largest issue still tether's usdt. despite being questioned, usdt still has market share over with circulation billion. there will more projects like tether after optimization and improvement. believe that the issuance stablecoins through the fiat reserve will most easily realized and most widely accepted mainstream solution the stablecoins market the next two years. therefore, alchemint has positioned itself stablecoins issuing platform based hybrid model. addition providing digital asset mortgage model, also provides stablecoins issuance function based the fiat reserve for institutional users. from the real world the ideal world the positioning alchemint not simple integration various models. have global vision for the development path stablecoins from short long term. believe that with the continuous advancement blockchain technology, traditional currency-denominated physical assets will mapped blockchains the form encrypted digital assets. boldly expect that the next three five years, more than the world's gdp will preserved the chain. when this era comes, the current dilemma the digital asset mortgage model will solved naturally, including the volatility the collateral itself, the insufficient collateral market value and inability resist systemic risks. let the wealth that you own pass through the magic pool alchemint and become currency that everyone can accept and exchange, use and circulate. will become important way issuing money under the global context. this process, addition making alchemint the most popular stablecoins issuing platform the world, the alchemint team will also utilize its own experience from the financial industry and the internet industry for many year promotes global payment and settlement based stablecoins, well the development blockchain financial ecology based stablecoins. the implementation alchemint the architecture alchemint stablecoins issuing distribution platform based hybrid model. alchemint runs neo and aims creating decentralized, open and transparent stablecoins issuance system. alchemint creates high-performance application-level encrypted digital currency and carries out series activities such the mortgage digital assets through smart contracts, the issuance stablecoins and the management collateral risk. alchemint not controlled any organization individual. does not require audit company needs regularly disclose reserve assets. anyone can view the real-time market value the collateral and stablecoin circulation the public blockchain evaluate the overall health the system any time. the alchemint platform itself will not touch any form funding including digital assets locked smart contracts and legal currency assets that are kept third-party accounts. there need worry about the running the alchemint platform including the failure execution and the freezing asset accounts, etc. because smart contracts guarantee that all collateral cannot misappropriated. the same time, stablecoins holders not have worry about the market value the collateral because alchemint has set risk control measures manage the market value collateral ensuring that volatility does not trigger crisis the entire system. alchemint's overall architecture terms the user end, alchemint not only supports individual users issue stablecoins collateralizing digital assets, but also supports institutional users issue stablecoins through legal currency reserves and sds margin. terms the diversity collateral assets, alchemint will use the cross-chain technology map assets each public chain. this technology will not only map assets from the other public chains neo blockchain for mortgage, but will also map stabecoins other public chains. terms diversity stablecoins, alchemint allows stablecoins anchored any asset. the same anchored asset, alchemint will also allow stablecoins issued different issuers with different credit isolated. the issuance different types stablecoins also promotes market competition among stablecoins. allows the market choose the best. the function and value sds sds (standards) the utility token issued alchemint. use the alchemint platform fiat reserve, commercial institutions need lock certain amount sds the sar margin. there will minimum margin ratio required. when commercial institution issues stablecoins, needs pay sds handling fee. the handling fee determined the amount stablecoins issued. the amount sds payed calculated according the sds market price. these sds will destroyed. ing digital assets. when the redemption collateral required, certain amount sds needs payed handling fee. the handling fee determined the amount stablecoins issued. the amount sds payed calculated according the sds market price. these sds will destroyed. when the market value sds reaches certain scale, individuals will able mortgage sds issue stablecoins. operation the alchemint platform the beginning the alchemint platform development, alchemint community not yet mature. platform operation will carried out the alchemint operation committee which consisted finance and technical experts. the later stage, sds holders will able participate the platform operation through voting when community and ecological development mature. the operation issues will grow along with the expansion the alchemint platform, including but not limited the following important issues: adjustment the key risk control parameters the system, such debt mortgage rate, debt ceiling, liquidation ratio and clearing penalty rate, etc. add modify the types mortgage assets. the committee will select reasonable digital currency assets and physical assets. after conducting series professional ratings, the relevant risk control indicators and parameters will given and newly selected assets will added onto alchemint's collateral list. choose trustworthy oracle. alchemint uses decentralized approach obtain the external market price digital assets. this basic setup includes wide range predictor nodes and multiple market price sources. determine the rate which alchemint charges the stablecoins issuers. alchemint committee has the final explanation right the issues that can and cannot voted. sar-intelligent digital asset reserve sar important technical component the entire alchemint system. smart contract based neo contract. use sar complete the lock collateral and the issuance stablecoins. because smart contracts are open and non-tamperable, the entire stablecoins issuance completely transparent and publicly auditable. the alchemint system, the sar will divided into two modules, namely sar-c and sar-b. their logic and risk control models are different. sar-c mainly for individual users who issue stablecoins means over-collateralized digital assets. sar-b mainly for commercial users who issue stablecoins through fiat reserve off the chain and sds margin which will locked smart contracts the chain. the sar-c module, each individual can open multiple sars. each sar requires lock collateral. the maximum amount stablecoins can issued determined the market value the collateral and related risk control parameters. the sar-b module, institutions can open sar alchemint. each sar requires lock sds margin. the amount stablecoins that can issued determined the market value the locked sds and the minimum margin ratio. commercial institutional mode (sar-b) any institution can issue stablecoins the alchemint platform. this whitepaper edition, designed that institutional users are mainly referred exchanges, asset management institutions and stablecoins issuing organizations. these institutions issue stablecoins mainly meet the needs the users their own platforms ecologies. therefore, institutional users are not suitable for issuing stablecoins through digital asset collateral but based legal currency reserves. stability and marketization stablecoins commercial institutions mainly issue stablecoins through the fiat reserve model. different institutions can provide different credit endorsements. the risks stablecoins issued are also different. from the perspective marketization, believe that the market should determine the acceptance various stablecoins. platform, its first function should empower institutions meet the stablecoins issuance needs; its second function should fully disclose sufficient information through technical means, that stablecoins can reviewed and chosen the context symmetrical information. thus for the sar-b model, alchemint's positioning decentralized open platform. believe that stablecoins need diverse and market-oriented. alchemint allows any qualified institution issue different stablecoins that are risk isolated. through market competition, those high quality stablecoins will stand out. the diversity the alchemint platform's stablecoins reflected two aspects: the case anchoring the same asset, there can different stablecoins issued various agencies. there will stablecoins anchoring different assets. the exchange rates among them will exist. institutional customers' intelligent digital asset reserves any institution can open sar the alchemint platform and issue stablecoin with sds locked sar margin. however, most organizations are not able own legal licensed third-party escrow accounts able provide the most rigorous third-party audits. therefore, the stablecoins issued these institutions has certain credit risk. response these risks, alchemint requires institutional users use sds margin secure the amount stablecoins issued. the same time, stablecoins issued different institutions will marked different asset types for risk isolation. the size each stablecoins, the amount the sds margin and the margin ratio are recorded, open and transparent the blockchain. the stablecoins issued institution and are defined three different assets within the system. exchanges and individual users can make choose. these different stablecoins competes the market and the competitiveness comes from the issuer's brand, credit, legal currency reserve disclosure, sds deposit ratio and other factors. issuing stablecoins the process issuing stablecoins institution can described follow. create sar, specifying the name the stablecoins and the anchored assets. lock any number sds sar and sar will determine the maximum amount stablecoins that can issued based the minimum margin ratio. (for example, within the scope the quota, the institution can issue any number stablecoins and the new stablecoins will directly enter the institutional account. the organization can determine the use the stablecoins its discretion. the general use scenario that the institution accepts the customer's legal currency and gives the customers corresponding stablecoins. there legal currency behind the stablecoins support and also source confidence for the stability the stablecoins. the quota has been used up, the institution will not able continue issuing stablecoins. this point, the institution can lock more sds and get more credit. there will minimum sds margin ratio such but the organization can increase the actual margin ratio according its own ability and willingness. can even above higher margin ratio means that the issued stablecoins has better value endorsement and therefore more acceptable the market. the sds margin ratio constantly above but the organization unable produce the audit report the legal currency reserve, will not affect the confidence the value the stablecoins. destroy stablecoins generally speaking when user redeems the legal currency with the stablecoins, the issuer needs destroy that amount stablecoins the sar that the total amount the stablecoins will match the legal currency reserve. when the actual margin ratio higher than the minimum margin ratio, the organization can retrieve part the sds from the sar. credit default when the legal currency account frozen the institution bankrupt which leads institutional default, the issued stablecoins cannot redeemed. this time, all the holders this particular stablecoins can freeze the sar through joint voting and can exchange stablecoins with the equivalent amount sds. the institution's sds margin ratio exceeds the stablecoins holder will not suffer any loss. however, the margin ratio below then all the holders this stablecoins will exchange stablecoins for their respective shares sds and will suffer some loss. since other stablecoins issued other institutions belong different assets, the credit risk the defaulted stablecoin will not transmitted other stablecoins. this case, the institution can endorse the stablecoins through higher sds margin ratio through the institution's own credit gain market recognition. this completely market-oriented behavior. personal client model (sar-c) sdusd sdusd digital currency issued alchemint platform with target price anchored dollars usd=sdusd). the alchemint platform, the stablecoins issued any individual through the mortgage different digital assets are all sdusd. unlike the stablecoins issued the institution, the value behind each sdusd not the legal currency reserve but the excess digital asset collateral. this stage, because the dollar the world's largest liquidity and the best credit, alchemint designed dollar-pegged stablecoins with the digital asset mortgage model. digital asset collateral becomes more mainstream, alchemint will gradually anchor other assets sar-c model. intelligent digital asset mortgage for individual users any individual can issue stablecoins mortgaging digital assets the alchemint platform. the entire process can described follows: the user creates sar and sends neo the sar for mortgage. the sar will create certain amount sdusd based the current value neo and the mortgage rate. for example, under the conditions that user deposits neo usd/neo) and the mortgage rate the sar will generate sdusd. when the user wants redeem the neo asset that originally mortgaged, the user needs return sdusd the sar and pay the corresponding handling fee redeem neo. before redemption, the user can longer use the neo that has been mortgaged. fact, one can misappropriate these collateral. the mortgage value neo the sar falls below the warning line for clearing (for example, the clearing rate set and the value neo mortgages falls usd), the mortgagor needs add neo asset make the collateral value returns above the warning line. the mortgagor does not take the initiative perform additional collateral operations, any user has the right impose mandatory liquidation the sar and charge additional clearing fee. this point, the mortgagor will suffer additional losses due inaction. let's use simple metaphor illustrate. suppose you the bank mortgage your house get loan. when your house value drops close the amount loan you borrow, bank will ask you repay the loan. this point you are unable repay the loan, bank will force your house auctioned. the proceeds from the auction will used repay the loan you borrowed and the rest will returned you. below further illustrate this mechanism from the perspective the account the blockchain and the personal wallet. course, should reminded that sar does not exist the personal wallet but the blockchain. the personal wallet only the application the account data the blockchain and the application the corresponding instructions the blockchain network. case anyone, such alice, can easily create sar using the web console mobile app wallet mortgaging their neo asset the sar. she can then issue/borrow sdusd within the mortgage rate set the system. the neo feed price and the mortgage neo, then alice can issue sdusd with the current mortgage rate the feeding mechanism will described detail subsequent chapters. after alice gets sdusd, she can whatever she wants. for example, she can recharge the exchange buy other digital currencies such neo, btc and etc. can used for payment directly. course, she can also sell the acceptor obtain the dollar. when alice wants retrieve the neo, she only needs return all the sdusd that being borrowed. like other digital assets such bitcoin and ethereum, neo has price fluctuation. when alice mortgages neo borrow the stablecoins sdusd, she needs shoulder the risk neo price fluctuation. the neo price rises, the market value the collateral will higher and the mortgage rate will higher. the risk will drop and there worry about default. but the price neo falls and the value neo collateral not sufficient support the borrowed sdusd, then the price sdusd may fall below dollar which could lead the collapse the whole system. solve this problem, alchemint designed automatic clearing and auction mechanism. when the value the collateral the sar falls below certain threshold set the system (assuming the clearing warning line). suppose the price neo falls from resulting mortgage rate falling from alice needs immediately increase the amount neo return the mortgage rate over alice does not this, neo the sar will automatically cleared and auctioned the system. alchemist repays the sdusd borrowed from the sar alice's behalf and gets extra benefit while alice will suffer extra loss. therefore, alice does not repay sdusd that sar lends her time, the system will liquidate alice's collateral. alchemint ensures that sdusd has sufficient collateral support this way. sar forced liquidate and being auctioned price stability mechanism unlike the stablecoins issued the b-end agency, sdusd not backed legal currency reserve but over-collateralized digital asset. alchemint anchors sdusd the usd through the following mechanism. target price the target anchor price sdusd which usd built into the alchemint platform. the target price has two important roles. calculate the sar mortgage rate. calculate the amount collateral available during the liquidation process. forced liquidation suppose the value the collateral the sar continues fall, the mortgage rate below set threshold (such and the sar owner does not take any measure, order prevent further decline the value the collateral, forced liquidation will triggered. when forced liquidation occurs, the opportunist will use sdusd purchase the collateral the sar. alchemint will determine the amount collateral that can purchased for this settlement based the target price and quantity sdusd. since the target price set sdusd usd, one sdusd can only purchase the collateral that worth usd the liquidation. alchemint's target price and mandatory clearing mechanism have softened the market expectation sdusd around usd. the opportunist the opportunist external participant the alchemint ecosystem which consists individuals and automated programs. since the system generally sets penalty ratio for forced clearing (for example, %), the opportunists will constantly look for sars that trigger forced clearing and arbitrage repaying sdusd. the same time, the opportunists will also trade sdusd around the target price. since the price sdusd and the dollar are soft anchored, the price will also fluctuate slightly following the changes market supply and demand. when the market price sdusd higher than the target price, the opportunists will sell sdusd. similarly, when the market price lower than the target price, the opportunists will buy sdusd. although alchemint has set series risk control measures and the opportunists have the willingness actively "maintenance" under the incentive mechanism, the collateral behind sdusd still has the risk value fluctuation. the market situation where the collateral price plunges rapidly, the opportunists may not able raise enough stablecoins short period time they may not able sell the collateral obtained time. makes the opportunists unable deal with unhealthy sar timely and effective manner. this risk may lead large area sar falling below the net value, resulting the destruction the value the stablecoins. therefore must introduce the ultimate opportunist that the ultimate opportunist can provide the ultimate guarantee. the ultimate opportunist must have two abilities. firstly must have large even unlimited amount stablecoins liquidity and secondly having the ability quickly sell collateral. believe that only large digital asset exchanges can meet the requirements the ultimate opportunist. the exchange has sufficient market depth and can lock the price the same time when handling the sar obtain collateral and selling collateral. moreover because large exchanges have certain ability redeem, alchemint can prefabricate the asset type sdbond smart contracts and the exchange can obtain stablecoins mortgage sdbond. alchemint will give different sdbond credit lines depending the exchange. these mechanisms ensure that the opportunists will have incentive conduct maintenance behavior, while also ensuring that alchemint's risk control mechanisms are ultimately and effectively implemented. the alchemint team has always maintained close working relationship with large exchanges. will invite quality exchanges alchemint's ultimate opportunists and grant them certain amount stable bonds. the same time, this effective final safeguard will also enhance the exchange's confidence alchemint's stablecoins, enabling alchemint's stablecoins quickly promoted the exchange. oracle alchemint's system, large amount information must input from outside the blockchain, such the market price digital asset collateral and the market price sds. the blockchain cannot actively perceive the outside world, necessary obtain price information through external participant and then pass the information into the blockchain. the technical system, this external participant generally referred the predictor oracle. order avoid the risk centralization, the predictor also composed distributed nodes. sds holders can choose the trusted predictor node feed the alchemint platform. systematic risk blockchain applications alchemint built smart contracts and there may potential vulnerabilities bugs smart contract code. the biggest technical risk the early days the system was the failure caused bugs and attacks from malicious technicians code vulnerabilities. system bug logic error the code that causes the system failure. can generally solved test case that fully covered during the development process. the alchemint technical team will follow the most rigorous software test specifications ensure the correctness the system code and logic. but since the test can only prove that the code wrong and cannot prove that the code error-free, the development phase test does not guarantee that there will problems after the system put online. order cope with the fact that some bugs may not been detected, alchemint will set public beta period and only set lower debt ceiling during this public beta period. the purpose not put into production, but have the public test the system. after beta period, the alchemint team will decide when open the debt ceiling based the number transactions during the beta period and the stability the system order get the system into the formal stage production. greater risk the early stage the attack malicious technicians. attackers will look for and exploit system vulnerabilities launch attacks. the worst case the users' assets being stolen lost. because the consequence the exploit serious, the alchemint technical team treats the security smart contracts the most important thing. during the development process, developers will follow the strictest code specifications and conduct internal audits for code increments. before the system put into production, alchemint will hire professional external security team independently audit the code the smart contract. during the beta period, alchemint will organize white hat team conduct offensive testing and reward the vulnerability. although alchemint has very comprehensive technical measures ensure that there are bugs and loopholes, there perfect system the world. even there only one ten thousand probabilities, need anticipate precautions deal with possible problems. therefore, alchemint designed mechanism for system freezing and global clearing. call "system restart". once the system restart triggered, the whole system will frozen. one able create new sar issue stablecoins. the system will initiate period stress, which point the sar holders will able proactively end the sar and retrieve the collateral. after the stress time over, the system will automatically redeem the corresponding collateral for the holders the stablecoins based the locked feed price, thereby restoring the system its initial state. after the bug fixed, the system will reopened. the system restart authority will controlled the alchemintcommittee. when the committee believes that the system under serious attack failure, the mechanism will activated avoid the deterioration the situation and restore the normal use the system soon possible. roadmap are very clear that the management and distribution stable currencies very complicated project. only focus stabilizing the digital currency itself instead its application scenarios and its positioning finance and commerce, the market for alchemint will become very narrow and the changes alchemint brings the world will limited. because this, divide the evolution alchemint into three phases. the first stage (-) called the "genesis". the main task this stage quickly build stable open-architecture stablecoins issuance platform solve the problem the lack stablecoins. firstly, alchemint will empower the commercial organization meet the market demand for stablecoins liquidity specific market segment. secondly, alchemint will build the basic functions based the digital asset mortgage stablecoins issuance module. the second stage (-) called the "expedition". this stage, the issued stablecoins based the legal currency will reach huge scale and there will stablecoins anchoring variety legal currencies. global payment and settlement will use large amount stablecoins medium. this process, alchemint will further enhance its capabilities the blockchain infrastructure and restructure the blockchain financial formats through incubation self-construction. the same time, multilateral interoperable stablecoins network facility formed form currency payment agreement the internet and thus financial ecosystem based stablecoins established. the third stage, call the "elysium". this stage, the ecology based blockchain technology has gradually matured and blockchain economies have already had certain scale and formed closed loop. digital assets have become the only form asset existence blockchain economies. stablecoins will play important role the blockchain economy and become the blood the economy. this time, the real world economy will also generate more convenient commercial civilization due the establishment stablecoins and the entire business ecology will reconstructed the basis stablecoins. blockchain economies and real-world economies will generate broad and close connections through stablecoins and alchemint will become ubiquitous infrastructure this stage. development the alchemint ecosystem kevin kelly's view, the development technological elements symbiosis drives pursue and build value network: while maximizing individual autonomy and collective capabilities are also maximized. whether it's value network any other network, there are two elements: nodes and connections. today, the basic unit the internet everything becomes "flow." this structural change has led people re-recognize these two elements, re-recognize their individual values nodes and rethink how they collaborate with other forces the community. through community autonomy, the purpose sharing wisdom and creating value can achieved. the blockchain opens the prelude the value the internet, enabling users achieve simultaneous arrival information and value, products and brands the community. hope that the alchemint community, the entire feedback process rapid verification and intelligent collaboration among the participants will build the inner core smart business and the digital economy. digital financial ecology: digital currency the anchor the sea alchemint's entire distributed financial ecosystem likened sea, then the blockchain infrastructure the continental shelf and the various application services are the creatures the ocean. the seawater the alchemint's token sds which the basis the normal operation the entire financial community system. based our observations the blockchain industry and the development digital currencies, plan take the following path for ecological promotion: work closely with major international exchanges actively promote the convenience and efficiency stablecoins; cooperate with various commercial organizations with stablecoins demand promote the use sds; expand smart contract service providers and choose one two projects key breakthroughs demonstrate the great value stablecoins credit, cross-border trade, gaming and other services; help and promote the centralized entity assets such gold, real estate and standardized funds mapped the neo chain, enrich the varieties smart asset reserves, achieve relative stability mortgage assets and stabilize price fluctuations; extend and penetrate into the traditional real economy. select some payment institutions and offline merchants who have high acceptance digital currency. project partners and pilot organizations, they will enrich the application scenarios stablecoins. the ecological development tactics, the focus will first few potential areas order reach demonstration effect. let the blockchain practitioners and users first have good experience using stablecoins and gradually establish financial service system the digital currency world. archimedes' views blockchain and stablecoins seeking viable path between ideality and reality since the introduction bitcoin, blockchain technology has been developed for nine years and the practice path from ideas concepts various fields has become clearer. believe that the prelude internet value opened blockchain technology and the revolution artificial intelligence will profoundly affect the overall development the entire society. includes the financial sector and ultimately change our way life and gradually erase the boundary between the physical world and the virtual world. there are also stablecoin projects the market similar alchemint and there are many ideal project designs. but what important that believe any technological innovation, especially the currency sector, must based pragmatism rather than being castle the air. stablecoins should start with solving the problem the currency stability, payment and settlement, becoming bridge between the real economy and the digital economy. landing needs promote market synergy there doubt that the application stablecoins huge stablecoin has huge application space the creation and construction financial systems the digital economy. the creation digital financial system vast ecological project which certainly cannot completed solely alchemint. the recent senate digital currency hearing, the cftc chairman mentioned his testimony that "blockchain technology can ultimately save financial institutions billion infrastructure and operating costs each year." blockchain technology can reduce the transaction settlement cost and reduce the capital requirement billion dollars. the process traditional financial institutions participating the transformation economic activities, will call for and encourage more traditional financial industries actively embrace blockchain technology. there value the field securities settlement, property rights records, network security, records trading and data analysis. believe that stablecoin, part the financial system infrastructure, will play greater role future financial services such securities trading, credit, futures contracts, payment and settlement. community operation methods and architecture how maintain the sustainability the community and the team has always been question for the alchemint team about. can learn from the experience corporate governance structure improve the synergy efficiency blockchain communities and standardize community operational activities. establishment the alchemint foundation the alchemint foundation (hereinafter referred the "foundation") non-profit entity established singapore january the alchemint foundation will serve advocacy entity for the alchemint, dedicated the development and governance alchemint and promote open source eco-communities. foundation operation principles the goals the alchemint foundation's structure are set from the respective the sustainability the alchemint open platform, the effectiveness strategy development, risk management and efficient operation the platform economy. the alchemint foundation relies the following principles its structure: integration centralized operation and distributed architecture the alchemint foundation absorbs the core ideas centralized operation the management structure, including the highest decision-making authority the strategic decision-making committee and the centralized deliberation power major issues improve the efficiency the entire community operation. the functional committee coexists with the functional unit under the daily affairs, the foundation will set resident functional units, such r&d department, market development department, operation department, finance and human resources department, handle daily affairs. the same time, will set professional functional committee make decisions important functional matters the foundation. unlike functional units, functional committees exist virtual structures. members the committee can come from all over the world and not need work full-time, but they must meet the requirements the committee's expert qualifications and can promise attend and express their opinions when the committee needs conduct deliberations. the functional committee will also set regular meeting system ensure the effective advancement major decision-making matters. risk-oriented operation principles risk management will the first important element the research determine the strategic development and decision-making the foundation and the alchemint blockchain. technology with great revolutionary significance, the development blockchain still its infancy, especially important grasp its development trend. the risk management principle ensures that when the foundation makes important decisions, fully considers the risk factors, risk issues and the possibility and impact its occurrence, and formulates corresponding response strategies through decision-making. technology and business coexist the alchemint stabilization coin project based the ideal and closely aligned with the business. the setting the alchemint foundation also follows this aim. the foundation exists non-profit organization, and the foundation hopes its utmost gain recognition from the business world, and feed back the benefits future business applications foundations and communities further advance foundation development and alchemint. transparency and supervision referring the experience the traditional business world, the alchemint foundation also plans set special monitoring and reporting channel (whistle-blower). the designated personnel the strategic decision committee will serve window welcome community participants participate management, participate supervision operations, and report major issues quickly and confidentially. these include but are not limited new breakthroughs recommendations that have significant impact the foundation blockchain technology, community operations issues, crisis information, reporting fraud fraud. the foundation will also disclose and report the operation the foundation and the progress alchemint the community participants through regular reports and occasional press releases. the same time, the contact information the main management personnel the foundation will also fully disclosed and the supervision and liaison all participants will accepted. foundation organizational structure the alchemint foundation responds day-to-day work and special issues through combination professional committees and functional departments. the foundation established with reference the operation traditional entities, and various functional committees will established, including strategy committees, technical committees, remuneration and nomination committees, and public relations committees. the organization structure the foundation includes (as shown below): figure organization structure the foundation strategic decision committee the highest decision-making body the alchemint foundation the strategic decision committee. its main objective negotiate and address important decision-making issues the development the alchemint community, including but not limited to: modify the foundation structure; the formation and rotation the decision-making committee; appointment and rotation resolution the secretary-general the foundation; appointment and exemption executive officer and responsible person each functional committee; review and revision the foundation's charter; development strategy decisions for the alchemint blockchain; changes and upgrades the core technology alchemint; emergency decision making and crisis management agenda. the above important matters need voted the decision-making committee registered vote. each decision-making committee member has one vote and the chairman the foundation has two votes. the decision-making committee must make resolution and must obtain majority the members the incumbent committee. the decision committee meeting shall attended the members the committee. you are unable attend for any reason, you may entrust representative the other committee members attend the meeting. the representative not entrusted, deemed have waived the right vote the meeting. the members the decision-making committee and the chairman the foundation are appointed for term two years and the chairman the foundation may not serve for more than two consecutive terms. after the expiration the term the decision-making committee, the community voted for community representatives based the consensus mechanism the next-generation alchemint blockchain, and then voted select the core members the five decision-making committees. the core staff will make important and urgent decisions behalf the alchemint foundation and will subject credit investigations during the tenure and public pay. secretary general the secretary-general elected the strategic decision-making committee and responsible for the day-to-day operation and management the foundation, the coordination the work the subordinate committees, and the chairmanship the decision-making committee. the secretary-general the chief executive the alchemint foundation's administrative affairs, providing unified guidance and coordination the foundation's day-to-day operations, technology development, community maintenance, public relations, etc., and the various business units and structures. the functional committees the level are connected. the secretary-general regularly reports the policy committee his work. technical review committee the technical review board consists core developers the alchemint development team responsible for decision making, block technology development, open port development and review, technical patent development and auditing blockchain technology. addition, members the technical review board regularly learn about the dynamics and hotspots the community and industry, communicate with participants the community and hold technical exchanges from time time. compensation and nomination committee the establishment the remuneration and nomination committee responsible for determining the selection and appointment key management personnel the foundation. the committee sets the rules procedure, assesses the competency managers, and authorizes appointments. the same time, the committee sets compensation system motivate people who have made important contributions the foundation. the remuneration and nominating committee regularly evaluates the performance all members the foundation, proposes adjustments the human resources structure, proposes different incentives, and recruits and retains talented experts. public relations committee the public relations committee set the goal serve the community, responsible for alchemint technology promotion, alchemint's partnership with partners establish, maintain and exchange resources, and the commercial promotion alchemint. and publicity well community crisis public relations and social responsibility. the committee responsible for regular press conferences, public announcements and inquiries for important matters. the event incident affecting the reputation the foundation, the public relations committee will act unified communication channel issue authorized response. supervisory management committee highly independent and autonomous organization, the supervisory management committee set within the foundation and responsible for independent supervision and risk management the overall operation the foundation. the supervisory board provides daily guidance the foundation's legal and compliance department. the same time, the foundation establishes transparent and open reporting mechanism, and the supervisory committee directly accepts internal and external reporting matters, and takes corresponding investigations and improvements ensure that the entire foundation operates sound and legal environment. advance progress within acceptable risk levels. the supervisory board reports directly the strategic decision committee and does not conflict overlap with other foundation functions. other operating departments the foundation refers the corporate system structure and establishes daily operational departments such human resources, administration, finance, marketing, research and development (or laboratory) units. alchemint human resource management system alchemint committed building the world's most influential open source community ecosystem. ensure the smooth development technology and the continued effectiveness foundation operations, the foundation committed recruiting outstanding technology developers and management talent. recruitment based the characteristics the blockchain without borders, the foundation does not have geographical restrictions the recruitment requirements and welcomes talents from all over the world join. addition individual positions that must recruited locally (such logistics managers), there are principle restrictions work locations and forms work. the same time, the alchemint foundation will continue develop its human resources plans, recruitment procedures and review procedures accordance with best practices human resource management ensure that the foundation attracts the right talent. open source community, alchemint not only recruits full-time developers, but also employs well-known technical consultants. relevant hiring and payroll payments require discussion and resolution the remuneration and nominating committee and sign cooperation terms. foundation's economic operations the alchemint foundation promotes the following key principles economic operations: non-profit; sustainable development; collaborative mutual assistance, resource sharing economically, the alchemint foundation strives break even while promoting the growing community. addition the initial funding obtained during the ico period, the foundation will obtain income from digital assets through community ecological operations, and transparently and publicly distribute the proceeds the various operations community development under the arrangement third-party trust institutions. the alchemint foundation will set full-time financial management team maintain and standardize day-to-day finances and manage the digital assets owned the foundation. the financial management team reports mainly the foundation's strategic decision committee and regularly completes the duties the foundation's financial management reporting and disclosure. source the fund the alchemint foundation's funding sources and main income are divided into two areas: non-recurring operating income, including start-up assets acquired the initial ico, and income from digital asset investments; recurring operating income, including r&d product sales, patent transfer authorized use, academic exchanges and contributions; the following detailed description the main sources income. initial start-up assets total billion tokens are planned for the alchemint token. the distribution plan follows: table alchemint sds distribution plan proportion distributed plan public sale details the proceeds from the public sale will used for the operation the alchemint foundation, including development, marketing, finance and legal advice. private investor private equity investors are investors with significant influence both inside and outside the industry. they will have great guidance and help alchemint projects terms technology and business development. cornerstone investor cornerstone investors provide important incubation and resource support for project development and promotion alchemint. founding team the founding team and the development team made contributions human, resources, material and technology during the development alchemint, the issue tokens was rewarded. development team maintain the ongoing operations and development the alchemint team and community community screening the right industry, strategic deployment, project support development fund and token replacement the industry commercial consultant and legal compliance promotion digital asset investment the ongoing process, the alchemint foundation will allocate approximately capital digital assets invest the blockchain industry, such incubating start-ups, angel investments, and emerging research technologies. the input and on. the proceeds from the investment will also used for community development. fund use principles mentioned above, the alchemint foundation's use funds mainly includes daily operations, technology development, business development and investment. the use alchemint's assets based the principle openness and transparency, with separate accounts and digital asset wallet addresses for use, and the committee oversees the flow digital assets and reports the community regular basis. principle use: the use assets worth more than million rmb equivalent digital assets subject approval the head the financial unit and the secretary general; the use more than million rmb equivalent digital assets subject approval the decision-making committee. financial planning and periodic reporting the financial planning prepared quarterly the finance and personnel management committee and the financial performance the previous quarter summarized and the financial report submitted the decision-making committee for review. digital asset management the digital assets belonging the alchemint foundation are used and arranged the full-time financial staff authorized the strategic decision committee. both digital asset transactions and legal currency transactions are arranged for independent and timely financial accounting. the alchemint foundation's digital asset management will follow the most stringent financial internal controls. the foundation uses multiple signatures ensure the security and accuracy assets. all the legal currency collected will converted into digital assets time and deposited the digital wallet. foundation assets may not deposited personal accounts. digital wallet management based the principle independence, the wallet the alchemint foundation takes multiple signatures. the signature added, must authorized the strategic decision committee. large amounts tokens will put cold storage; small amount tokens safeguard multiple signatures. disclosure each year the foundation will disclose the community the development, operation, promotion and operation the alchemint. for the financial status the foundation, the financial report will produced quarterly basis and the work the annual report audit will disclosed. the foundation established the public relations committee external window hold regular and irregular meetings announce important news items the foundation the public. team members and advisors alchemint the first stablecoin project based the neo public-chain which first exposure has gained highly market attention and support. the consultancy team included experts and veterans across multiple industries such numerous blockchain, internet and financial industry founding team core members alchemint team members mainly from the financial, internet industry, combination between senior industry experts and enthusiastic blockchain lovers with adhering common ideal come together. zhang ting, ceo founder zhang ting has extensive experience the securities, media and internet finance industries. she liberal and serial internet entrepreneur. she has served investment advisor china merchants securities, editor media finance, coo collection wealth and ceo community finance platform. she has extensive experience internet financial product innovation, supply chain finance, asset securitization, risk control system and internet platform operation and management. feng, cto co-founder feng has over years experience information technology and management the financial industry. has served the general manager zhongke soft e-commerce division, senior consultant neusoft group's financial business department and cto renhe zhiben group. cooperated with bitpoint who holds japanese license and opened digital asset exchange mainland china. zhang wei, product director master economics zhang wei holds bachelor's degree accounting and master's degree economics. since has been engaged derivatives investment management and risk control business the futures industry. from was the product manager and investment consultant large internationalized state-owned bank china. has extensive management and practical experience futures trading, stock pledge, debt collateral, risk hedging and derivative product r&d design. steel chen, core development engineer has been ibm senior engineer for years and technical expert the financial industry. has the experience architectural design and project management multiple large financial systems projects. has led the overall architecture design the digital currency trading system and the development high performance matching engine. lei geng, core development engineer lei geng full-stack engineer and senior engineer smart contract development. participated multiple digital currency exchange projects and specializes the development wallet applications and digital asset management. joe wu, core development engineer has more than years development experience mobile applications and network instant messaging systems. expert the communication technology the bottom the blockchain. cheng maoyong, business manager cheng maoyong holds accounting degree from the beijing normal university. has served tax consultant for pwc guangzhou and has extensive experience assisting companies completing tax compliance and foreign exchange control. cheng haoyong began investing bitcoin and actively participated the bitcoin community. has advanced view the application blockchain and community management. musk zhou, product manager founded hangzhou non-stop network technology. was responsible for the no. truck products and got the round financing from dcm and sequoia capital. was the product manager the joint finance with over million users and cash flow over billion. has extensive experience operating and managing internet products. neowo xu, operation manager neowo holds bachelor degree chemistry from the university california and master chemistry from waseda university. has pioneering vision and rich experience digital currencies investment. has participated community operations and ico multiple blockchain projects. good community operations, media cooperation and user management. harvey xu, business manager harvey holds bachelor degree optical information from shandong university and master degree banking from queen mary university, london. worked for china merchants securities mainly responsible for the expansion and docking financial channel resources, such public and private funds and institutional clients the secondary market. has extensive experience business development and customer relationship maintenance. stephen hu, community manager stephen holds bachelor degree computer science from carleton university canada. blockchain enthusiast and did early research bitcoin, neo and other public chain projects. started business the field de-cryptification certification silicon valley. has extensive experience blockchain community operations. john rawls, operation manager john rawls holds master degree finance from hunan agricultural university and bachelor law from nanjing university science and technology. studied overseas chinese culture university (taiwan) exchange student holds the china qualification examination certificate and had interned nanjing intermediate people's court. has made active research cryptocurrencies and stablecoins. wendell maclean, creative director& marketing manager wendell maclean holds bachelor degree economics from rotterdam university. has been bitcoin enthusiast since holds the qualifications google analytics and adwords. maclean versed market research and social media. has extensive design and marketing experience build the brand alchemint. jonathan quali, leader alchemint europe communities jonathan quali holds business management degree. has worked the telecommunication and insurance fields for many years paris. has founded and been running his own consulting firm for over years. early investor cryptocurrencies. good docking resources, finding talents and managing communities. currently actively expanding the european market for alchemint. yoon jae chung, leader alchemint korea communities yoon jae chung holds economics degree from the university massachusetts. was the former international business manager korea telecom, former international business director moum corp, former ceo purplebee corporation and former ceo trueblocks llc. advisors sun ming, legal advisor fenbushi capital sun ming graduated from the law school fudan university has been partner chezoo law firm and acted fenbushi capital legal advisor since mainly engaged mergers and acquisitions, banking and trust, digital currency, blockchain and distributed ledger technology. mr. sun has extensive experience foreign investment and corporate mergers and acquisitions and also the earliest researcher and legal expert crptocurrency and blockchain technology the world. professor wang yanming, ph.d. mathematics from wang yanming was postdoctoral fellow inpeking university and visiting scholar universities countries such mit, the university minnesota and the australian national university. currently professor and doctoral tutor faculty mathematics and finance lingnan college sun yat-sen university and also part-time professor macau university science and technology and nanchang university. also comment expert the national natural science foundation and national natural science award.professor wang yanming's research interests include financial engineering, financial markets and investment, risk management, algebra, information security and cryptography. has published over research papers the sci index source journal. chen yu, juxiu capital founder chen famous angel investor. has invested over internet companies. the "pay revolution" and "wind within jiangnan internet finance" are among the best-sellers the field finance china. has been selected top internet finance influencer for five consecutive years and got listed the hurun fortune magazine and neo council neo internationally renowned non-profit community blockchain project that uses blockchain technology and digital identities digitize assets and make automated management digital assets through smart contracts order achieve "intelligent and economical" distributed network. neo officially launched and then realtime opened source github june neo recognized one the most successful public chain projects, known "china ethereum." currently, the market value neo about billion yuan, ranking sixth the global digital currency market. pauline xu, hayek capital founder pauline the founder hayek capital. she has been doing blockchain research for many years. she also liberalist. liu ming, maggie cso liu ming studied philosophy peking university. the former coo tron and currently the chief strategy officer mag and the founder bpa. bpa the first use dag technology bitcoin try solve the scaling issue payment. cindy fang, fund co-founder cindy fang has master degree accounting the city university hong kong. she worked for baker tilly hong kong and pkf hong kong, participating many annual audits main board listed companies. she has experience formulating and analyzing the valuation and turnover rate the secondary market the cryptocurrency, developing and adjusting relevant investment strategies. main investment institutions contact alchemint official website:http://www.alchemint.io/ alchemint official twitter: https://twitter.com/alchemint_sdt alchemintofficial telegram: https://t.me/alchemint email:service@alchemint.io