all sports blockchain open platform draft for open community review and subject change. notice nothing this whitepaper constitutes legal, financial, business tax advice and you should consult your own legal, financial, tax other professional adviser before engaging any activity connection herewith. neither all sports foundation ltd. (the foundation), any the project team members who have worked the all sports platform (as defined herein) project develop the all sports platform any way whatsoever (the all sports team) nor any service provider shall liable for any kind direct indirect damage loss whatsoever which you may suffer connection with accessing this whitepaper, the website http://allsportschain.com any other materials published the foundation. all contributions will applied towards the foundation's objects, including without limitation promoting the research, design and development of, and advocacy for decentralised, globalised sports blockchain platform which deeply rooted the sports industry ecosystem, enabling free--flow sharing and transmission values all users and participants the industry and variety blockchain--based applications the sports industry, and promoting the safe and harmonious development the open source blockchain community ecosystem. this whitepaper intended for general informational purposes only and does not constitute prospectus, offer document, offer securities, solicitation for investment, any offer sell any product, item asset (whether digital otherwise). the information herein below may not exhaustive and does not imply any elements contractual relationship. there assurance the accuracy completeness such information and representation, warranty undertaking purported provided the accuracy completeness such information. where this whitepaper includes information that has been obtained from third party sources, the foundation and/or the all sports team have not independently verified the accuracy completion such information. this whitepaper does not constitute any offer the foundation the all sports team sell any soc (as defined herein) nor shall any part nor the fact its presentation form the basis of, relied upon connection with, any contract investment decision. nothing contained this whitepaper may relied upon promise, representation undertaking the future performance the all sports platform. the agreement between the foundation (or its affiliate) and you, relation any sale and purchase soc governed only the separate terms and conditions such agreement. accessing this whitepaper any part thereof, you represent and warrant the foundation, its affiliates and the all sports team follows: draft for open community review and subject change. (a) you acknowledge, understand and agree that soc may have value, there guarantee representation value liquidity for soc, and soc not for speculative investment; (b) none the foundation, its affiliates, and/or the all sports team members shall responsible for liable for the value soc, the transferability and/or liquidity soc and/or the availability any market for soc through third parties otherwise; (c) any decision purchase any soc, you have not relied any statement set out this whitepaper; (d) you will and shall your own expense ensure compliance with all laws, regulatory requirements and restrictions applicable you (as the case may be); and (e) you acknowledge, understand and agree that you are not eligible purchase any soc you are citizen, national, resident (tax otherwise), domiciliary and/or green card holder geographic area country (i) where likely that the sale soc would construed the sale security (howsoever named) investment product and/or (ii) which access participation the soc token sale the all sports platform prohibited applicable law, decree, regulation, treaty, administrative act, and/or (including without limitation the united states america, new zealand, people's republic china and the republic korea). the foundation and the all sports team not and not purport make, and hereby disclaims, all representations, warranties undertaking any entity person. prospective purchasers soc should carefully consider and evaluate all risks and uncertainties (including financial and legal risks and uncertainties) associated with the soc token sale, the foundation and the all sports team. the information set out this whitepaper for community discussion only and not legally binding. the agreement for sale and purchase soc shall governed separate set terms and conditions token purchase agreement (as the case may be) setting out the terms such purchase (the token purchase agreement), which shall separately provided you made available http://allsportschain.com. the event any inconsistencies between the token purchase agreement and this whitepaper, the token purchase agreement shall prevail. all statements contained this whitepaper, statements made press releases any place accessible the public and oral statements that may made the foundation and/or the all sports team may constitute forward--looking statements (including statements regarding intent, belief current expectations with respect market conditions, business strategy and plans, financial condition, specific provisions and risk management practices). you are cautioned not place undue reliance these forward--looking statements given that these statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause the actual future results draft for open community review and subject change. materially different from that described such forward--looking statements. these forward--looking statements are applicable only the date this whitepaper and the foundation and the all sports team expressly disclaims any responsibility (whether express implied) release any revisions these forward-- looking statements reflect events after such date. this whitepaper may translated into language other than english and the event conflict ambiguity between the english language version and translated versions this whitepaper, the english language version shall prevail. you acknowledge that you have read and understood the english language version this whitepaper. part this whitepaper copied, reproduced, distributed disseminated any way without the prior written consent the foundation. draft for open community review and subject change. section abstract with the increasing popularity blockchain technology, all sports public blockchain hopes fill the space for blockchain--based applications the sports industry through blockchain technology, which sun--rise industry all over the world. all sports public blockchain makes use blockchain technology, which combines application and business situations sports industry and sports ecosystem chain, and will issue its native cryptographic token all sports coin (soc) for use the all sports public blockchain. with the help smart contracts and token systems, offers both convenient payment and settlement and application development agreement for developers, and planned that the ecosystem will support sports information and community open platforms, sports asset trading and promoting platforms, prediction entertainment platforms, application open platforms etc. developers and ecosystem partners would able develop and access their own applications and resources all sports public blockchain, and realise customer acquisition quickly through information and community open platforms. further, these ecosystem partners may achieve their aim value transfer and token consumption through sports asset trading and promoting platforms, prediction entertainment platforms and application open platforms. the role all sports public blockchain assist developers finish application development and resources monetising through the usage soc with apis key applications. the foundation's aim create decentralised, globalised sports blockchain platform which deeply rooted the sports industry ecosystem, enabling free--flow sharing and transmission values all users and participants the industry, and variety blockchain--based applications the sports industry. the foundation has strong technical capability and offline resources integration capability. has also reached consensus with the world's largest mobile football media and community, the world's top sports betting suppliers and service providers, and the world's top sports stars blockchain cooperation, allowing build all sports public blockchain with strong industry support. draft for open community review and subject change. draft for open community review and subject change. section background introduction and market opportunity background the annual output value global sports industry nearly trillion u.s. dollars, including various categories such competitive sports, recreational sports and emerging e--sports. the market size very huge and covers wide range areas. athletes, clubs, teams, events, brokerage firms, venues, equipments, training institutions and media form the perfect and evolving ecosystem chain sports industry. with the development and growth internet, especially mobile internet, sports industry has been massively migrating from traditional channels mobile internet and expanded continuously through the mobile internet. information, data, live streams, videos and other contents have spread rapidly with mobile internet. with the help mobile internet's capability, social communities and networks sports users the world are built further expand influence and user stickiness sports industry the same time. draft for open community review and subject change. sponsored derivatives (based licensing) well sports betting have become the two largest sources commercial revenue for sports industry. neymar's transfer paris saint--germain for astronomical million euros, floyd mayweather and connor mcgregor's cross--border game made more than million dollars, and dota grabbed over million dollars for the champion. these cases all reflect that sports industry, top ips and top stars contain huge commercial values. every single (individual organisation) this industrial chain has its commercial value, which does not exist independently, but determined demand the industrial chain. the higher the degree demand is, the higher the value assets; the faster and wider the value delivers, the higher the commercial efficiency assets. licensing includes portrait rights, advertising photography, offline activities, authorised derivatives, social media and forth. traditional licensing negotiations relies peer--to--peer communications between advertising agencies and brokers. draft for open community review and subject change. nowadays more than countries and regions the world have declared that betting industry legal. according data from british betting companies, the global betting market estimated reach high billion dollars with the addition various underground betting markets, estimated that the market size has reached over one trillion dollars. the u.s. betting market billion dollars, accounting for the global market, which ranks the first. the related department has said that the global online betting market expected grow rapidly annual rate after investigation and analysis. the global betting market total value and share are follows: draft for open community review and subject change. pain point market sports industry market very huge, online sports information community now the largest application scenarios for users while sports and betting are the best ways for realisation and income sports industry. sports information community the spread sports industry, the exertion its influence, and the interaction between ips and fans have all transferred mobile internet large numbers. however, there are still many problems modes and systems sports information and community the mobile internet, which are specifically follows: the authentication mechanism content value lags behind and now the content media generated centralised platform--generated content model. the definition value based output cost and profit return, which results "factory--type" centralised processing mode. however, there are many subjects involved the spatiotemporal distribution sports information. users' demands for information contents and forms are rich and varied, which makes the cost meeting needs very high. with lack user identity mechanism, online sports communities are closed. draft for open community review and subject change. except for the real iconic characters, users need create their own image from each community, which will lead the slow integration new people into the community and community growth. the system incentive mechanism poor. the largest community members are large number non--kol users who simply speak and quietly praise. these users are handling information, reading posts, giving likes, commenting and sharing help the entire community. however, these activities which build the ecosystem are not fairly rewarded under the current system. difficult for commercial communities commercialise the value which they have created. due the poor structure incentive mechanism and the fragile relationship between sports communities and their large number users, difficult integrate two into one single subject, which makes even more difficult realise during the business process intervention into users. asset trading sports ips although the commercial value sports assets has been recognised the society, there are still many problems the overall development. the concrete manifestation follows: the lack centralised platform for sports assets display their information and the low level transparency information lead the decrease the value many assets, which increases the cost and the threshold for investors and content providers (i.e. games, application, media) (cp) obtain information for transaction and business value the same time well. sports builds primary market its own owners brokers, but sports lacks sufficient resources build secondary market. this the main reason why the commercial value has not been effectively determined and released. sports lacks sufficient market--oriented pricing mechanism and means estimating. under the existing centralised system, the business value strongly depends the point--to--point information transfer separated the broker the marketing team and the cp, and mastery asymmetric information becomes key factor price negotiations. whole, both and not maximise their revenues profits. the value sporting assets largely determined fans and consumers, but there chasm between assets and fans which that there link between the actions fans and the value the sporting asset. fans not share the rise the asset value assets, while assets not drive fans create value quickly. draft for open community review and subject change. moreover, the demand side asset operations also need spend large amount money reach fans and consumers through numerous means after obtaining the authorisation use assets. therefore, the utilisation efficiency commercial value assets needs improved urgently. the difficulty ownership belonging judgement and default risk asset trading process high. the operation and commercial realisation sports assets often have large number cross--border transactions, and the settlement complicated. betting presently, there exists centralised betting service providers consisting large--scale betting establishments that hold licenses countries which are friendly betting activities, and many underground betting companies. however, there are still many problems operation and trading: first all, there are regional restrictions. the regulation currencies various countries has resulted the inability support global betting payments. second place, there are trust issues with payments. users' trust claim payments depends only the trustworthiness the banker and the platform, especially when there risk the complex and long--term payment and delivery. odds and changes handicap are not transparent. betting rules, betting, information concerning betting outcomes are not open and transparent. for dealers there room for fraud and misconduct. the third place, inability pay immediately. with the development time and the change odds, bettors can choose cash advance, but the existing centralised mechanism can only rely dealers' limited repurchase. last but not the least, there are also privacy and security protection. there risk users' privacy and financial security. games applications now most sports games and applications are mobile terminals, but the current mobile ecosystem typical closed ecosystem, which brings some problems sports games and applications: pricing and value users' acquisition process are not transparent, the mainstream cpt, cpa access acquire users need paid advance for draft for open community review and subject change. exposure and start--up, whom takes certain period time clear the actual value users, however. so, there risk loss investment game application production. cps mode, the final effect realisation mastered the traffic side with risk deduction, which makes hard promote the cooperation. more and more games become similar same with each other. games can issue in--game currency freely, large number games are inflating the in--game currency supply deprive users value, rather than creating value for users get rewarded through quality and rich gameplays. difficult get resources. order obtain users and enhance the experience, applications always need the authorisation ip. however, reality there big difficulty acquiring ips, which consequence the opacity asset transactions. draft for open community review and subject change. section all sports public blockchain and soc abstract all sports public blockchain uses soc the medium combine sports industry and the application and business environment sports ecosystem chain blockchain technology. the all sports platform based the use smart contract and token system provide developers with convenient and complete set interface protocols for payment and settlement well application development (the all sports platform) including sporting contents, online community, asset trading and its promoting platform, sports prediction platform, sports apps and gaming platforms, etc. the all sports platform aims use blockchain technology provide open platform services for decentralised sports ecosystem chain, giving all business participants transparent application development services and business realisations through operation blockchain ecosystem chain and tokenisation assets order achieve business goals. all sports offers open--source blockchain ecosystem platform record all participants' interactions the community well participants' transactions different scenarios, such asset trading promotion, gaming and entertainment the use decentralised account. soc major component the ecosystem the all sports platform. soc digitally--encrypted virtual currency based blockchain and smart contract technology that tailored sporting contents, community--based incentives and spendings different scenarios. soc non--refundable functional utility token which will used the unit exchange (e.g. for smart contracts and trade digital assets) between participants the all sports platform the all sports platform. soc does not any way represent any shareholding, participation, right, title, interest the foundation, its affiliates, any other company, enterprise undertaking, nor will soc entitle token holders any promise fees, revenue, profits investment returns, and are not intended constitute securities singapore any relevant jurisdiction. soc may only utilised the all sports platform, and ownership soc carries rights, express implied, other than the right use soc means enable usage and interaction with the all sports platform. soc integral and indispensable part the all sports platform, because the absence soc, there would common unit exchange for services provided the all sports platform, thus rendering the ecosystem the all sports platform unsustainable. draft for open community review and subject change. particular, you understand and accept that soc: (a) non--refundable cannot exchanged for cash (or its equivalent value any other virtual currency) any payment obligation the foundation any affiliate; (b) does not represent confer the token holder any right any form with respect the foundation (or any its affiliates) its revenues assets, including without limitation any right receive future revenue, shares, ownership right stake, share security, any voting, distribution, redemption, liquidation, proprietary (including all forms intellectual property), other financial legal rights equivalent rights, intellectual property rights any other form participation relating the all sports platform, the foundation and/or its service providers; (c) not intended representation money (including electronic money), security, commodity, bond, debt instrument any other kind financial instrument investment; (d) not loan the foundation any its affiliates, not intended represent debt owed the foundation any its affiliates, and there expectation profit; and (e) does not provide the token holder with any ownership other interest the foundation any its affiliates. the contributions the token sale will held the foundation (or its affiliate) after the token sale, and contributors will have economic legal right over beneficial interest these contributions the assets that entity after the token sale. the extent secondary market exchange for trading soc does develop, would run and operated wholly independently the foundation, the sale soc and the all sports platform. the foundation will not create such secondary markets nor will act exchange for soc. draft for open community review and subject change. open platform for contents and community the open all sports platform for contents and community will comprise the all sports public blockchain which allows third parties build their decentralised applications, with soc used the medium exchange well the incentive incentivise ecosystem community building. the all sports platform will combine platform--generated content, user--generated, and developers provide contents information, community features, live play, data and other services attract and retain users well provide service for consumption scene. these processes would require open and transparent pricing system designed for various aspects such content supplement, interactive supplement and service consumption. all incentives paid all sports platform will settled soc. users: online activities which promote the development the ecosystem the all sports platform (e.g. reading, evaluating, sharing, and reporting spams various content topics) will tagged. tags will classify the behavior users open and transparent manner, and users will obtain soc incentives for positive behaviour. soc required pay for community items when using community apps, and soc will deducted when users post spam information and violate community rules. platform--generated content: flexible dynamic registration and fragmented production are reflected. higher quality content rewarded more soc, thus promoting the generation higher quality content the all sports platform. draft for open community review and subject change. platform--generated content would have provide assurance payment soc before being given access the initial distribution. contents will examined through objecting criteria such clicks received, number times shared reported users, well other interactive feedback means. higher quality content will rewarded with extra soc, while poorer quality content will lead deduction assurance payment. developer: developers are able develop third party applications and services the all sports platform, and offer them for use users (e.g. variety community services, such emojis, live score push notifications). payment for these applications and services will made soc (based usage service), and developers distributing and promoting their own services would need pay soc the all sports platform for service fee. all sports platform: for each transaction the ecosystem all sports platform, the platform will charge certain service fee, which will applied towards the objects the foundation (including development ecosystem, expansion, well construction, maintenance and development all sports platform). sports asset trading platform sports asset trading platform connects the sports asset owners, supporters, fans, content providers fulfil the integration industry resources, the delivering values and the promotion the sports industry development well evolution. the platform based the all sports public blockchain and soc. consists asset display platform, asset distribution platform (primary market), asset transactions (secondary market), and authorised transaction centre. draft for open community review and subject change. platform features asset display platform: portal entrance with content information service, search and inquiry service, making the information assets fully transparent and facilitating the value transmission and diffusion. asset distribution platform (primary market): platform first release the assets and distribute them through the form additional token. the total number each token fixed, while the proportion the initial distribution shares cannot too much nor too little. payment through soc the only way supported the platform. asset trading platform (secondary market): circulating tokens are introduced. supporters and fans are able trade tokens the trading platform with soc, bring the price assets line with the market. authorised transaction centre: asset owners set the reserve price settled tokens minutes derive the total amount time. what's more, owners should execute that their authorised materials with time share, that can redeem them after purchase cps who have gained authorisation can purchase tokens through the secondary market and also able purchase the licenses. economic system party with assets enroll asset distribution platform and then issue tokens which are named draft for open community review and subject change. after the respective ip, exchange for soc from supporters and fans. thereafter, the issued tokens would enter the secondary market. set the reserve price settled tokens and also the total amount time; execute that their authorised materials with time share, that can redeem them after purchase. publish information regular basis according the size transactions authorisation regularly release all rights proceeding. attract fans and supporters onto the platform with ip's own influence encourage more asset trading activities. supporters and fans buy and sell tokens asset trading platforms through soc held, and potentially share the value the underlying ip. cps buy tokens the asset trading platform and then bid for the authorisations authorised transaction centre, order entitled use that their own products and services order achieve commercial realisation. attract supporters and fans their own products and services that precise promotion and the empowerment can achieved. all sports platform charge each transaction transaction fee, which will the foundation for follow--up platform construction and maintenance, expansion platform ecosystem partners and more cooperation inclusion order enhance the overall ecosystem value. prediction and entertainment platform all sports prediction and entertainment platform set ecosystem services built the all sports platform, public blockchain and soc. provides the world with underlying and basic technical services for sports prediction and entertainment. the market volume user base for sports prediction very large, which provides strong economic base and broad application prospects for this service. ecosystem composition draft for open community review and subject change. global prediction and entertainment providers can implement various online entertainment scenarios and applications through api (application programming interface) and sdk (software development kit) provided the all sports platform. users can participate prediction markets organise their own prediction games through the usage soc. service system network platform: the prediction platform the all sports platform focuses the global online market, and intends build full--dimensional and matrix network prediction service system. addition building the underlying sdk based the all sports public blockchain, also provides customised user--end application, including but not limited end, webpage, app(ios android), mini programme, etc. also supports various consumer--to--consumer otc activities with underlying technology. third--party vendor access: for all sports prediction providers worldwide, game makers and other non--blockchain online prediction platforms around the world, all sports public blockchain provides smart contract templates and frameworks, application components, customised apis and sdks reduce the threshold online prediction game development. network distribution: for worldwide intermediaries, provides smart distribution system, including user overview, offline management, commission settings, financial sub--accounts and other functions. draft for open community review and subject change. advantages blockchain technology open, transparent and without tampering: blockchain technology can guarantee prediction participants (wallet address), prediction rules, betting, results and other information will set out open, transparent and tamper--proof manner. envisaged that all sports public blockchain would completely erase obsolete bad habits such cheating, fraud, etc., well allegations faced innocent online prediction platforms and the dealers. also, based completely open and transparent environment that supervised the public, all sports platform aims rebuild the reputation the sports prediction industry, enhancing participants' contractual spirit and maintaining good platform order. smart contract delivery: through customised smart contract achieve variety gaming scenarios and different levels complexity the code delivery and the usage the all sports public blockchain, the all sports platform can prevent the risk default among participants, ensuring the interests all parties can deducted delivered safe, timely and smooth platform. the default smart contract can also used implement the forward code delivery. once the trigger condition reached, the smart contract will executed will provide evidence right away. encryption protection: wallet address (representing participants), digital tokens and other blockchain data are the encryption features that can effectively protect the information security all participants, enhancing the reputation the platform and improving the service level the platform. more traditional geographical restrictions: users can either play through any client ends all sports public prediction entertainment platform (collectively referred otc) anytime, anywhere, play through the blockchain wallet using token self--organise consumer--to--consumer's otc game. this allows people around the world overcome the geographical barriers and use their fragmented time anytime, anywhere participate. applications and games' open platform third party developers will able use sdk and api interfaces provided the all sports public blockchain develop applications and games. these applications and games may promoted users the all sports platform and/or charge users draft for open community review and subject change. usage fee through the payment soc. all games and apps provided cps and also the props and functions these games use soc for open and transparent pricing. all users' consumer behaviors are decentralised through the all sports platform. the non--privacy information and attributes all users the platform are all publicly available the cp. therefore, can directly acquire target users and thus their promotion. exclusive wallet the all sports platform will offer digital wallet assist members the community (including users and third party developers) manage their soc. basic features such viewing amount, transfer, etc. soc can realised. also helps participants manage their own accounts, well use payment for wide range apps and consumer scenarios across the platform. result, becomes unified wallet system for the entire platform, recording the users' income and expenditures and the flow soc. technical realisation blockchain technology used record all trading information and user information the open all sports platform native decentralised ledger. submitting smart contract, specifies basic open--economy rules for the entire platform, addressing the trading and incentive issues various communities and consumer scenarios the platform, and ensuring that the ecosystem the entire platform open and transparent. distributed database will store media information large capacity. these include basic information about community and contextual user profiles, contents published platform--generated content and user--generated content, live streaming, asset trading, prediction entertainment, gaming and the needs third party application. based blockchain technology and distributed repositories, the all sports platform set basic clearing systems and open platform interface protocols supported smart contracts and token systems, and the earliest developers will set the rules and start off the development. application layer bases itself the all sports public blockchain implement various applications. start--up members will work team first develop applications such information (contents) and community applications, asset trading, business applications such prediction entertainment, live broadcast applications and wallet draft for open community review and subject change. applications, etc. anyone and any third party software can contribute their own applications the platform all sports public blockchain. draft for open community review and subject change. section partners the ecosystem platform concurrently with the launch the all sports platform, the foundation has struck strategic partnership with all football, the world's largest football media and community. all football will the first gain access the information and community open platform and the games/apps open platform. the date writing, all football has nearly million loyal fans worldwide, mainly england, argentina, nigeria, ghana, spain and other english and spanish speaking countries, with approximately million daily active users. manchester city, west bromwich albion, schalke rcd espanyol, crystal palace, birmingham city, cardiff city, leeds united clubs have all settled all football. top ips such cristiano ronaldo, roberto baggio and inter milan have signed and gained access into the asset trading platform. the one hand, the foundation will work hard exert influence attract fans the all sports platform; the other hand will strive recruit more well--known assets enhance the ecosystem the all sports platform. the world's top providers sports prediction information and services will able gain access all sports prediction entertainment platform. the prediction entertainment platform, third--party entertainment service providers may grant access their products and enrich the types games make the ecosystem more vibrant and ful--filled. the same time, third--party service providers can support soc through their sdks apis their own web--based platforms. draft for open community review and subject change. section all sports public blockchain foundation the establishment all sports foundation considering the internationalisation the all sports platform and native public chain, the foundation had been established singapore. the foundation devotes itself the research, design and development of, and advocacy for decentralised, globalised sports blockchain platform which deeply rooted the sports industry ecosystem, enabling free--flow sharing and transmission values all users and participants the industry and variety blockchain--based applications the sports industry, and promoting the safe and harmonious development the open source blockchain community ecosystem foundation structure the foundation structure all sports public blockchain foundation includes operational processes and protocols for everyday work and special situations. functions various committees board directors: study and formulate long--term plans, manage the use resources for the development the all sports platform, constitute regulations and management systems, analyse and approve the feasibility new projects, and manage daily operations all sports public blockchain. draft for open community review and subject change. risk control committee: research and formulate risk control strategies, develop risk control standards, review overall operational risks, convene risk review meetings for projects and reveal the outcomes reviews. compensation and personnel committee: formulate and modify remuneration, incentive programs, audit institutions and post settings, take charge staff recruitment. audit committee: responsible for operational audit, financial audit, and code audit. draft for open community review and subject change. section team introduction and advisory group early contributors and advisory team: draft for open community review and subject change. section development plan and timetable development plan for all sports platform and public blockchain. update the plan and timetable time event completion underlying structure design. secure more than one partners for soc for using and consumption. develop and improve the platform and relative application for sports betting and entertainment platforms. increase incentives for the support the underlying system. complete the soc's opening and thus increase relative incentives society, etc.. start the development sports entertainment application order promote wider scale sports betting and entertainment. secure business partners. beta version the sports entertainment platform goes online and starts testing. completion public blockchain development and beginning testing. completion relocation public blockchain. completion development sports prediction entertainment platform. draft for open community review and subject change. section token release plan billion soc will issued total, and distributed follows: soc issued million) will sold the private sale, maximum purchasers. soc issued million) will held the foundation for ecosystem incubation, incubation, marketing, commercial development, legal compliance, etc. maintain the rapid prototyping and subsequent healthy and sustained development communities and the entire ecosystem the all sports platform. soc issued million) will issued incentivise and motivate the founding and development team. the all sports team has done much work terms project design, resource organisation, incubation the pre--commercial environment and various other aspects, and continuously input manpower resources, intelligence and material inputs shaping the ecosystem. this incentive will released over four years one quarter will released the first year, and one quarter will released each year thereafter. draft for open community review and subject change. section risks you acknowledge and agree that there are numerous risks associated with purchasing soc, holding soc, and using soc for participation the all sports platform. uncertain regulations and enforcement actions the regulatory status soc and distributed ledger technology unclear unsettled many jurisdictions. impossible predict how, when whether regulatory agencies may apply existing regulations create new regulations with respect such technology and its applications, including soc and/or the all sports platform. regulatory actions could negatively impact soc and/or the all sports platform various ways. the foundation (or its affiliates) may cease operations jurisdiction the event that regulatory actions, changes law regulation, make illegal operate such jurisdiction, commercially undesirable obtain the necessary regulatory approval(s) operate such jurisdiction. after consulting with wide range legal advisors and continuous analysis the development and legal structure virtual currencies, the foundation will apply cautious approach towards the sale soc. therefore, for the crowdsale, the foundation may constantly adjust the sale strategy order avoid relevant legal risks much possible. competitors possible that alternative networks could established that utilise the same similar code and protocol underlying soc and/or the all sports platform and attempt re--create similar facilities. the all sports platform may required compete with these alternative networks, which could negatively impact soc and/or the all sports platform. loss talent the development the all sports platform depends the continued co--operation the existing technical team and expert consultants, who are highly knowledgeable and experienced their respective sectors. the loss any member may adversely affect the all sports platform its future development. failure develop there the risk that the development the all sports platform will not executed implemented planned, for variety reasons, including without limitation the event decline the prices any digital asset, virtual currency soc, unforeseen draft for open community review and subject change. technical difficulties, and shortage development funds for activities. security weaknesses hackers other malicious groups organisations may attempt interfere with soc and/or the all sports platform variety ways, including, but not limited to, malware attacks, denial service attacks, consensus--based attacks, sybil attacks, smurfing and spoofing. furthermore, there risk that third party member the foundation its affiliates may intentionally unintentionally introduce weaknesses into the core infrastructure soc and/or the all sports platform, which could negatively affect soc and/or the all sports platform. other risks addition the aforementioned risks, there are other risks (as more particularly set out the token purchase agreement) associated with your purchase, holding and use soc, including those that the foundation cannot anticipate. such risks may further materialise unanticipated variations combinations the aforementioned risks. you should conduct full due diligence the foundation (and its affiliates), the all sports team, understand the overall framework and vision for the all sports platform prior purchasing soc. draft for open community review and subject change.