robo-advisor marketplace based and big data. project introduction disclaimer: this document internal document. please not repost the document others. otherwise all the losses caused the consequences are undertaken yourself. alphacat reserves the right pursue the legal obligations and claims for any related financial losses there any harm and loss alphacat (including but not limited reputation, economy, etc.) table contents introduction alphacat project summary ............................................................................................... alphacat meaning ............................................................................................................ alphacat success .............................................................................................................. market background problem statement the financial technology monopoly................................................................................ ... ordinary investors can not enjoy the benefits financial technology ............... ... creators cannot get direct rewards .................................................................... lack solutions digital currency markets .................................................................. what alphacat acat-terminal ............................................................................................................... acat-engine .................................................................................................................. acat-store (marketplace) ............................................................................................. alphacat marketplace alphacat marketplace participants ................................................................................ ... architects/engineers (financial experts/programmers) .................................... ... surveyors (professional investors) .................................................................... ... ordinary investors............................................................................................. economic model the acat token .............................................................................. ... architects/engineers (financial experts/programmers) .................................... ... surveyors (professional investors) .................................................................... ... investors (ordinary investors) ........................................................................... alphacat benefits and achievements ..platform benefits ............................................................................................................ based advanced financial technology .......................................................... based decentralized community experts and researchers ................... based open development platform ........................................................ based blockchain technology ....................................................................... ..achievements ................................................................................................................. disclaimer: this document internal document. please not repost the document others. otherwise all the losses caused the consequences are undertaken yourself. alphacat reserves the right pursue the legal obligations and claims for any related financial losses there any harm and loss alphacat (including but not limited reputation, economy, etc.) development and roadmap alphacat tokens allocation alphacat tokens ........................................................................................ allocation raised tokens ........................................................................................... team management structure core team members ..................................................................................................... fund governance structure ........................................................................................... risk disclosure and disclaimers risk disclosure and recognition................................................................................... disclaimer .................................................................................................................... disclaimer: this document internal document. please not repost the document others. otherwise all the losses caused the consequences are undertaken yourself. alphacat reserves the right pursue the legal obligations and claims for any related financial losses there any harm and loss alphacat (including but not limited reputation, economy, etc.) preface human history, the establishment, popularization, and development each new financial system involves going through period where must gradually recognized more and more users. prices experience small and large fluctuations and investment behavior shifts from subjective trading trading using new financial technology, such quantitative and automated trading. believe that with the rapid development the blockchain industry, digital currencies and digital assets based fairness, honesty, and security will become important part the future global financial system. however, there gap the market realizing financial analysis, risk management methods and tools for the digital currencies and digital assets world using advanced financial technology. this context, alphacat was born. disclaimer: this document internal document. please not repost the document others. otherwise all the losses caused the consequences are undertaken yourself. alphacat reserves the right pursue the legal obligations and claims for any related financial losses there any harm and loss alphacat (including but not limited reputation, economy, etc.) introduction ..alphacat project summary alphacat the most advanced a.i. robo-advisor marketplace for simple-to-use yet powerful applications and services focused cryptocurrencies. developed truly stellar team and built with the neo platform, alphacat provides platform which gives its users competitive edge leveraging proven and patented trading algorithms, combined with advanced artificial intelligence and big data technologies. the goal alphacat make investing cryptocurrency easy and accessible for everyone, regardless their background experience. alphacat plans disrupt and revolutionize the fintech (financial technology) industry offering complete eco-system for digital assets based financial applications and services. will serve platform for all levels investors make informed investment decisions, using its robo-advisor services, and also serve full-scale development platform for future service creators who seek utilize these powerful tools and datasets, typically reserved for large financial institutions until now. ..alphacat meaning the origin the name alphacat, where 'alpha' the financial sector means excess returns, and cat the abbreviation computer aided trading. that means using robot instead people hours day investment transactions, achieve the excess returns. ..alphacat success soon the alphacat project was launched, has received more than twenty institutional and individual investments, including node capital, chainfunder, preangel capital, chainlinker fund, waterdrip capital, aware capital, probing vc, finance, roots capital, alpha connect, next blockchain fund, cfun, bit fund, block vc, ripple capital, shen- the founder fenbushi venture capital, richard- the partner dfj dragon fund. disclaimer: this document internal document. please not repost the document others. otherwise all the losses caused the consequences are undertaken yourself. alphacat reserves the right pursue the legal obligations and claims for any related financial losses there any harm and loss alphacat (including but not limited reputation, economy, etc.) disclaimer: this document internal document. please not repost the document others. otherwise all the losses caused the consequences are undertaken yourself. alphacat reserves the right pursue the legal obligations and claims for any related financial losses there any harm and loss alphacat (including but not limited reputation, economy, etc.) market background quantitative investment financial technology developing rapidly, which constantly changing the mode investment over the past decade so, with the development financial technology, financial markets have been paying more and more attention data. investing quantitative transactions, which realized through the analysis big data, has grown the most successful trading strategy. the past few years, the share quantitative transactions, the market value investments held, rose from ubs trading floor years ago today investment management using financial technology proven more effective than traditional, subjective investment management. the reality that human traders will never able compete with companies that have the advantage high-frequency trading robots their disposal. the robots have the ability work -hours day and analyze massive amounts big data, which results quicker decision implementation lower cost. additionally, continuously monitoring the markets without rest, and avoiding the downfall emotional trading, the robots traders are better managing risks and avoiding "black swan" events. disclaimer: this document internal document. please not repost the document others. otherwise all the losses caused the consequences are undertaken yourself. alphacat reserves the right pursue the legal obligations and claims for any related financial losses there any harm and loss alphacat (including but not limited reputation, economy, etc.) picture above: alphago artificial intelligence robot designed deep mind defeated the human world champion. disclaimer: this document internal document. please not repost the document others. otherwise all the losses caused the consequences are undertaken yourself. alphacat reserves the right pursue the legal obligations and claims for any related financial losses there any harm and loss alphacat (including but not limited reputation, economy, etc.) problem statement ..the financial technology monopoly ... ordinary investors can not enjoy the benefits financial technology although the advantages financial technology are obvious, most ordinary investors cannot directly use financial technology their daily transactions, because they lack the expertise, information, data, personal energy, and resources that are generally only available large financial institutions and high net-worth investors. ... creators cannot get direct rewards additionally, professional financial technology inventors are limited working for large financial institutions, such large banks and funds. although their inventions have been very successful and have been verified through successful models and cases, they are still subject segregation within the market, and cannot promote their successful inventions and profit from them directly. present, there platform that exists with the quality control the market that can ensure that customers can get high quality forecasting applications and services, place where researchers can publish their work independently. ..lack solutions digital currency markets now, there institute which focusing applying financial technology the realm digital currency management and investment. with the rapid development the blockchain industry. "we believe that the market value cryptocurrencies will exceed one-trillion u.s. dollars the near future. financial technology will used not only for the invention and formation financial instruments and derivatives based digital currency, (such futures, funds, fofs and insurance), but also for the realization new investment and trading strategies. for this future have built alphacat!" disclaimer: this document internal document. please not repost the document others. otherwise all the losses caused the consequences are undertaken yourself. alphacat reserves the right pursue the legal obligations and claims for any related financial losses there any harm and loss alphacat (including but not limited reputation, economy, etc.) what alphacat alphacat platform that brings the advantages financial technology into the digital currency world. once reserved for large financial institutions, these advantages would made accessible everyone. alphacat full-scale development platform for financial experts build, deploy and monetize from applications and services focused digital assets, built using alphacat's powerful acat-engine. alphacat also marketplace where investors all levels can buy, use and rate these applications and services. alphacat's "crypto-power-tools" will give users competitive edge the digital trading market, allowing them reach higher returns with better trading decisions. alphacat solutions alphacat plans disrupt and revolutionize the fintech industry offering complete ecosystem for digital-assets financial applications and services. ..alphacat-terminal the acat-terminal similar other enterprise level financial terminals such wind and bloomberg, and specifically focused cryptocurrencies. the acat-terminal database delivers complete coverage digital assets, capturing, classifying and encapsulating thousands datasets, provides the powerful insight needed understand and navigate the complex digital market world. ..alphacat-engine our financial engine the core our platform, running and combining the results from thousands artificial intelligence trading robots and leveraging years experience, patented trading algorithms, big-data analysis and other technologies not yet commercially available the world. this powerful financial engine will allow future developers easily design and deploy their own investment applications and services, making them readily accessible anyone using the platform. disclaimer: this document internal document. please not repost the document others. otherwise all the losses caused the consequences are undertaken yourself. alphacat reserves the right pursue the legal obligations and claims for any related financial losses there any harm and loss alphacat (including but not limited reputation, economy, etc.) ..alphacat-store (marketplace) the marketplace, also known the acat-store, where all investors, regardless their background experience, can buy various ai-powered financial applications and services built with the acat-engine and sold the acat-store financial experts and developers known architects and engineers. these applications and their performance will evaluated and rated users, creating ever-improving, selfsustaining and fully decentralized marketplace for "crypto-power-tools". "alphacat's technological capabilities and services are the forefront the fields related the quantitative investment fintech, and the digital assets the blockchain." disclaimer: this document internal document. please not repost the document others. otherwise all the losses caused the consequences are undertaken yourself. alphacat reserves the right pursue the legal obligations and claims for any related financial losses there any harm and loss alphacat (including but not limited reputation, economy, etc.) alphacat marketplace ..alphacat marketplace participants the marketplace will built around three types users: ... architects/engineers (financial experts/programmers) thesis creators who will generate the basis for algorithms based their contextual understanding non-obvious financial information. algorithm creators, who will quantify investment theses into executable algorithm. ... surveyors (professional investors) users who seek use the analysis generated algorithms inform their investment decisions other research. ... ordinary investors digital investment traders who can use these applications and services, regardless their background experience. disclaimer: this document internal document. please not repost the document others. otherwise all the losses caused the consequences are undertaken yourself. alphacat reserves the right pursue the legal obligations and claims for any related financial losses there any harm and loss alphacat (including but not limited reputation, economy, etc.) ..economic model the acat token alphacat tokens are referred "acat," the currency used variety scenarios the platform. additionally, acat tokens can circulated and traded secondary markets. ... architects/engineers (financial experts/programmers) architects/engineers will required stake acat tokens publish their own inventions and research results the platform. they will obtain acat tokens reward after the users use their research results based performance. the more the research results are accessed, the more rewards they will get. architects can stake acat tokens open opportunities for engineers develop their strategies. architects engineers can pay for related development tools using the acat tokens ... surveyors (professional investors) acat tokens will awarded for subscribing and distributing architects' engineers' inventions. investors (ordinary investors) common investors will pay acat tokens for the use specific services the platform. for example: architects/engineers release forecast investment tool the probability the rise and fall btc eth the alphacat platform. the docking with relevant agreements the exchange will realized the alphacat platform. ordinary investors can complete the trading the investment strategy pressing single button, long they have subscribed for access the tool. architects/engineers can set certain amount acat tokens staked for this tool and will also stake acat tokens unlocked based the accuracy the actual investment and receive user staked tokens pro-rata reward. disclaimer: this document internal document. please not repost the document others. otherwise all the losses caused the consequences are undertaken yourself. alphacat reserves the right pursue the legal obligations and claims for any related financial losses there any harm and loss alphacat (including but not limited reputation, economy, etc.) the same time, architects/engineers can invite surveyors evaluate and share their applications after releasing their applications and pay certain amount acat tokens. the alphacat platform regularly rewards acat tokens the best architects/engineers/surveyors based the accuracy and consistency their performance. disclaimer: this document internal document. please not repost the document others. otherwise all the losses caused the consequences are undertaken yourself. alphacat reserves the right pursue the legal obligations and claims for any related financial losses there any harm and loss alphacat (including but not limited reputation, economy, etc.) alphacat benefits and achievements ..platform benefits ... based advanced financial technology recognizing the potential diversity the field quantitative analysis, are continuing develop alphacat, and will utilizing ai, blockchain, big data analysis, and other technologies not yet commercially available the world. the application these technologies has shown superior cost and efficiency against traditional investment means and methods. ... based decentralized community experts and researchers alphacat will use its own team experts initially, provide certified financial forecasting and trading models and applications, but will also look include ever growing number approved third-party researchers publish and monetize their own financial applications and services. the same time, the alphacat platform will encourage the users these applications and services conduct valuable reviews and evaluations the performance these "crypto-power-tools", share them and get rewarded for publishing their evaluations. the alphacat ecosystem will provide the resources, well the incentives this, thus supporting and creating decentralized platform. ... based open development platform alphacat will develop full-scale development platform that will provide creators the resources develop, test and deploy their algorithms. the platform will include relevant standards and incentives based invention, quality management, settlement, statistics, sharing, etc. will also establish series foundational tools for approved third-party researchers allow them the convenience create professional investment strategies their own field. ... based blockchain technology alphacat decentralized application marketplace built neo, where approved third-party researchers and reviewers use their expertise their respective fields disclaimer: this document internal document. please not repost the document others. otherwise all the losses caused the consequences are undertaken yourself. alphacat reserves the right pursue the legal obligations and claims for any related financial losses there any harm and loss alphacat (including but not limited reputation, economy, etc.) create firm and secure investment papers and publish them for the community. their innovations will shared and maintained the neo blockchain. the neo blockchain protects their intellectual property, allowing them benefit from their years work. future markets will allow daily investors grow from this flow information. the neo blockchain will also protect the privacy and information security investors and maintain fairness and verifiability. ..achievements awarded with four u.s. financial technology patents date. date, alphacat has accumulated billion structured financial data points disclaimer: this document internal document. please not repost the document others. otherwise all the losses caused the consequences are undertaken yourself. alphacat reserves the right pursue the legal obligations and claims for any related financial losses there any harm and loss alphacat (including but not limited reputation, economy, etc.) development and roadmap disclaimer: this document internal document. please not repost the document others. otherwise all the losses caused the consequences are undertaken yourself. alphacat reserves the right pursue the legal obligations and claims for any related financial losses there any harm and loss alphacat (including but not limited reputation, economy, etc.) alphacat tokens alphacat token abbreviated acat. total ,,, alphacat tokens will issued. among them, ,,, acat tokens will circulated the token sale phase. ..allocation alphacat tokens for token sale for the alphacat team for alphacat early investors reserve for future supply the alphacat platform disclaimer: this document internal document. please not repost the document others. otherwise all the losses caused the consequences are undertaken yourself. alphacat reserves the right pursue the legal obligations and claims for any related financial losses there any harm and loss alphacat (including but not limited reputation, economy, etc.) ..allocation raised tokens for legal for operations for marketing expenses and community contributor rewards and incubation for r&d disclaimer: this document internal document. please not repost the document others. otherwise all the losses caused the consequences are undertaken yourself. alphacat reserves the right pursue the legal obligations and claims for any related financial losses there any harm and loss alphacat (including but not limited reputation, economy, etc.) team management structure the core team alphacat was founded dr. bin the second half mainly composed wall street financial experts and former team members google's artificial intelligence program. the alphacat team includes more than thirty experts holding advanced degrees ai, machine learning, finance technology, big data, and blockchain. the team working together further develop alphacat prediction algorithms and the alphacat platform. core team members dr. bin li,co-founder &ceo former vice president merrill lynch; executive director ubs north america and head ubs global quantitative trading strategies group; phd physics from nyu bin was accepted into the china university science and technology the age was then sponsored study the united states the chinese-american physicist and nobel laureate physics, dr. tsung-dao lee. bin obtained his phd physics new york university. after finishing his postdoctoral research the nyu's courant institute mathematical sciences, mr. joined the wall street investment bank, merrill lynch. from served vice president merrill lynch and then executive director ubs north america, before becoming director global quantitative trading strategies group. was one the six members ubs north america's executive committee. dr. and partners co-founded aastocks.com (aastocks.com) hong kong, now the most successful financial web portal hong kong. the company was acquired shanghai dzh ltd. since dr. bin successively served chairman westport financial llc, chief operating officer ping capital, cio yellow river fund, and senior fund manager paloma partners (paloma us-based quantitative hedge fund platform which has incubated the world famous hedge funds renaissance technology and shaws). alphacat currently has more than thirty experts with advanced degrees ai, machine disclaimer: this document internal document. please not repost the document others. otherwise all the losses caused the consequences are undertaken yourself. alphacat reserves the right pursue the legal obligations and claims for any related financial losses there any harm and loss alphacat (including but not limited reputation, economy, etc.) learning, finance technology, big data and blockchain working together further develop our prediction and trading algorithms. dr. liang li, executive director alphacat lab dr. liang received his ph.d. communications from the mcmaster university, canada, his studies specialized neural networks and artificial intelligence, making him perfect fit for our team. from dr. liang served technical director, cto, and consultant for number large companies such nortel, motorola, conexant, rockwell, and huawei. led the development four international ieee wireless communication standards and one chinese wireless communication standard. the ieee standards committee gave special contribution award dr. liang for his work. dr. liang successfully financed, established and served the cto the nxeco intelligent cloud platform company the united states. nxeco smart products have entered into both the chinese and global markets large quantities. date, has applied for and received more than patents related artificial intelligence. hanan yariv, global marketing director with over years work experience various roles-rising from lead developer technical director-and with degrees and asian studies, hanan highly skilled tech person with creative social engineering and digital marketing skills. hanan also has experience working trade shows new york, las vegas and frankfurt, before becoming entrepreneur the fmcg and hospitality industries. hanan has been giving lectures about bitcoin since and became highly active the crypto-space early disclaimer: this document internal document. please not repost the document others. otherwise all the losses caused the consequences are undertaken yourself. alphacat reserves the right pursue the legal obligations and claims for any related financial losses there any harm and loss alphacat (including but not limited reputation, economy, etc.) fund governance structure the establishment alphacat foundation alphacat foundation set b.v.i for the purpose governing and properly managing any digital funds raised. the alphacat foundation approved the government and regulated the laws registered country. the foundation managed independently, board trustees management committees qualified persons and independent from the government. alphacat non-profit organization founded b.v.i. according the local laws, the foundation legally established organization support of, participation in, public private interests that not have any commercial interests. the "profits" earned the foundation are called surpluses, and will retained funds for other activities without being distributed profits among our members. the mode operation alphacat foundation principles financial management alphacat foundation are: overall arrangement and integrated management; practical results; careful calculation and strict budgeting, keeping expenditures within the limits income. asset management the alphacat foundation included into the comprehensive budget management and prepares financial revenue and expenditure budgets according actual operations. the annual financial income and expenditure budget reported the autonomous committee for deliberation. the monthly financial budget reviewed the executive committee. the financial management center responsible for preparation and implementation. digital asset usage rights: single expense exceeds bitcoins, the consent the ceo the executive board required. single expense exceeds bitcoins, the consent the autonomous commission required. the alphacat foundation will introduce third-party audits oversee the project's financial operations, conduct fund audits and provide audit reports. audit reports will disclosed our annual information disclosure. disclaimer: this document internal document. please not repost the document others. otherwise all the losses caused the consequences are undertaken yourself. alphacat reserves the right pursue the legal obligations and claims for any related financial losses there any harm and loss alphacat (including but not limited reputation, economy, etc.) legal compliance and other matters the alphacat foundation will employ well-known domestic law firms legal advisors the alphacat project, which will provide the alphacat project with comprehensive legal services digital asset transaction structure, operational compliance, legal risk control system design and overseas legal advice. disclaimer: this document internal document. please not repost the document others. otherwise all the losses caused the consequences are undertaken yourself. alphacat reserves the right pursue the legal obligations and claims for any related financial losses there any harm and loss alphacat (including but not limited reputation, economy, etc.) risk disclosure and disclaimers risk disclosure and recognition systematic risk systematic risk refers the possible changes earnings due global common factors that affect returns all securities. for example, there may policy risks. present, the regulatory policies for all blockchain projects and their financing methods are not yet clear this country, and there possibility loss participants due policy changes. terms market risk, the overall value the digital asset market overestimated, the investment risk will increase and participants may expect listing projects grow excessively. however, these high expectations may not realized. the same time, systemic risks include series force majeure factors, including but not limited to: natural disasters, widespread worldwide breakdown computer networks, political instability. risk lack supervision digital asset transactions, including acat tokens, are highly uncertain. due the current lack strong regulation the field digital asset transactions, there risk that electronic digital currencies will rise and drop suddenly and sharply and are subject market manipulation bankers. individual participants lack experience, may hard for them withstand the asset shock and psychological pressure caused market instability. although experts and government media have given cautious suggestions from time time, there are still written supervisory methods provisions. therefore, such risks are hard effectively circumvent. risk introduction regulation policy undeniable that the the foreseeable future, there will introduction regulations constrain the blockchain and electronic digital currency areas. official entities regulate this sector, the digital currencies purchased during the listing period may effected, including, but not limited to, fluctuations restrictions price and marketability. disclaimer: this document internal document. please not repost the document others. otherwise all the losses caused the consequences are undertaken yourself. alphacat reserves the right pursue the legal obligations and claims for any related financial losses there any harm and loss alphacat (including but not limited reputation, economy, etc.) inter-team risk present, there are many blockchain technology teams and projects; the competition fierce and there strong market competition and project operating pressure. whether the alphacat project can break through with its many excellent projects and receive wide recognition, will determined both our team's capabilities and vision, well our many competitors the market, and even oligarchs. the team may also face vicious competition. risk the team alphacat brings together team with vitality and strength, and attracts senior practitioners the area blockchain and experienced technology developers. the stability and cohesion within the team are crucial the overall development alphacat, leader the industry. the future, alphacat may subject negative impacts caused the departure core personnel conflicts within the team. project co-ordination and marketing risk alphacat's founding team will spare effort achieve its development goals set out this whitepaper and expand the space for project growth. present, alphacat has relatively mature business model analysis. however, given unforeseen factors the overall development trend the industry, alphacat's current business model and overall planning approach cannot well match with market demands, thus making earnings unpredictable. result, this whitepaper may adjusted our project develops and market trends change. participants fail obtain the updated details the project, the public not aware the latest progress the project, there may lack awareness the project due such lack information, thus affecting the subsequent development the project. project's technical risk the project based cryptography algorithm. the rapid development cryptography bound bring the potential risk being cracked. the same time, the blockchain, distributed ledger, decentralization and not agree tamper with support the development core businesses and the alphacat team cannot fully guarantee the implementation technology. disclaimer: this document internal document. please not repost the document others. otherwise all the losses caused the consequences are undertaken yourself. alphacat reserves the right pursue the legal obligations and claims for any related financial losses there any harm and loss alphacat (including but not limited reputation, economy, etc.) hacking and crime risk the amount individual supporters small, but the total number users large, which also places high requirements the safety and security the project. electronic digital currency anonymous and difficult trace, often used criminals vulnerable hacking. could also used for criminal activities such the transfer illegal assets. other unknown risks, present with the development the blockchain technology and the overall industry, alphacat may face some unexpected risks. participants should fully understand the team's background, know the project's overall framework and ideas, reasonably adjust their own visions, and participate rationally digital currency token sale before making the decision participate this project. disclaimer alphacat non-profit system. the system's future internal reward mechanism and operation, and its maintenance mechanisms, are based virtual digital assets (i.e., virtual goods), rather than monetary incentives. the digital currency generated the system itself can used reward for system maintenance. however, order meet the exchange resources between the system and other systems other social subjects, certain amount neo currency and other virtual digital assets are required intervene. accordingly, the assets acquired alphacat are only similar other virtual digital assets such bitcoin, ethereum and neo. acat token digital currency with alphacat one its usage scenarios. kind virtualization reward system for the operation the system, not monetary return. therefore, acat currency exchange not investment. holding acat currency does not represent ownership alphacat alphacat applications. alphacat does not grant any individual any rights participate in, control make any decision about alphacat the application alphacat. any holder acat token can participate the scenario the alphacat platform, but cannot directly sell acat token. the value goal the acat token create scarcity experience for participants and holders about disclaimer: this document internal document. please not repost the document others. otherwise all the losses caused the consequences are undertaken yourself. alphacat reserves the right pursue the legal obligations and claims for any related financial losses there any harm and loss alphacat (including but not limited reputation, economy, etc.) the application value and virtual goods the alphacat application platform and usage scenarios, rather than monetary value transactional value. cannot guarantee that acat tokens will have appreciation, and also possible that under certain circumstances there will decline the value psychological cognition. due these unpredictable circumstances, the goals outlined this whitepaper may change. although the team will its utmost achieve all its goals, all individuals and groups that purchase acat tokens their own risk. this alphacat project whitepaper for informational purposes only and does not constitute any investment advice, investment intention solicitation investment. this whitepaper does not constitute any sale purchase, any offer for sale purchase, any form securities, any form contract commitment. participants the alphacat listing project should carefully read this whitepaper have comprehensive understanding alphacat's technical characteristics and the riskreturn characteristics, and should give full consideration their own risk tolerance make their own rational judgment and careful decision. participants must willing bear all the corresponding results consequences once they indicate that they understand and accept the risk the project. best wishes, alphacat team. due the differences between regional cultures, languages and time zones, the alphacat team shall have the final interpretation all content. disclaimer: this document internal document. please not repost the document others. otherwise all the losses caused the consequences are undertaken yourself. alphacat reserves the right pursue the legal obligations and claims for any related financial losses there any harm and loss alphacat (including but not limited reputation, economy, etc.)