white paper (apc) alpha coin the first tokens mining the crypto money www. alpha-coin.io table contents introduction what apc? what are our goals? specifications apc token token distribution roadmap site exchange team risks revision history introduction: alpha coin has many applications the financial services industry. almost every bank swift messages are currently used securely conduct transactions, but smart ethereum contracts this can cause the network become obsolete. distributed notebooks can stabilized calculate faster and save banks, and consumers, billion year large number secure items), which would also help protect banks from unethical employee behavior and subsequent pressure. one the company's goals remove major obstacle the mining, which the first company mining tokens, "apc" technology the the right solution for many minerals, and resolve the problems that the two minerals complain about the consumption energy and the longer time get the value few for offer effort. what apc? alpha coin (apc) open source, based ethereum, smart contract erc with special script algorithm. alpha coin based for the basis firstclass mining, experts were appointed develop the mining farm. what are our goals? the first goal mining less electrical energy and less time. the same time the interest the digital process diminishing, the electricity consumption bill increasing result its mining. more electricity consumed mining operations than other countries, such ireland, electricity consumption from "mining" composition does not appear slowing, and consumption increasing computers and large servers require -hour mining. mining process searching for currency large number connected devices around the world, decoding set codes according specific algorithms. "mining" based the use large number computers process requests and decode their packages, which can implemented individually collectively, requiring devices that consume electricity around the clock. some have viewed petequin's "mining" cause global warming, with increasing reports indicating that consumes more electricity than the consumption entire nations. according new report, the accelerated increase electricity consumption due mining will consume about gigawatts, which consumed country such austria, making "mining" source electricity demand. mining expected consume gigawatts electricity, compared with gigawatts currently consumed ireland. demand for electricity due mining continues increase worldwide. iceland, more energy being planned for "mining" composition, time when the chinese government plans suppress mining because its excessive consumption electricity. the greater the number processors used search for configuration, the greater the consumption electricity, especially the decryption virtual currency strings becomes more difficult over time. may last year, average electricity consumption from "mining" averaged around twh per year, and consumption likely rise more than twh per year. apc works solve all these problems. note: this just idea and apply must work and our experts will start with the beginning specifications apc token name alpha coin symbol apc decimals token total supply apc circulation supply apc airdrop supply apc token distribution coin sale community strategic partners reserve fund airdrop free founders management team partnership advisory roadmap site exchange: team adam co-founder cto bruthe marketing officer william co-founder coo douglas founder ceo risks risks associated with taxation: the tax treatment and accounting the coins uncertain and may vary amongst jurisdictions. you must seek independent tax advice connection with purchasing the coins, which may result adverse tax consequences you. risks associated with volatility eth: the value eth may fluctuate significantly over short period time result various factors including market dynamics, regulatory changes, technical advancements, and economic and political factors. risk loss private key: the coins may only accessed with combination authenticator and password. loss authenticator(s) associated with your digital wallet vault storing the coins will result loss such coins which will unrecoverable and permanently lost. risk associated with the development, operation and maintenance the apc project. revision history date version topic initial document (c) alpha coi