content introduction centralization sustainability governance scalability and network proof work proof stake block rewards masternodes the libra-effect alqo shroud alqo hypersend alqo hosting framework the liberio framework atomic swaps references introduction fairly evident that upon analysis and review, humanity's progress and evolution its societies technology, science, medicine, industry, communication among others are closely tied ease, efficiency and effectiveness transferring wealth between individuals, organizations, and nations. simply consider, any meaningful effort coordination that forms the basis our modern division-of-labor based economy cannot take place without universal form currency with which parties can transact and pay for products and services rendered safe, secure, and effortless environment. while recent attempts creating such universal currency have resulted our modern financial system, where several major stateissued national currencies are available all and can exchanged among themselves (usd, eur, chf, gbp, jpy, etc.), the system inherently relies the production debt, inflation, and trust the centralized authorities that manage the monetary policies behind it. its very nature, such system will subject multiple failure points due its centralized nature, innate lack trust result its few-rule-the-many governance structure imposing decisions without consulting its constituents, and ongoing devaluation its own coin (the usd, for instance) which causes continuous erosion wealth for all its constituents, experienced the global financial meltdown, among other events. start acknowledging that the first ever solution truly tackle the aforementioned points concern was the bitcoin, devised its creator(s) satoshi nakamoto bitcoin true peer-to-peer electronic cash system that allows for direct online payments between end users trustless way, i.e., without the need placing trust the authority either party party intermediary escrow service, such government, bank credit card company, means verify that the buyer has sufficient purchase funds and the irrevocable intent (eliminate malicious chargebacks despite delivery). so, the bitcoin network relies decentralized, publicly-accessible and cryptographically-secured ledger, called the blockchain, which stores every balance and transaction carried out the network and its replica hosted its entirety each its participants; none whom can alter its history undermine the integrity the ledger its content any way. launched and having amassed very large number end users, miners, market participants, merchants with derivative products and services and most importantly high volume daily transactions, recognize that bitcoin (at its current shape and form) has reached effective point stagnation and diminishing returns; stands, without any radical infrastructural overhaul, subsequent efforts placed into the system will not allow its community resolve the primary bottlenecks currently facing its path universal adoption viable global currency. introduction recognize its main bottlenecks being: centralization network capacity (transactions per second) sustainability governance strongly believe that any decentralized payment system that wishes achieve universal adoption and solidify itself viable global currency must built such way that its very infrastructure inherently addresses and solves all aforementioned bottlenecks early on. economically speaking, the recent exponential price appreciation bitcoin from under over writing this paper clearly demonstrates increasing global market demand for the solution that bitcoin offers, however, believe that until comprehensive solution arises that fully answers the challenges faced the bitcoin network, full capitalization the global multitrillion-dollar financial industry cannot reached. with this philosophy and unmet market demand mind, have decided create alqo ("a liquid object"). alqo communitydriven, open source and fully autonomous cryptocurrency that places strong emphasis the very building blocks required create complete payment system: secure, anonymous, trustless, scarce and fungible with very low-cost transaction profile. designed embody all that bitcoin well more advanced cryptocurrencies have grown become well capture the economic value that thus far inhibited the systemic constraints outlined above. will expand these -main adoption and growth barriers and outline how alqo's unique architecture seeks resolve them: centralization network considered centralized when either vast absolute decision-making power vested the hands few individuals. believe that recent years, the bitcoin network has taken path evolution that incompatible with its founders' original vision. the first the question mining. mining the process which individuals dedicate computational resources solving difficult mathematical problems. upon solving the aforementioned, new block found the blockchain and with newly pending transactions are confirmed and cleared through. this process known proof work (or pow) forces the miner prove that they have done the necessary work verify the block, and the first miner find new block compensated for their efforts. this introduces element economic competition between miners and prevents the network from being attacked attacks become too costly and thus, economically unviable. consider this process rolling die casino and needing roll below certain number, and the first roller who rolls below said number wins the prize, except that the die does not have facets, but rather extremely large number them. unfortunately, the bitcoin protocol has introduced mining algorithm that allows for asics (application-specific integrated circuit) devices that can create very large number hashes per second (or our example, roll die much quicker than other rollers). this has created unfair status quo whereby those who can afford purchase asic devices have clear upper hand and those who cannot are effectively excluded from participating the network. since every bitcoin protocol enhancement needs approved with majority miners, the top miners who own the mining power can either accept veto any suggestion that brought before the community. this effectively overrules the democratic nature that decentralized network should characterized and creates disproportionate centralization decision-making power. order prevent such occurrence, alqo utilizes advanced and fair hashing algorithm known quark. quark well known for being lightweight algorithm that can mined with very modest hardware devices. this ensures that anyone can participate the alqo mining, whether they own smartphone super computer. further utilizes multiple algorithms, namely blake, groestl, blue midnight wish, jh, sha- and skein, which makes the development dedicated asic device specifically designed produce large number hashes per second virtually impossible must work with radically different functions. this property known asic-resistance, and with it, seek eliminate any barrier entry for the average alqo end user terms network governance and promote absolute decentralization and democracy. sustainability governance network considered sustainable (or self-sustaining) can grow and maintain itself organically, autonomously and independently parties, while being resilient against wide range negative external factors. governance the set laws that dictate the function the network. this brings the second question development. market conditions and needs evolve, digital currency system must adapt with them order survive and thrive. this end virtually every major digital currency project (bitcoin, ethereum, litecoin, dash, ripple) has least core team individuals who maintain and develop the network. since humans are imperfect, developers tend shape the direction the project after their own vision this has created very heated and unresolved debates within the bitcoin team and has caused both stagnation and splits (knows forks) other derivative and competing projects. further, developers' cooperation can bought malicious entity, they can intimidated, simply lose interest and leave. any disappearance, broad disagreement and/or sabotage core member can have critical consequences for system that has the potential serve billions end users and trillions transactions. since any these factors detract from the network's ability sustain itself and exclude the community from participating governance-related decisions, alqo has introduced the following: ad-hoc dev funding. recent years, has become standard the cryptocurrency space create dedicated dev fund. the dev fund special address (similar bank account) that autonomously funded the network (e.g. dash, pivx, etc.). there are typically three events those networks that trigger financial compensation the form new coins: miner rewarded for finding block, masternode rewarded for its services and staker rewarded for putting collateral for securing the network (this process known proof stake pos, will expand the concepts pos and masternodes later on). whenever any such reward triggered, the network automatically sends portion that reward the fund. while this ensures that development can continue grow all times without relying donations, also flawed the same dev team will always possess the private keys the dev fund and will able use regardless whether they work against the community's and the project's best interests. order for alqo ensure that the team behind always works the community's interests, the dev fund has been deprecated and instead any funding will only authorized upon approval proposal submitted the community. sustainability governance the community can then decide whether grant the team funds ad-hoc basis. further, the team will employ mining pool and later staking pool that the community can mine stake through it, which pays certain fee the developers. entirely voluntary, the community can choose opt out the pools depending the performance and intentions the dev team. this checks and balances mechanism put place ensure the long-term health the project. carbon voting. while imperative that future development funding guaranteed, equally important that the community whole has clear say how being used. ensure that this the case, the fund cryptographically sealed and can only used certain proposal outlining the use funds and the amount needed brought before the community for vote. some projects (such dash and pivx) have implemented voting system whereby suggestions are brought masternode operators, however given that masternodes require collateral coins order operate coins the case dash, coins the cases pivx and alqo), such system has the innate flaw barring anyone without the necessary funds from voting ("you can only vote you have million dollars"). one can argue that such system only provides with partial decentralization best. alqo has decided opt for system called carbon voting, whereby every alqo given vote. utilizing the alqo protocol, each vote will conducted via off-chain channel and sent securely with end-to-end encryption one the live masternodes for verification. voting will done via our unique in-house wallet called liberio, compatible with any device, from mobiles desktops and servers. each user will see their weighted voting power, represented their balance rounded down the nearest integer value balance alqo will grant votes). upon deadline, the top voted option will chosen and funds will either released not. feel that this superior model that eliminates the financial barrier for participation the voting system and opens the door anyone who wishes cast vote. much like the public government election system, strive achieve participation rate and believe this system can accomplish that goal. these two mechanisms ensure that development can continue indefinitely and are in-line with the community's desires can economically depose elect any development team that best agrees with its views, faster and more efficient way than existing solutions. scalability and network the bitcoin protocol mandates maximum block size found exactly every minutes. since only limited number transactions can fit into block and are only produced this interval, bitcoin's capacity rated transactions per second. this major limitation that cannot sustain increasing user base and transaction volume, and one that has spawned numerous contentious and hard forks (bitcoin cash has forked from bitcoin create blockchain). global cryptocurrency take form, must accommodate any transaction volume. furthermore, the blockchain, being public ledger containing record all balances and historical transactions, will only tend significantly increase size over time. the larger the blockchain grows, the more expensive maintain, requires more powerful machines with faster and more reliable connectivity and larger storage requirements. this inevitably leads higher barrier entry and restrict participation fewer and fewer individuals and organizations who are willing and able operate full nodes. ensure the long-term health and future-proof its network, alqo has decided introduce the following: larger and faster blocks. alqo relies block size and block time seconds. this effectively allows alqo handle transaction volume greater than bitcoin's. flexible blocksize. roughly year into alqo's life cycle, the network will switch from consensus algorithm mining-driven proof work staking-driven proof stake. upon this second stage, the protocol will switch dynamic blocksize that will adjust size any increase transaction volume. the network detects that more and more transactions are stuck the unconfirmed queue (known the mempool) will dynamically increase the size the subsequent blocks handle the increase transaction volume. this the equivalent mining difficulty algorithm applied block sizes. masternodes. the alqo network constitutes -tier architecture, where the first tier the protocol level, mining and staking and the blockchain itself. the second layer its masternode array, being large network high availability dedicated servers operated users. these users provide enhanced services the network (such faster transactions, anonymous transactions, voting validation and others) well contain full copy the blockchain. scalability and network masternodes require collateral alqo operate order ensure that launching malicious nodes too costly for potential attacker, and nodes are paid alqo for their services. since these are dedicated and powerful servers, they can better handle the increasing load larger chain than average desktop machine smartphone. mvcs liberio. minimum viable chain (mvc) the shortest possible blockchain that can still handle incoming transactions, with sufficient history compatible with future blocks. the wallet that runs such mvc known thin client doesn't maintain full copy the blockchain. this has the utility being able provide with chain continuity well make each device full node without sacrificing significant amount storage and computational resources. combined with the quark algorithm, each device will also able mine and create new blocks, allowing for full participation all end users. have determined that the ideal size the most recent blocks, which sufficient length and takes more than local storage, and can dynamically change needed. comparison, popular social media and messenger apps often take hundreds mbs entire gbs user's mobile device, not expect this cause any storage bottlenecks. this will handled our inhouse wallet, liberio. would like note that this paper deals with the long term challenges many cryptocurrency projects face their path global adoption, the solutions alqo offers and overview its features and attributes from both commercial and technical standpoints. this paper however does not deal with the upcoming palacio framework, still kept confidence until its final design can made public around end the palacio framework will major key differentiator and add some beautiful complexity that will facilitate and ensure alqo's commercial adoption and success years come. given its nature, palacio will require separate paper that will follow this one. now that have covered the difficulties have recognized being faced bitcoin and the solutions that the alqo protocol offers preempt them, would like expand upon the innate properties that will ensure alqo's far higher likelihood success adoption global payment system that can address growing market demands. scalability and network the architecture and operation the alqo network can summarized follows: new transactions are broadcast all nodes. each node collects new transactions into block. each node works finding difficult proof-of-work solution recover its block. when node finds proof-of-work solution, broadcasts the block all other nodes. nodes accept the block only all transactions are valid and not already spent. this critical steps ensures that double-spend attack cannot occur. nodes express their acceptance the block working creating the next block the chain, using the hash the accepted block the previous hash. given that cryptographic hashing functions are computationally infeasible reverse, hash match confirms that the new block refers the exact current state the entire blockchain. nodes always consider the longest chain the correct one and will keep working extending it. two nodes broadcast different versions the next block simultaneously, some nodes may receive one the other first. that case, they work the first one received, but save the other branch case becomes longer. the tie will broken when the next proof-of-work solution found and one branch becomes longer; the nodes that were working the other branch will then switch the longer one. new transaction broadcasts not necessarily need reach all nodes. long they reach sufficiently large number nodes, they will get into block before long. block broadcasts are also tolerant dropped messages. node does not receive block, will request when receives the next block and realize missed one. proof work during its first year operation, the alqo network will rely proof work consensus algorithm. mentioned previously, proof work the process which miners, individuals who dedicate their computational resources solve difficult mathematical challenges, prove that they have done the necessary work required the network validate blocks, which are data containers for large list new transactions. referred consensus algorithm because majority overall mining processing power needed order enforce any new protocol update proposal. motivate miners participate the mining process and cover their costs, the first miner find new block compensated for their efforts. this introduces element economic competition between miners and prevents the network from being attacked attacks become too costly and thus, economically unviable. alqo uses the asic-resistant quark algorithm previously mentioned, any party can participate the mining process regardless their device type and hardware capabilities, which prevents the concentration and centralization decision-making power the hands the few and enables true democratic process. alqo's block time set seconds, meaning the network aims for blocks created every seconds. this aim facilitated what known difficulty retargeting algorithm, which increases decreases the difficulty finding block proportion the total hashing rate (processing power) being contributed the network. if, for example, the hashing rate suddenly doubles, the difficulty will increase ensure that blocks are not recovered every seconds and vice versa. this extreme importance have witnessed the danger frozen blockchain with bitcoin, whose retargeting algorithm adjusts every blocks, every days minutes per blocks. this means that mining power suddenly drops (due lowered mining profitability for instance), will take the network two weeks lower the difficulty accordingly, during which time the blockchain could grind halt. prevent this from happening, alqo's algorithm adjusts the difficulty level every block, every seconds. main influence dashpay proof work have seen, the risks high inflation and its devaluing implications national currencies, alqo attempts reverse this trend offering ever-decreasing emission rate, which ensures remains disinflationary currency nature. this was designed preserve and protect alqo's innate coin value. please refer the table below see alqo's coin emission schedule per stage (or epoch); the distribution miners rewards vs. masternode operator rewards are listed next each stag. reward allocation pow block rewards (starting november th, block alqo masternodes miners block alqo masternodes miners block alqo masternodes miners block alqo masternodes miners block alqo masternodes miners block alqo masternodes miners block (genesis block), alqo were created order set masternodes and support and stabilize the alqo network (at alqo per node collateral). these are scheduled burned later and will not used any other way. lastly, block maturity defined the minimum age block, terms blocks rather than standard time units, before safely considered part the chain. the logic behind this that since each block validates all its predecessors, the more blocks are added top block, the more valid and safe for consideration becomes. the standard block maturity for bitcoin blocks. while alqo's block maturity set blocks, given alqo's far quicker block time minute, block can considered mature under hours, giving the network very solid foundation for security references. proof work int_t _ntargettimespan countblocks params().targetspacing(); (nactualtimespan _ntargettimespan nactualtimespan _ntargettimespan retarget bnnew nactualtimespan; bnnew _ntargettimespan; proof stake the proof stake (pos) consensus algorithm very similar nature the proof work algorithm outlined above, rather than devoting computational resources (i.e. work), participants dedicate their alqo coins collateral, the more coins one possesses the more likely they are secure block. this has two added benefits: first, cheaper and more cost effective than pow does not waste nearly much electricity and real-world resources pow does. second, since the likelihood find and validate block proportional the stake one owns the network, the more incentivized they are ensure its ongoing health and are far less likely perform malicious attacks against their own wealth. therefore, becomes extremely expensive for external attacker perform attacks the network. alqo will switch entirely from pow pos late effective block #,. the following represents the coin emission schedule per block for every stage operation: block alqo block alqo block alqo block infinite alqo main influence ethereum proof stake traditionally, staking requires that user has their device running and continuously connected the network all times, otherwise they are skipped the network for reward distribution. with the groundbreaking liberio wallet, cold staking now reality users automatically stake and gain rewards for their balances without having take any actions whatsoever. think generating passive interest your bank balance while helping maintain its infrastructure the same time while incurring costs all. main influence ethereum block rewards masternodes have mentioned the term masternodes several times this document and have provided several hints its nature, would like now offer more meaningful overview. masternode are dedicated hardware nodes that sit worldwide servers connected the alqo network, each maintaining exact replica the entire alqo blockchain and providing enhanced services the network. masternodes are essentially continuously-connected nodes that are hosted dedicated servers, their function provide host services and guarantee their availability customers the alqo network. increase the degree distribution and thus network security, each masternode required have its own address, ensure they are hosted many servers possible and guarantee network resilience and redundancy. within the context the alqo network and each standard node and thin client (liberio) securely connected one more masternodes, these services are primarily alqo hypersend, alqo shroud (will expanded upon later later sections) and carbon voting, and others join the alqo masternode framework. masternodes must lock large number coins (exactly alqo collateral; this flexible collateral can withdrawn and moved any point time, however, upon doing so, the masternode immediately goes offline) well incur hosting costs, they are compensated for their costs and efforts terms both portion all block rewards and fees for the advanced services outlined above. centralized main influence dashpay decentralized the libra effect while the exact distribution between the rewards paid out both miners and masternode operators during each stage the pow era hard-set, alqo utilizes more dynamic approach determine the reward distribution between stakers and masternode operators during the pos era. the underlying logic that alqo strives strike ideal balance between the number masternodes operating the network and the number coins being staked any given time. with too few maternodes, advanced services such anonymity, voting and instant transaction become less available and difficult obtain, and with too few coins available for staking, the network whole becomes less secure. also reduces overall market liquidity which will necessary power the very large scale commercial applications planned further down the road. order compensate for either these two scenarios and reach %/% masternode-locked vs. freely available staking coins equilibrium, have introduced the libra effect. the libra effect dynamically increases the block reward paid out masternodes, the fewer masternodes are available the network, and reduces that more are available, precise supplementary relationship. this also occurs freely available coins for staking. for example, the available supply coins locked within masternodes, the total masternode population will receive the total block rewards and will stakers. this inverse relationship between rewards and availability will incentivize more masternodes operators come forward and lock their coins, which turn increases the availability advanced services provided and the network. unlike similar implementations (see: see saw mechanism; pivx) that employ sharp step sizes, alqo employs smooth variation curve that rounded the nearest decimal places. this means that the total pivx supply locked in, the masternode block reward will adjust with alqo, will adjust .%, which the precise supplementary value. this performed ensure absolute fairness towards the community and zero room for error. the libra effect please see the attached libra yield curve plot obtain better visual sense how works: the libra effect the following the code that governs that libra effect protocol level: int_t nmoneysupply chainactive.tip() nmoneysupply; (nmasternodecount masternodemultiplier logprintf("[libra] masternode: %d\n", masternodemultiplier logprintf("[libra] staker: %d\n", masternodemultiplier) ret blockvalue masternodemultiplier; alqo shroud very fundamental aspect the business world that any business must have intimate knowledge which its competitors not possess gain competitive edge. core component that has with the commercial relationships has with its customers, suppliers, vendors, service providers, partners, shareholders, and others. the cost and difficulty doing business would impossibly increase competition would gain visibility into company's financial sheet, its global assets and bank account balances, what each customer charged and what each service provider and employee paid. goes without saying that order ensure the commercial survival and create solid foundation for global economy, robust privacy solution must put place, and preferably one that would conceal the transactions made and balances held each party, well their true identities. long participants are hesitant partake the system, true economic prosperity cannot take place and productivity would greatly diminish result. recognizing the aforementioned, the alqo project has introduced the alqo shroud service, being service that offered masternodes the alqo network. while each user has the option transacting with transparency, the alqo shroud service allows them significantly obfuscate their activity and cover their tracks mixing their transactional input with those other users. this option will easily and intuitively available each user within the liberio wallet framework. the future, the alqo team will also incorporate stealth addresses, which are special addresses that not list their balances and transactions between two such addresses which are fully opaque the blockchain. alqo hypersend addition above given example, the global financial system relies the ability transfer large sums capital quickly and securely. every billable project the world relies the transfer funds order initiate, the faster funds can moved and secured, the more productive our global economy becomes and the faster grows. for this very reason that premium transfer services within the global remittance industry are valued the tens billions dollars annually. secure alqo's aspiration becoming globally adopted form currency, alqo incorporates service known alqo hypersend. hypersend allows for very low-cost transfer funds split seconds. functions utilizing alqo's array masternodes: whenever any entity the network wishes transfer funds rapidly via hypersend, the funds are sent via list available masternodes that turn immediately lock the sender's funds and are sent the receiver's address. the payee's funds are guaranteed the decentralized masternode layer, which makes for the time gap between the transaction and the next verified block (which could take seconds). the alqo team will utilize this facet the alqo network part its commercial applications, ranging from in-store point sale major international purchases. alqo hosting framework recognizing the importance having broad and established array masternodes from day the alqo team has created the alqo hosting framework, being the list services and practices put place create simple, easy use, effortless, and cost effective masternode hosting solution with turnaround time several minutes. these include simple hosting service, enhanced security features, support portal, round the clock monitoring, and easy follow tutorials. these can accessed https://hosting.alqo.org. while has proved very successful and has already serviced over satisfied customers, believe that order eliminate any points failure, the next version the alqo hosting framework must offer more decentralized, easier use, and trustless solution given the mission-criticality having masternodes with guaranteed uptime. the liberio framework having engaged previous cryptocurrency-related projects, such coinfolium.com web-based portfolio monitoring tool) and the masternode app (an app which allows you monitor the status your masternodes across various coins and incoming payments), and such have better appreciation the needs the average financially-minded consumer, would like put our experience and expertise use and develop the next generation cryptocurrency wallet clients. with this mind, have designed the liberio framework. liberio currently acts universal semi-thin wallet client designed run any device, ranging from dedicated heavy-duty servers down mobile devices. liberio transcends the definition simple spv client and entire framework upon which more user-friendly services will built and offered over time. can list the array features and services currently offers seamless access the following: alqo hypersend alqo shroud. using the liberio client, users will able specify whether their next transaction will done high-speed, high-anonymity fashion utilizing the hypersend and shroud services. infinite scalability. liberio designed partial spv, meaning that it'll keep mvc (minimum viable chain; mentioned previously) version the chain. this mvc will consist only the more recent blocks and prune the remainder. coupled with alqo's quark algorithm that's designed for low-end devices, liberio will allow every single such client participate the block and transaction validation process and turn fortify the decentralization the network. liberio designed compatible with any device, from dedicated services mobile devices with minimal hardware and network requirements, it'll form the basis having hundreds thousands not million effective nodes the network, resolving the scalability issue before ever arises. masternode connectivity. liberio will allow users connect and configure their masternodes remotely while maintaining local control their private keys. alqo hosting framework. liberio will grant users seamless access the alqo hosting framework, launch and monitor their masternodes from the comfort their wallet. all user will have connect and/or launch node with single click, and alqo's back-end infrastructure will take care the rest seamless and painless way. the liberio framework offline (cold) staking. currently, users are required run fully synced node and have mature balance for staking order considered candidates for block validation the network and therefore eligible for staking reward. this places undue burden users who not have the knowledge, inclination ability maintain such connectivity. with these users excluded from the network, its overall security level diminishes and rewards are concentrated within the few who can participate. order prevent this and create win-win situation with both the network benefiting from their staking resources well users enjoying staking rewards, liberio will offer cold staking service, meaning that users who own alqo balance will able stake even when they're offline, similar how bank account works. believe this will allow for more decentralized, democratic and fair process overall, while increasing stakeholders value over time. wallet-to-wallet chat. using the alqo cryptographic framework, liberio will enable secured and end-to-end encrypted chats between any two members the network order increase coordination and economic cooperation, allow for preplanning and reduce the occurrence imperfect transactions. built-in palacio framework. the palacio framework game changer the cryptocurrency space with very broad commercial implications, and its design has not yet been finalized and therefore cannot made public yet. mentioned, more information about palacio will follow towards the end hope that this point the reader has been able get sense the power liberio and its long term mass adoption implications, with further enhancement announcement down the road. liberio will written top our custom alqo network protocol which utilizes end-to-end encryption and will compatible not only for desktops, but also for android, ios and windows mobile. the liberio framework public static byte[] encrypt(string data, string publickey null) cspparameters cspparams new cspparameters providertype rsacryptoserviceprovider rsaprovider new rsacryptoserviceprovider(cspparams); (publickey null) rsaprovider.importcspblob(convert.frombasestring(settings.host_pubkey)); else rsaprovider.importcspblob(convert.frombasestring(publickey)); byte[] plainbytes encoding.utf.getbytes(data); byte[] encryptedbytes rsaprovider.encrypt(plainbytes, false); return encryptedbytes; public static string decrypt(byte[] encryptedbytes) cspparameters cspparams new cspparameters providertype rsacryptoserviceprovider rsaprovider new rsacryptoserviceprovider(cspparams); rsaprovider.importcspblob(convert.frombasestring(encryption.privatekey)); byte[] plainbytes rsaprovider.decrypt(encryptedbytes, false); string plaintext encoding.utf.getstring(plainbytes, plainbytes.length); return plaintext; atomic swaps regard the explosive growth the cryptocurrency space indicative growing market-wide demand for decentralized and economical solutions across multitude industries. result, over the past few years, cryptocurrency projects have emerged tending specific niches, industries and utility sets. there range from the agriculture, construction, health, banking, law, manufacturing, energy, communication industries others. rather than hold the belief that there will one single coin rule them all, view the current landscape rapidly and divergently evolving. whether coins and tokens will end form relationship synergy competition, one thing certain and that that there place for all them the market. with this mind, instead restricting users' choice currency, have decided accommodate their broad desire introducing the atomic swaps mechanism. atomic swap the process which user who owns coin can exchange their coin with user owning coin both having separate blockchains, fast, secure and trustless way. once exchange rate agreed upon both parties, cross-chain swap takes place. it's the decentralized world's equivalent over-the-counter ("otc") trades they don't require party. furthermore, atomic swaps have the added benefit utilizing very specific type smart contract, being hash and time lock. this means that user sends their funds certain address which then locks the funds. user then fails come through certain agreed upon time, the funds are unlocked, the transaction reversed the blockchain and user gets their funds back. atomic swaps will implemented once the alqo network reaches the proof-of-stake phase. order perform on-chain atomic swap between two cryptocurrencies, there are several prerequisites factor in. both chains must support: branched transaction scripts the same hashing algorithm signature checks for transaction scripts main influence litecoin atomic swaps on-chain atomic swaps are mostly useful cases where users want perform exchange that characterized larger trade that not subject particular time constraint. since the process involves on-chain transactions, the speed the process bound the mining staking blocks both chains, and the slower the two that. this can take roughly hour when transacting with the bitcoin blockchain. additionally, users must pay transaction fees for both the swap and the redemption transaction each chain, which can have non-trivial cost with bitcoin. furthermore, since these swaps are on-chain, there are some privacy implications that users should aware of. the swap transaction each chain include the same hashed value, meaning that anyone who surveils the corresponding blockchains can link the coins one side the swap the coins the other side. further down the road, alqo will implement solutions for off-chain transactions that will eliminate the concerns outlined above. hope that reading this paper the reader has gained more thorough understanding the economic growth potential that the near future holds, the solutions currently put place order drive said growth, the inadequacy their current shape and form see them, well our approach providing complete solution the form the secured global payment ecosystem that alqo protocol and network seek embody. main influence litecoin references bitcoin whitepaper: https://bitcoin.org/bitcoin.pdf dash whitepaper: https://github.com/dashpay/dash/wiki/whitepaper quark vs. bitcoin: http://www.quarkcoins.com/bitcoin-vs-quarkcoin.html pivx whitepaper: https://pivx.org/what-is-pivx/white-papers/ ethereum proof stake faq: https://github.com/ethereum/wiki/wiki/proof-of-stake-faq litecoin github: https://github.com/litecoin-project