white paper executive summary origins ambrosus know that mortal and the creature day: but when search out the massed wheeling circles the stars, feet longer touch the earth, but, side side with zeus himself, take fill ambrosia, the food the gods... ptolemy the ambrosus network blockchain-based ecosystem for supply chains, ensuring the origin, quality, compliance and proper handling items tracked the network. ambrosus' primary focus improving supply chains for life-essential products, specifically food and medicine, although the protocol can applied almost any complex supply chain. using distributed ledgers, data processing and sensor systems, the ambrosus platform can integrate across supply chain flows and enable transparency every point within them. these new capabilities allow buyers and other participants the supply chain ensure that the standards their quality assurance programs are being met. ambrosus also enables the transmission additional information between supply chain counterparties, well the creation new applications and markets that utilize the platform's real-time data. ambrosus uses novel incentive mechanism called the amber token provide these functions decentralized manner. the amber token used keep information the ambrosus network date products move across the supply chain without requiring centralized actor maintain resources. this token enables transparent ecosystem with trustworthy data that can freely accessed interested parties. this white paper provides overview the ambrosus platform, its architecture, and case studies. have also created other guides that may interest those learning about the ambrosus network. these guides are available english, chinese (mandarin), russian, arabic, korean and japanese and are available online at: https://ambrosus.com/#tech-docs. our open-source code https://github.com/ambrosus. available github table contents introduction data-centric solution the ambrosus project ambrosus technology the amber token white paper ambrosus protocol overview measurements store requirements smart contract amber token optimizing network costs architecture supply chain data tag, tracer and sensor systems detection systems data transmission team partners appendix case studies initial market testings food industry: compliance and auditing healthcare industry: data information management ii. current state and future work prototype protocol iii. references introduction since the world began globalize after the initial industrial revolution, have seen the rise ever more complex supply chains manage the subsequent flow raw materials and goods around the planet[]. these supply chains have been extremely successful, enabling the explosion manufacturing, trade and innovation around the world that has been the heart globalization the past few decades. the technologies and methods used run these supply chains have not however kept pace with the growing interconnectedness and complexity our world. supply chains many industries and sectors are creaking under the strain. there are host challenges[-]. according mckinsey, has become struggle for supply chain stakeholders maintain adequate overview their networks[]. that has made increasingly difficult ensure the quality and integrity raw materials and finished products along the chain, fight contamination and counterfeiting, handle distribution, and maintain functioning and efficient logistics operations[]. highly complex chains with higher numbers actors also create increasing opportunities for fraud, negligence, other threats. complexity also reduces transparency, making more difficult locate problems timely manner[]. the commercial side, today's global supply chains are riddled with archaic, slow and expensive processes that create significant friction along the chain and often make life difficult for participants, especially smaller producers distributors. even the best cases highly complex supply chains with multiple stakeholders imply intricate commercial relationships requiring complex governance structures that are increasingly difficult manage using current practices[]. the same time, end consumers are demanding ever-higher levels transparency about the origins their products, well more personalization. this puts increased pressure supply chains innovate just when they are struggling keep with the status quo[-]. many have rightly sounded the alarm, and are searching for new solutions. data-centric solution its core, the solution improving global supply chains revolves around handling data. until now, has been difficult gather accurate data about the state and integrity materials and products along the whole supply chain. even where data available, challenging collect it, aggregate it, disseminate and, above all, ensure its accuracy and integrity. new technological developments are poised change this. these developments, which particular include advances sensor technology and the internet things coupled with the capabilities blockchain technology, smart contracts and decentralized applications (dapps), allow boldly rethink how global supply chains and markets might operate. envision system interconnected quality assurance sensors that can reliably record the entire history product[]. blockchain can then protect the integrity and verifiability this sensor data. finally, smart contracts can provide automated governance supply chains and manage commercial relationships between actors along them[-]. the ambrosus project ambrosus ambitious project dedicated making the vision have described reality. the project made some the world's leading experts and pioneers the areas sensor technology, data encryption, supply chains, blockchain, smart contracts and dapps, among others (see team below). our team's mission create useful solutions for supply chains that enhance their quality, integrity and transparency, thus improving the quality and integrity the products all consume. believe this vision can best achieved through selfgoverned, quality-focused networks track products across relevant supply chains. these would true ecosystems based open platform enabled blockchain technology, with centralized owner. the ambrosus protocol being developed expressly allow the creation such ecosystems. ambrosus technology ambrosus end-to-end integrated solution that includes hardware, software, protocol layer and developer tools. the ambrosus protocol and the software layer top are built the ethereum blockchain well other distributed technologies that allow information from iot devices recorded onto decentralized network. are also building developer toolkit facilitate the creation apps top the network. this includes open api tailored the needs food and pharmaceutical supply chain participants, one that flexible enough use with any type commodity consumer good. javascript interface ambrosus sits top the blockchain layer, permitting users develop our platform without any blockchain programming knowledge. demonstrate how this can work, have built functioning prototype ecosystem that showcases the protocol's ability collect information from iot devices and record immutable decentralized databases. the time writing, have released demo applications built top the current implementation the protocol. these are publicly available online. the same time, the ambrosus team developing hardware sensors that feature plug-and-play compatibility with our blockchain network. the hardware products have built date include range non-invasive and rapid analytical devices for on-site measurement biological samples. are the process assembling iot sensors around containers and printers transform passive supply chain components into smart and intelligent systems. our development pipeline includes personalized tag methods well food grade tracers and biosensors transform passive packaging solutions into smart conveying systems. these products connect our blockchain through different gateways customized for different use cases. future iterations our system will include ready-made and reusable connectors rapidly share supply chain information with existing information services such sap oracle and which leverage standards such epcis (electronic product code information services)[]. the amber token the heart the ambrosus network the amber token, erc- compliant token that underpins all transactions the ambrosus network. amber the world's first data-bonded token. used bind continuously updated and verified logistical, environmental and biological data from the supply chain its corresponding product travels between counterparties. also used carry out transfers value within the ecosystem. such, the token performs both the utility and transfer value functions within the ecosystem applications built top ambrosus protocol. white paper our view, ambrosus the most advanced project date tackle the complex and often life-essential challenges posed today's global supply chains. the following chapters, examine the ambrosus protocol and the technologies being developed around the project. our hope that, with ambrosus, are creating tools that will enable all those involved supply chains meet industry challenges and create new generation trusted supply chains meet the world's life-essential needs. ambrosus protocol overview the following chapter, describe key components the ambrosus protocol well important details relating its structure and implementation. ... protocol components the ambrosus protocol constructed from three main components: measurements repository: built around the measurements smart contract, this component manages distributed dataset for product-specific measurements that built top programmable blockchain (ethereum) and distributed file system (ipfs). this smart contract used store readings specified attributes collected for given batch specified points along supply chain. some the properties this smart contract include: authentication: the data source authenticated and can cryptographically verified. transparency: the collected data publicly available any interested party. immutability: the collected data secured against changes deletion. capacity: the system capable storing large quantities small data packages. requirements smart contract: this enshrines the quality requirements compared with the content measurements smart contract. some the ways welldefined requirements can used and reused include: monitoring: users can verify that the quality particular batch products fulfills pre-defined requirements. agreements: multiple parties can automatically execute terms agreements comparing the content the measurements smart contract against the definition the requirements smart contract. this includes automatic payments settlement the blockchain. amber token: the data-bonded token architecture intrinsically ties data amb transactions the blockchain, connecting chains together products move through the supply chain. together, these components form the foundation the ambrosus protocol. ... system architecture the ambrosus protocol built support high data loads from hardware devices and network participants with substantially higher capacity than standard ethereum software implementations. the platform's architecture designed reusable different industries, even those outside the ambrosus core team's focus. discuss our system architecture detail the end this chapter. measurements repository the measurements repository component the ambrosus protocol manages distributed database for product-specific measurements. used store readings specified attributes collected for given item specified points along supply chain. key properties the measurement repository include authentication, capacity, transparency and immutability. will discuss first two the following sections. the latter two properties will natural consequence overall design. ... authentication the ambrosus network authenticates devices using publicprivate key cryptography. each device the network signs data transmissions with its unique private key order prove its identity authorised device. signatures from devices can verified against list authorised devices, which mapping public keys devices that publicly available smart contract. the measurements smart contract includes defined list authorized measurement devices. ambrosus-certified devices can added the list through the ambrosus platform. future implementations the ambrosus network, plan introduce open market for device manufacturers with associated reputation systems. when authorised device sends message the ambrosus network, its public key compared the authentication list for verification. once verified, the message accepted and recorded onto the blockchain. non-authorised device sends measurement, the signature verification fails and the measurement simply ignored. the diagram below demonstrates data transmission from measurement device customer device that authorised the ambrosus network. illustration data reading the ambrosus network ... capacity although single measurement typically less than bytes, the system designed collect potentially thousands measurements per batch, and batch may include data from multiple devices. thus, the long term, the ambrosus network will need handle terabytes data daily. achieve this network capacity, ambrosus has created custom blockchain that integrates with the ethereum blockchain and distributed storage system. our early design ambrosus, found that relying exclusively the ethereum blockchain for data storage was prohibitively limited its capacity handle ambrosus' full data needs. the dual architecture that ambrosus has created provides scalable solution the network's data capacity while maintaining decentralization, immutability and transparency. new measurement data stored leaves merkle tree. the measurements tree nodes are then mapped ipfs nodes. merkle tree structure that allows any party quickly verify the validity data branch leaf using the root hash the tree. the ambrosus network, this allows any network participant quickly verify that particular measurement part the given measurements repository. the root the merkle tree permanently stored the ambrosus network's measurements smart contract. every new measurement added the measurements smart contract creates new version the merkle tree with new root, which can then stored the measurements smart contract. retain scalable system structure, ambrosus chooses not save new root the tree every time the tree changes (i.e., when new measurement comes in). this would mean writing the blockchain whenever new data arrives. instead, the root the tree updated the smart contract periodically (e.g., once every readings). storing the merkle tree root the blockchain ensures the data cannot modified once written into contract. ambrosus also maintains the entire history all merkle roots ensure that data has vanished been altered between merkle tree updates. illustration merkle tree with readings and root stored ethereum contract requirements smart contract the second component the ambrosus protocol the requirements smart contract. this portion the protocol used define quality standards that can directly compared items the measurements smart contract. important that users create set well-defined, designed and tested requirements contracts which are publically available the blockchain. the requirements defined users will critical applications monitoring items the ecosystem. its simplest expression, the requirements smart contract determines whether product continuously meets standards defined interested participant the ambrosus network. for instance, party may define distribution requirements ensure food pharmaceutical products remain safe for consumption. however, the concept consumption relative and depends the product's purpose. for instance, product might need meet different requirements for: consumption humans consumption babies consumption animals consumption people with allergies consumption patients with certain conditions instant consumption future consumption further processing (of different types). for food products, ambrosus can further and define the various levels quality for particular product (e.g., low/mid/ high/premium quality). from technical perspective, requirements are lists statements based the readings from sensing devices. can define list measurement ranges that are acceptable example company the food industry. the following illustrative list requirements for batch milk, defining set the following ranges: temperature [degc degc], fat [.% .%], lactose %]. similarly, monitoring systems the pharmaceutical industry may define the following requirements for frozen vaccine storage: temperature [-degc -degc], humidity %], direct sunlight fluorescent light. requirements may described using different quantifiable variables: range, binary (true/false) statements with information supplied specific devices, input from human inspector (with the appropriate device and his own private key and reputation). complex statements are also permitted (e.g., the temperature must the range [degc degc] for longer than minutes and [degc degc] thereafter). alternative complex statement may define measurement timing (e.g., least one temperature measurement must taken every minutes). these complex statements may also coupled with instant financial rewards penalties for assuring failing assure high quality, respectively. expect more advanced requirements use statistical analysis and machine learning detect irregularities and support automated decision-making and real-time auditing. those algorithms can coded ethereum contracts performed off-chain and verified ethereum. requirements are sets smart contracts working together and delivering from each other, terms object-oriented programming, requirements can viewed composite design pattern. the diagram below provides detailed overview how requirements are structured. simplified uml class diagram for requirements contract amber token supporting the ambrosus network erc- compliant token called amber. amber the first data-bonded token. items move through the supply chain and are transformed the manufacturing process, the amber balance assigned particular batch can split and merged into multiple other measurements smart contracts, which together create graph representing the history given item. amber tokens are sent the network alongside readings and remain locked the measurements smart contract until batch has completed its movement through the supply chain. amber tokens remain bonded product until defined expiration date until the "termination event", which can defined purchase, delivery any other event the supply chain. end consumers can claim tokens the end the cycle. this way, tokens can recycled and return the ecosystem. the value gained recycling tokens incentivizes consumers purchase ambrosus-tracked products. this cycle also benefits producers, who receive free promotion. illustrative diagram token travelling through the system optimizing network costs bolster adoption ambrosus, important optimize the costs using the network. each individual supply chain uses unique transactions and contract deployments the ethereum network handle data items move through the chain. running transactions the ethereum blockchain has become fairly expensive, and our custom blockchain implementation solves this issue. instead the main ethereum network, the main transactional network used ambrosus the ambrosus blockchain, private version the ethereum blockchain. note that the term "private" potentially misleading here, the network public and can accessed anyone. the term only used this context distinguish the ambrosus blockchain from the ethereum main network. all smart contracts related the ambrosus protocol will run the ambrosus blockchain, which will periodically copied the ethereum main network for further validation. while the amber token crowdsale will initially take place the ethereum blockchain, amber tokens will transferred the ambrosus network once the construction the ambrosus blockchain complete. architecture ... layered architecture the lowest level, ambrosus set core ethereum smart contracts (including but not limited the measurements and requirements smart contracts introduced the previous sections). these serve core business logic ambrosus and support data storage. javascript library sits above our contract layer. the javascript layer exposes the ambrosus protocol interface application developers. abstracts the details related particular implementation choices (e.g., currently use ethereum blockchain and ipfs distributed storage). this layer also used run software that does not need distributed and/or expensive implement smart contract, such offline measurement verification. on-chain and off-chain operations are combined here into single consistent interface. the top layer ambrosus consists react component library. provides components for building applications top ambrosus network. this layer can accessed any web browser and connects the javascript layer. ... data architecture ambrosus uses additional three-layer architecture for storing data: the first layer library used store large quantities small data with blockchain and distributed file systems. this layer can store collections individual data transparent, persistent and immutable manner. core concepts here are signed data and merkle trees. the second layer dedicated supply chains. employs concepts such measurements and requirements smart contracts. the top layer ambrosus.js, protocol dedicated food and pharmaceutical supply chains, with specific types measurements and requirements related those industries. overall technical overview ambrosus' architecture protocol along with the key dependencies given below. also provide sample application demonstrate how interacts with ambrosus. dependency diagram for application using ambrosus depending the needs particular project, developers can use some all the features our javascript and react libraries and/or the measurements and requirements smart contracts. supply chain data the previous section focused the software components ambrosus. this section describes how data originates devices and its journey ambrosus' software. tag, tracer and sensor systems key attribute the ambrosus network its comprehensive support for iot hardware and sensors, which provides the ability tag and monitor physical objects and transmit data associated with them. this compatibility allows goods tracked throughout the supply chain and assures full integrity readings. the ambrosus network primarily collects data from tags, tracers and sensors. tag element set the product itself, generally top the packaging, that provides information about the product and its identity. d/d barcodes and passive electronic rfid stickers are examples common tagging systems. tracer natural compositional feature product added component inserted into product, while sensor device that detects and responds some type input from the physical environment. sensors characterize the product and/ its environmental physico-chemical properties. tracer will remain stable throughout its entire supply chain journey, whereas the correct sensor solution would need designed for each counterparty the supply chain and will likely require more upfront investment and knowledge product properties. tracers are the ideal solution track and trace products. when implemented supply chain, sensor solutions assess quality, safety and logistical conditions. detection systems specific detection systems are selected and deployed ambrosus various stages the supply chain offer the most effective and cost-efficient assessment each product each stage. product's physio-chemical structure, composition and quality attributes may vary throughout the supply chain and must continuously assessed verify conformity with standards set participants the network. there are several types sensor systems that can used detect product's physical state. analytical systems are based physical methods analysis, including optical, electrical, acoustical and nuclear techniques. biosensors and chemical sensors are further types analytical systems which may used detect levels, allergens and other types physical properties. where appropriate, further methods such immunological and enzymatic techniques dna and protein assays are also used assess food. environmental attributes such temperature, light exposure, humidity, movement and oxygen are also recorded. hardware devices provide platform automate the input data into system and create trusted basis data input. data transmission when information transmitted from device the ambrosus network, the data bonded amber token and sent the network. common information that may sent data transmission includes: tag ids, location and time, tracer, sensors and gateway ids; digitized certificates and transaction ids; product quality and safety attributes; transportation, handling and storage conditions measured sensors; producer operability, capability and workability; integrity detection systems; amber token follows product batch along the supply chain, acting digital certificate that ensures the transparent transfer information. all prior information can retrieved any supply chain stage. the diagram below shows how data transmitted across the ambrosus network. ambrosus technology architecture the data from the detection system encoded and encrypted the sensor level using hardware cryptography technology. the encrypted content then sent the edge gateway over various local communication interfaces such ble, nfc rfid technologies, depending the specific limitations particular implementation (e.g., bandwidth, cost distance). the bundle then decrypted the edge gateway, which has low power processing capabilities analyse basic rules and will only forward product information required the network. the edge gateway device composed microcontroller with the ability collect, aggregate and select data from various devices, before performing basic analysis transmit only the necessary data downstream another edge gateway the internal gateway. many cases, the edge gateway will need powered batteries energy harvesting and able operate continuously for several weeks months enable mobile solutions. thus, some logic can embedded and distributed through the edge gateways and even through sensors that have this feature. the overall architecture can adapted developers according the specifications each product, supply chain and application. team partners core: angel versetti (ceo), stefan meyer (cto), marek kirejczyk (lead blockchain developer), matthew roberts (lead blockchain developer); prof jean-paul sandoz (lead engineer); prof. esther amstad (lead scientist); katerina ianishevska (communication manager); konrad szalwinski (lead front-end developer). advisors: dr. gavin wood (technical advisor, core architecture); dr. jutta steiner (technical advisor, supply chain); dr. vlad trifa (technical advisor, hardware); prof. malcolm povey (scientific advisor, food reassurance); dr. fabiola dionisi (scientific advisor, quality control); prof. sandro carrara (scientific advisor, biosensors); jehan chu (strategic advisor), david drake (strategic advisor), jaron lukasiewicz (strategic advisor); dhanesh kothari (mentor), tom lyons (communications advisor); david wachsman (public relations advisor). partners/supporters: epfl innovation park, swiss federal institute technology; department economic promotion, government canton vaud, switzerland; united nations -year framework programmes, sustainable food systems programme; eit food, european institute technology; ldj capital; kenetic capital; parity technologies; bitcoin suisse; crypto valley association; masschallenge; microsoft bizspark; mme; wachsmanpr; trek therapeutics; monaco growth forums; lyons communications. appendix case studies initial market tests ambrosus already actively working with industry partners study various potential uses the protocol. the list below contains market-fit studies are currently running. detailed documentation our studies and the output the pilot projects are regularly published separate documents, which can accessed https://ambrosus.com/#tech-docs. are actively testing different solutions with industry partners. these solutions include: traceability various raw materials brand protection for premium products deploying real-time compliance auditing system monitoring correct delivery conditions for frozen goods recording factory manufacturing procedures for audit traceability secured data transmission and management for clinical trials quality checker app for premium products originating from china food industry: compliance and auditing the food industry dogged regular scandals, the latest being the egg scandal europe, where consumers suffered from fraudulent practices involving fresh eggs contaminated pesticides[]. mishandling and fraudulent processes are almost always eventually discovered, but the time they are brought public attention, the damage done. consumers have already bought, and likely consumed, the product, leading potential health issues, loss confidence, recalls, and other penalties. these problems stem from lack auditing. companies are audited far too rarely, and the auditing process itself time consuming and inefficient. blockchain has the potential transform many business processes, making the data used those processes more available, transparent, immediate and secure. the immutability, immediacy and transparency information captured within the ambrosus blockchain means that all necessary data can recorded the ambrosus network and made available near real time. such world, stakeholders are longer simple recipients post-hoc reports; they instead become part real-time process. applying blockchain technology the food supply chain, ambrosus disrupting the whole food auditing process. one the most exciting features blockchain from compliance perspective its practical immutability: soon data saved onto the blockchain, cannot changed deleted. this feature makes blockchain technology ideal for automated and transparent operations, allowing companies meet their regulatory and compliance requirements cost-effective way. practice, digital smart tracers product will connected the ambrosus network. the product moves along the supply chain and passes different stages and sensors, amber tokens will sent and follow it, recording actions and their outputs immutably onto the blockchain. this creates audit trail for regulatory bodies government agencies verify compliance, with all the information they require readily available near real time. this information clearly valuable businesses too. with its near real-time data, ambrosus can support the greater automation supply chain processes. this has impact the ongoing management supply chain, which can use these automated process make the work businesses and government agencies easier fraction the current cost. the ambrosus solution offers regulators direct access the supply chain, allowing them continuously monitor products and assure compliance with the most stringent laws and regulations. relying trustworthy, up-to-date data recorded blockchain, both businesses and governments can restore consumers' trust the system. healthcare industry: data information management the healthcare industry has been trying for while now encourage patients take more active role managing their own care self-administering medicines[] which are usually taken hospitals bought pharmacy. delivering personalized prescriptions patients' homes would free much-needed capacity elsewhere the system and thus important challenge for the pharmaceutical industry. but migrating from system which care provided relatively small number hospitals, clinics and surgeries one which care provided through widespread network nurses and community carers has enormous ramifications. pharma companies will need distribute products many more locations, including patients' homes. will have able deliver new therapies requiring rapid and constraining shipping solutions, especially emerging markets, with better risk management and compliance with more stringent quality requirements. the pharmaceutical industry will therefore have harness the most efficient 'final mile' distribution networks order deliver medicines economically possible. the immediate challenge for healthcare change its business model consumer-centric one, with demanddriven supply chain. the key preventing such supply chain from becoming too fragmented and complex seamless bidirectional management information between patients and pharmaceutical companies. information about patients and the medicines they need will thus important the products themselves. ambrosus designed for long and complex supply chains. for the healthcare industry, the ambrosus protocol can connect digital smart tracers medical products, with amber tokens serving connect the medical product and the sensor-generated data about it. product moves through the supply chain and passes along different stages and sensors, amber tokens follow persistently. this creates the highest assurance traceability and compliance for all ingredients and components drugs, while the same time monitoring proper handling conditions for them. necessary, the solution can even tailored the personal needs individual patients. any parameters can encoded through the smart contracts which power the ambrosus protocol. the ambrosus protocol acts the backbone for the information platforms needed logistics systems record and exchange data securely and economically with suppliers around the world, recall and analyse data very rapidly and respond sudden changes supply and demand. the protocol complemented ambrosus tracers and sensor systems that assure advanced tracking capabilities, which enable logistics systems monitor products from the factory gate the patient's door efficiently and securely, eliminating any scope for human error. amber tokens are tied data for specific product, from components medicine logistics, and the patients themselves. this information directly bound the physical product. the patient can thus use the amber attached their drug extract all the information they need before taking the medicine. ambrosus provides this functionality via simple and intuitive user interface. amber can thus act digital certificate attesting product compliance, guaranteeing that the entire process and shipment procedures were carried out properly and following high standards. this will avoid manipulation and process failure and protect patients' health. short, ambrosus offers integrated supply chain solution dedicated solving the challenges faced the pharmaceutical industry today and tomorrow. ii. current state and future work the time writing, have implemented prototype protocol along with example apps which use the protocol. prototype the screenshot below from application using the protocol. the app provides distributed marketplace for food, where parties can agree the quality food delivered. quality measured and stored distributed storage. escrow allows agreement automatically settled based sensor readings, allowing the creation quality-conditional contracts. demo available at: ambrosus-demo.com. protocol the current state the ambrosus protocol available our github page (https://github.com/ambrosus). iii references http://www.mckinsey.com/business-functions/operations/ourinsights/the-challenges-ahead-for-supply-chains-mckinseyglobal-survey-results the top ten global health supply chain issues: perspectives from the field, privett, gonsalvez, operations research for health care traceability agriculture and food supply chain: review basic concepts, technological implications, and future prospects article european journal operational research january non-invasive sensing for food reassurance, analyst,,-, xiaobo, xiawei povey http://firstmonday.org/ojs/index.php/fm/article/view//publisher=first https://blog.ethereum.org////daos-dacs-das-and-morean-incomplete-terminology-guide/ https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/epcis bfr.bund.de, health-assessment-individual-measurements-offipronil-levels-detected-eggs.pdf pwc, pharma--supplying-the-future.pdf many thanks for your attention. ambrosus team ambrosus.com info@ambrosus.com ambrosus technologies gmbh epfl innovation park, station lausanne, switzerland gotthardstrasse zug, switzerland tel.