amon card world's first intelligent crypto card with powerful artificial intelligence revolutionize your everyday spending www.amon.tech document id: amn table contents executive summary amon card the value amon brings the crypto industry and the end user target user what amon card and how can used amon card project overview amon artificial intelligence system (aais) artificial intelligence system real time payment real time exchange formula example- artificial intelligence system new features artificial intelligence system milestones amn token benefits benefits card fees benefits customer service cashback cards why amon better than competition road map timeline technology roadmap cybersecurity, information governance and risk management centralized architecture decentralisation vision payment system process wireframes examples business plan revenue and transaction market share revenue and transactions funds distribution marketing human resources security intelligence system and finance legal and facilities funding allocation overview partners www.amon.tech document id: amn executive summary amon multi-cryptocurrency debit card for everyday use backed revolutionary artificial intelligence users crypto industry are facing two major problems: using their crypto for every-day purchases when real time conversion complex crypto market's volatility impedes its mass adoption for routine purchases amon proposes the solutions: the amon pay that allows real time conversion for everyday spending, starting with eth, btc and ltc amon system, tool help users take decisions against market volatility. the tool able calculate the returns cryptocurrencies within the user's portfolio and suggests the most convenient cryptocurrency convert real time the amon system using cutting edge software learn the way markets fluctuate. intelligently learns predict changes for the future, time goes this will "learn" the trades even more accurately. the amon wallet and card are beta version and will launched the market during the token sale. the amn tokens will give users different benefits such discounted fees and better customer service amon has partnered with different companies for card issuance, know your customer (kyc) process, security frameworks and support with trading algorithm. our -year business plan based our forecasts market research studies such the university cambridge (may and planned the potential market share that could release the market. realistic scenario, amon will able reach during the year users and hit users the fifth year. compared our forecasts also with other competitors such monaco and tokencard and have chosen more conservative approach. amon planning gain market share the potential market. forecast revenues grow from eur million. eur million over years. www.amon.tech document id: amn amon card the value amon brings the crypto industry and the end user the amon card project aims bring cryptocurrencies people's daily life through user-friendly wallet and the support our artificial intelligence system. our goal help people use cryptocurrencies their daily life just like they with fiat currencies. this will benefit the whole cryptocurrency ecosystem. fact, incentivizing the user cryptocurrencies their daily life, the industry will gain more acceptance amongst regulators that remain sceptical. order reach this goal, amon card will introduce the market functionalities, that will spur the user adoption improving two fundamental aspects the cryptocurrency conversion process: real time conversion from cryptocurrencies fiat currently the majority the crypto cards the market allow conversion only from bitcoin fiat currencies. with this process, crypto currency holders who want pay using crypto currencies, have through step process. these steps imply that users have bear different transactions costs and long processes get their money out their wallets. with amon card want create smoother process allowing users make real time transactions with single transaction and single fee. amon card simplifies crypto use for every day purchases. image real time transactions bringing cryptocurrencies into people's daily life www.amon.tech document id: amn provide users with our artificial intelligence system, enable them able control their portfolio volatility one the most challenging points for crypto currency owners the volatility the market. not uncommon for crypto currency drop gain much within hours. this fluctuating real entry-barrier for both current and potential users using crypto for every-day purchases. the aim amon card creating tool that allows users have more control over these fluctuations. with intelligent system, amon card calculates automatically the best performing crypto currency the wallet. thanks the intelligent system, the user can decide which crypto currency use performing payment, not having check every time the market fluctuations: amon card will suggest the best conversion. the intelligent system also great tool improve profits margins suggests the fluctuations the crypto currencies the user's wallet and allows them optimize profits. image intelligence system amon wallet unique added value for amon users and for the crypto industry take away: "the amon card project will bring crypto currencies into daily life. are not only creating crypto card, but also helping users control their portfolios' volatility with built artificial intelligence. believe that assisting users spend their crypto currencies easily and supporting them controlling their portfolio fluctuations, can incentivize crypto currency usage daily life. consequence, will help crypto-currency's mass adoption." www.amon.tech document id: amn target user the target market represented any user wanting spend cryptocurrencies fiat currencies with reduced costs. our main focus will cryptocurrency users that can use our intelligent system. particular, are very much interested attracting crypto users that have more than one cryptocurrency their wallet that they can take full advantage the amon features. have seen that from (as may users investing cryptocurrencies other than bitcoin increased from being the total market share the crypto industry. new cryptocurrencies will keep growing their market share within the crypto industry and will leverage this growth penetrate the market with the amon intelligence system. what amon card and how can used amon card revolutionary debit card that allows real time conversion from cryptocurrencies fiat currencies. the card holder does not need convert the cryptocurrencies fiat before actually spending it. cryptocurrencies are converted real time fiat currency the moment the payment. works with btc, eth, ltc, erc- and more will implemented with new releases. amon card, also the first intelligent card the planet. the crypto currency market volatile that hard know which crypto currency will maximize value the user while making real time payment. for this reason, created system that helps the card user choose what the best performing crypto currency his wallet the moment the payment. the amon wallet also flexible gives the users the possibility decide among three types usage options: www.amon.tech document id: amn preferred cryptocurrency: pay always with the same crypto currency the card holder can choose pay always with the same crypto currency every time. image user can choose convert always from specific cryptocurrency user scenario janet from australia: janet year old analyst for multinational company based melbourne. she passionate about the blockchain technology and invests small amounts her salary into crypto currencies. after bitcoin's meteoric rise, she decided invest also other crypto currencies while still keeping most her portfolio bitcoin. janet does not have any interest speculation and does not check the crypto market every day, she mainly gets informed daily basis about the bitcoin value. for this reason, janet decides pay with bitcoin everytime she uses her amon card for daily purchases. www.amon.tech document id: amn on-the-spot selection: choose the time the payment this option allows the card holder select the crypto currency before each payment. image user can choose convert always from specific cryptocurrency user scenario vladimir from russia: vladimir year old student the moscow state university. after making some researches about cryptocurrencies and blockchain decided put some savings into digital coins. heard about bitcoin from some friends, but not expert the market. after reading the amon white paper understands the benefit the amon wallet and card and decides purchase bitcoin, ethereum and amon tokens. keen learning more about the crypto world and therefore checks every day the value the coins and the trends. vladimir chooses the option select the coin convert the time the real payment feels this will the best option achieve the highest margin and also keep him motivated learn about digital asset trends. www.amon.tech document id: amn amon artificial intelligence system: pay directly with the best performing cryptocurrency chosen the amon system the amon artificial intelligence system chooses the best crypto currency based maximum value the card holder the moment purchase. image user can select the cryptocurrency convert the time the payment the amon intelligent card system works simple steps, explained the following example. user scenario john from the united kingdom: john wants buy coffee cafe and wants pay with the amon card intelligence system amon card analyses john's wallet and what the best performing cryptocurrency. amon card able identify the crypto currency with the highest value the holder used that specific point time based multiple factors. that specific crypto currency shown john, which john can the accept. take away: cryptocurrency purchasing value cryptocurrency current value "amon card has all, allows users choose between three types conversions: convert always from the same cryptocurrency, convert the time the payment and convert with the amon intelligence system" www.amon.tech document id: amn amon card project overview with amon will bring added value users and the crypto ecosystem. below you will find overview the main added values that are bringing the market. overview misson added value for amon users support the use cryptocurrencies everyday life with our artificial intelligence system. make conversions from cryptocurrencies fiat easier and provide users with tool control their portfolio volatility real time conversion allows users reduce transaction costs amon intelligence system helps users have control their portfolio volatility and improves the profit margin target users any cryptocurrency holder can use amon card but our target audience mainly users with more than one cryptocurrency their portfolio that they can benefit from our intelligent system blockchain support the launch the wallet will integrate bitcoin, ethereum and litecoin. following this, will progressively add dash and other cryptocurrencies. system amon system will support data integration system cryptocurrency current and expected return with the aim reduce the negative impact the market volatility three possible card usages convert from same cryptocurrency choosing cryptocurrency convert real time convert using the intelligent system wallet app mvp available november and will launched during the token sale debit card reach available worldwide www.amon.tech document id: amn amon artificial intelligence system (aais) amon artificial intelligence system has been developed help users control their portfolio fluctuations. plan implement different features make the system always more and more efficient. first feature, the aais able calculate real time the best performing cryptocurrency among the ones held the wallet. furthermore, will implement advanced features. artificial intelligence system real time payment the artificial intelligence system integrated with the amon card will convert automatically the best performing cryptocurrency supporting the user's choice the time the exchange. real time exchange formula example catherine has her wallet, three cryptocurrencies: bitcoin (btc), purchased follow: btc price eur. btc price eur. btc price eur. litecoin (ltc), purchased the price eur ether (eth), purchased the price eur catherine wants purchase sandwich shop and has chosen rely the amon artificial intelligence system. the current prices the cryptocurrencies the time the payment are the btc eur. ltc eur eth eur amon intelligence system will compute the following calculation evaluate the best performing cryptocurrency the wallet: for btc, the system will calculate the volume-weighted average price (vwap) between the values the time purchasing. the vwap btc (purchased eur.), btc (purchased eur.) and btc (purchased eur.), eur. the current price btc eur., therefore calculate the profit the system will compute: (eur. /eur.) for ltc, the system will compute (eur/ eur) for eth, the system will compute (eur/ eur) the intelligence system has calculated the best performing cryptocurrency based the purchasing and selling price the cryptocurrency. the system will show catherine the performance her wallet: www.amon.tech document id: amn btc current return ltc current return eth current return the amon system will suggest catherine pay ltc since has higher return. artificial intelligence system new features the current feature the artificial intelligence system only the initial feature more complex system that will develop. have started work new functionalities always improve our system with the goal help amon users take better decisions. the new features will take consideration volatility, historical data and other variables that will use give advices how the user's crypto might perform. these features don't aim make exact predictions but are only geared towards supporting user's decisions. are planning introduce further features our system artificial intelligence system milestones artificial intelligent milestones develop and optimize the real time conversion artificial intelligence system implementation and optimization the artificial intelligence system based user's cost and current price new features the intelligence system implement features support users decisions www.amon.tech document id: amn take away: "amon intelligence system can merge financial models considering current and expected returns crypto currencies. tool that will constantly improved help users make decisions, control market volatility and optimize their portfolio's profit margins while ensuring don't claim make any exact predictions" amn token benefits the launch amn token will make possible the continual improvements the amon wallet and the amon intelligence system. have developed benefit and extra-services plan for amn tokens holders. benefits card fees one the benefit that amn tokens holders will receive discounts card fees. our cards will have different fees and limits. fee amon monaco tenx wirex xapo spectrocoin physical card issuing fee free (if user holds amn tokens for months make transactions per month) free (if user holds certain amount monaco tokens for months) eur. eur/ eur/eur/ps free free eur. eur. eur./eur./ps. free (if user holds amn tokens for months make transactions per month) free (if user holds certain amount monaco tokens for months) free (eur with amn tokens time service notes office hours (cet time) regular chat service will provide regular and efficient customer service the indicated hours line regular chat service will provide regular and efficient customer service any time the day line with priority line dedicated team with priority line will have dedicated team any time the day cashback users the amon gold and platinum card will receive from each transaction they make with the amon card the form amn tokens (similar how users are rewarded with air-miles). this incentive for users the amon card will have great benefit existing token holders since this recurring redistribution tokens will create additional demand for tokens the market. take away: "holding amon tokens will allow users have benefits and extra-service for the use the amon intelligent cards" www.amon.tech document id: amn cards amon will release three types cards: silver, gold and platinum. only contributors joining the whitelist token sale will get the amon gold card for free along with special benefits. follow our private social media groups discover the special benefits. card fee: free delivery: free monthly fee: free (if holding minimum amn tokens) customer service: customer service cashback: amn token cash back www.amon.tech document id: amn why amon better than competition competitors overview amon tenx monaco tokencard xapo wirex only with bitcoin only with bitcoin only only multi-crypto wallet real time conversion artificial intelligent system dedicated customer service worldwide reach www.amon.tech not applicable document id: amn road map timeline date july november december milestone description amon project starts team set and project start off card company agreement agreement with debit/credit card issuer based gibraltar amon wallet mvp demo wallet app integrated with bitcoin (btc) first round investment new partnerships private investment and partnerships with top companies white paper white paper ready implementation ltc, erc and fiat currencies implementation other cryptocurrencies and fiat currencies based customer needs system real time payments implementation the system the first stage private token sale launch only whitelist contributors can join public token sale launch public token sale roll out release amon wallet the public and roll out amon cards starting with whitelist contributors and following with other amon users release new features the system release new features the system e-money license e-money licencing application application for e-money license decentralization www.amon.tech document id: amn technology roadmap cybersecurity, information governance and risk management the amon cybersecurity and governance architecture has been mostly developed ixonn group, top security company focused the fintech market, global banks and exchanges, having among its clients great icons such the reserve bank australia. ixonn key integral part within amon team deliver policies and references for the secure management and operation amon business processes, and these include the following standards, guidelines and frameworks: secure code development standard information security roles responsibilities security testing framework information security framework information security risk management financial crime risk management framework reputational risk management framework identity management, authentication and access control standards information security controls standard operational risk management framework amon implements the framework after detailed evaluation the current industry posture, and drawing from concise source list government and industry adopted standards including: nist (national institute standards and technology) cybersecurity framework, iso (international organization for standardization) and iec (international electrotechnical commission) and frameworks, isaca, cobit, pci dss and finra (financial industry regulatory authority). the amon cybersecurity and governance architecture framework supports informed decisions within the organization identify and manage cybersecurity risks. the framework defines risk management policies, processes and structures for: definition, implementation and adoption the governance framework; engagement executive management and board level cybersecurity issues; and execution regular cybersecurity risk assessments. detailed documents about security frameworks are shared the amon website. the amon cybersecurity and governance architecture framework based the sabsa (sherwood applied business security architecture) framework, amon has adapted and implemented the cybersecurity architecture. www.amon.tech document id: amn image amon cybersecurity and governance architecture www.amon.tech document id: amn the amon architecture diagram describes the relationship between the different levels the framework. the business context the reference point for the information security framework. the business risk appetite applied security best practices principles, controls and enablers customise security posture applicable amon the security controls and enablers are categorised across six architectural layers: physical, platform, data, network, application, identity and access. each architectural layer has strategic direction for implementation the controls and enablers. the information cybersecurity policy provides the charter for the amon information security group implement the controls. the security standards; blueprints; design guides; templates; patterns; services; products and tools provide increasing granularity how the controls are implemented. secure code development amon objectives for secure code development based standard references, per industry best practices for vulnerability management (e.g. owasp, sans csw and cert secure coding), used common set criteria that applied measure and evaluate application development, its tools and processes. the secure code development standard established amon, defines rules and recommendations guide the development secure amon applications during the build phase the development life cycle. the purpose the secure code development standard to: ensure the development and communication clear secure code development behaviours/requirements; define consistent and effective approach secure code development through repeatable documentation, processes and practices; ensure security issues are identified; ensure all identified issues are remediated risk accepted; consistent education and awareness approaches secure code development; and implement oversight and governance increase visibility amon's cybersecurity posture. www.amon.tech document id: amn image amon secure code development process information security roles responsibilities standard the amon information cybersecurity policy includes specific roles and responsibilities for personnel working for the amon group staff member, contractor consultant. this standard acts reference for all team members and provide high levels awareness for new team members. describes the line reporting, raci structure and escalation for security incident management. security testing framework this standard reflects the requirements the information security policy relating security testing and applicable all systems and applications across all platforms. the security testing process demonstrates steps that must undertaken prior, during and after testing commences: www.amon.tech document id: amn image amon security testing process information security framework the amon information security framework (isf) provides overarching guidance and methods through complementary detailed documents ensure the overall security amon group information. establishes common language for information security within the organisation, define the overall model and reference documents links external frameworks outside the information security group. information security risk management framework this framework elaborates the security-related risk and issue management concepts contained amon's information security policy and amon cybersecurity and governance architecture framework. financial crime risk management framework the financial crime risk management framework sets out the amon's approach managing number financial crime risks. the framework intends complement and not replace other relevant frameworks for financial crime including the operational risk, reputational risk and compliance frameworks. reputational risk management framework the reputation risk management framework sets out our approach managing reputation risk. integral part the amon board-approved risk management strategy and supported our principles for doing business and amon group code conduct. identity management, authentication and access control standards this standard reflects the requirements the amon information cybersecurity policy relating the control identity access assets, and applicable all systems applications across all platforms. additionally, the standard also articulates identity access management design principles that applications are required comply with under the identity management strategy. www.amon.tech document id: amn centralized architecture blockchain technologies have been created decentralize control over user's accounts. its first release, amon system will use centralized system, many today's mainstream platforms (exchanges, coinbase, etc.). technically, means that amon will control the private keys their users. in-app transactions (card payment, exchanges) are actually off-chain transactions. for advanced security, all the blockchain accounts are using multi-signature and all the keys are encrypted with aes guarantee that neither malicious hacker even amon team, can control any coin. despite its centralized system, there are many benefits this approach: usability giving users the full control over their accounts implies more responsibility. users would have create backup each wallet they have, and not lose them. amon will rather use traditional user/password authentication that enable users have account recovery option, thanks multi-factor authentication. instant exchanges order provide instant in-app exchange and card payments, must use virtual balances. using on-chain transactions for exchanges and card payments nearly impossible today with most existing blockchains, because time and fees. card spending requires almost-instant settlements, and users want have quick access their funds after exchanging from one currency another one. reduced fees off-chain transactions are virtually free. amon only need create on-chain transaction which implies fees when user wants withdraw money from their cryptocurrencies wallets. centralized service, amon can bulk these transactions from several users, thus reducing per-user fees. decentralisation vision cryptocurrency first-adopter, the amon team strongly believes the value blockchain and decentralisation, and this why are creating this product, which will help massive adoption cryptocurrencies. the centralized system propose just the first release that will allow bootstrap and spread the project quickly. decentralization the first priority our mid-term technical roadmap. already are considering two different approach reach this goal: off-chain blockchain transactions although not ready yet, there are some already existing project which aims solving the transactions time and fees issue. comit and cosmos network are good example for that. www.amon.tech document id: amn basically, they are blockchain-powered networks which can allow secure, cheap and fast transaction between existing blockchains. both are really good projects and would fit our needs, but they are not ready today used production. though, our r&d team already hard work creating poc with these tools and trying think about how they can fit our business model. deporting trust different approach from off-chain transactions would displace the trust from the user us. instead forcing user trust about keeping their money secure, the idea would that amon that trust the user. this scenario, all the users would have decentralized wallet which amon have zero control. for the use the credit card, the user would have credit equivalent their actual cryptocurrency portfolio and their previous spendings. regularly, would ask the user pay back amon depending their uptake. this approach, would release open-source wallet, with client-side managed keys. the process paying back amon for the card expenses with the user consent would implemented in-app for ease use. would mean that would have handle more advanced risk-management and make contracting with the users for the card registration alleviate fraud. technology milestones milestone date november december demo wallet app btc card integration wallet eth information security risk management framework secure code development standard information security roles responsibilities artificial intelligence system first milestone cryptocurrencies financial crime, reputational risk and identity risk management litecoin erc fiat currencies wallet release amon card roll out release new features the system based users need www.amon.tech decentralization document id: amn payment system process amon card gives the possibility the users make real time payments without needing convert the cryptocurrency their wallet before making the real transaction. every time user spends cryptocurrencies with merchant withdraws atm, amon will provide fiat currencies exchange cryptocurrencies. doing this amon will need consistent amount daily liquidity that have calculated our business plan cover all the transactions. the chart below describes the payment flow. image payment process for real time transactions take away: "amon partnered with top security company that works already with banks such the reserve bank australia. security protocols and framework will applied constantly guarantee the security the amon transactions" www.amon.tech document id: amn wireframes examples www.amon.tech document id: amn business plan here want shed light our target market share the crypto card industry and the expected user-base and volumes the next years. our estimations and assumptions are supported market research analysis made the university cambridge, pulse network and other competitor's analysis. revenues are estimated start from the market share that amon likely gain within the market and from the number transactions amon users. revenue and transaction market share estimated revenues are based the market share that amon card wants capturein the crypto debit card market. order estimate our revenue reviewed market analysis and estimated three layers market share: total market the market has been analysed estimating the number active users the crypto industry. the market analysis the university cambridge estimates the number active cryptocurrency users between and million (as may have considered their realistic scenario million total number active users the crypto industry. addressable market from the total market, are taking consideration only the users that have more than one cryptocurrency their portfolio. even the amon card aims reach all the users that want use crypto their daily life, the company's main target will represented users that have more cryptocurrencies because they can benefit from our artificial intelligence system. considering that the crypto users have cryptocurrencies other than bitcoin, consider our "addressable market" mio potential amon card users mio). www.amon.tech document id: amn image cryptocurrencies market share (as may note: according the market analysis made the university cambridge, the active crypto users are investing for bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies. target amon market share from the addressable market estimated possible scenarios: negative, realistic and positive, aiming reach respectively and the addressable market during the first year. according our estimations our realistic scenario, reaching the addressable market will able acquire amon customers during the first year. concerning the user growth, the amount customers will grow every year for two main reasons: amon market penetration continuous growth crypto industry: according the realistic estimation the university cambridge, there are more users every year entering the crypto industry. www.amon.tech document id: amn overview the amon market share penetration users total market active users crypto industry addressable market active users having more cryptocurrencies their wallet target market share first year number amon users notes mio estimated the university cambridge their realistic scenario mio considering main amon target, users with more cryptocurrencies their portfolio, are taking into consideration the total market according our realistic estimation, will able penetrate the addressable market during the first year note: debit issuer study pulse network cambridge university market analysis cryptocurrency market www.amon.tech document id: amn revenue and transactions realistic scenario the realistic scenario are considering penetration the addressable market. considering that our competitor monaco collected amount card requests during the first months after the ico, believe that our estimation achieving users during the first year realistic. target market (realistic) year year year year year card holders transactions per year user transactions per year user transactions per month user transaction per day average user spent per transaction eur eur eur eur eur average user spent per year eur eur eur eur eur liquidity volume per day eur eur eur eur eur total transaction volume per year eur eur eur ,,, eur ,,, eur ,,, transactions amn transactions amn licencing fees accrued eur eur eur eur eur revenue eur eur eur eur eur www.amon.tech document id: amn positive scenario the positive scenario are considering penetration the addressable market. depending how our ico will perform might able reach higher penetration the market shorter time and therefore reach, the first year, about amon card users. consider that our competitors have forecasted their positive scenario reach double the number the users that are forecasting, can affirm very conservative also our positive forecast. target market (realistic) year year year year card holders transactions per year user transactions per year user transactions per month user transaction per day average user spent per transaction eur eur eur eur eur average user spent per year eur eur eur eur eur liquidity volume per day eur eur eur eur eur total transaction volume per year eur eur eur ,,, eur ,,, eur ,,, transactions amn transactions amn licencing fees accrued eur eur eur eur eur revenue eur eur eur eur eur www.amon.tech year document id: amn funds distribution marketing marketing will the main expense for amon due the fact that costs advertising crypto raising day after day. therefore, will take our funding. are planning make outreach, influencers marketing, content creation, social ads and work seo strategy. are also planning make content such videos and infographics that will help explain our mission the crypto ecosystem our amon customers. human resources believe that creating great team the key for the success. therefore, will allocate the funding human resources. particular, would like create efficient customer service team since have noticed that most the platforms the market stem from lack good customer service. security security will also our top list taking each our funding. are proud partnering with top cyber security company, ixonn with offices australia, israel, brazil and usa, that will test our applications keep them with world class, certified security. intend lead the world this. intelligence system and finance believe that our intelligence system will help users control their portfolio volatility and improve their transactions efficiency. therefore, are planning hire top mathematicians and traders continue always improve our intelligence system and increase the value our system. legal and facilities based our company country with more advanced crypto regulation and partnered with top legal company that will support the acquisition the e-money licencing became accredited issuer. www.amon.tech document id: amn funding allocation overview image amon funding allocation overview www.amon.tech document id: amn partners daneel.io the most powerful a.i. cryptocurrency daneel personal assistant using ibm watson technology, one the most efficient artificial intelligence platforms the market. daneel has your back, supporting you offering daily assistance the world cryptocurrency. will able understand you and interact with you, keep you informed real-time, with quality and reliable information, delicia.io decentralized food network connecting food retailers and consumers delicia decentralized food network powered blockchain and ai. maximizes food utilization and reduces wastage. offers real-time search for excess food restaurants, grocery packaged food stores and helps route them buyers discounted price. invoxfinance.io finance platform are excited offer small businesses worldwide solution their cash-flow problems providing accessible, low interest financing through our distributed invoice financing platform. www.amon.tech document id: amn