ampleforth: new synthetic commodity evan kuo, brandon iles, manny rincon cruz* may abstract synthetic commodities, such bitcoin, have thus far demonstrated low correlation with stocks, currencies, and precious metals. however, today's synthetics are also highly correlated with each other and with bitcoin. the natural question ask is: can synthetic commodity have low correlation with both bitcoin and traditional asset groups? this paper, introduce ampleforth: new synthetic commodity and suggest that the ampleforth protocol, detailed below, will produce step-function-like volatility fingerprint that distinct from existing synthetics. thank niall ferguson, sam lessin, noah jessop, and joey krug for their comments. the views expressed this paper are the authors' own and not reflect the views the hoover institute. this working paper circulated for discussion and comment purposes. has not been peer-reviewed. contact: research@ampleforth.org introduction monetary economists often highlight two money's properties--scarcity and use value. monetary historians, the way which these two properties are combined produce money depends the technological and institutional infrastructure the time. commodity moneys--that is, those which are absolutely scarce and have non-monetary use value--have been important throughout history. these were often precious metals, the supply and demand for which could change the course even large economies (von glahn this use precious metals was driven part need limit counterfeiting, but also raised the cost producing money, making even the simple feature multiple denominations nearly impossible achieve (velde and sargent non-monetary use yes yes commodity synthetic commodity coase durable fiat absolutely scarce table classification outside money this light, the second great innovation "money" was the creation true fiat money lacking both absolute scarcity and non-monetary use value. early attempts introduce such moneys failed--some spectacularly. only with the industrial revolution europe, and the ability introduce money "tokens" with high cost counterfeiting but low cost mint, could real fiat money produced. beyond innovations production, the successful integration fiat also called for institutional adaptations, such the widespread monetization and circulation government debt the form notes (ferguson still, most banknotes continued have some kind link gold silver until the final step fiat was taken when convertibility into commodity money was suspended since then, the value fiat has depended primarily the state's ability force its use payment. (most moneys have always had this feature for tax payments, but not their sole source value [desan ].) today's institutional and technological infrastructure has made possible third type money--synthetic commodities, defined selgin and goodspeed money that has absolute scarcity but lacks non-monetary use value. the vast majority modern-day money exists electronic form, costing nothing more than electricity and the depreciation hardware which stored--its value guaranteed wide variety financial institutions and their interrelated system controls and accounting. but the easy reproducibility electronic information made seemingly impossible for electronic moneys outside fiat exist. bitcoin's blockchain the technological innovation that makes this chimera absolute scarcity and use value possible. through the ubiquity the internet, bitcoin can exist cryptographically secured ledger between network computers, limited million units. interestingly, synthetic commodities have thus far demonstrated risk-return tradeoffs that are "distinct from those stocks, currencies, and precious metals;" having exposure most common stock market and macroeconomic factors (liu tsyvinski "crypto finance" continues converge with traditional financial institutions, investors are looking diversify their portfolios with bitcoin which not highly correlated with traditional asset groups. and while remains unclear how the new asset class will perform under periods macroeconomic recession, when it's common for interclass correlations increase, has been established there "little evidence" behind the popular narratives that there are similarities between cryptocurrencies and traditional assets. (liu tsyvinski however, current-generation synthetic commodities are highly correlated with one another and with bitcoin. our point departure ask, given today's changed technological and institutional landscape, can create synthetic commodity that not highly correlated with either bitcoin other asset classes? when bitcoin initially launched, there were exchanges critical points the ecosystem where information could have been gathered. but the institutional landscape has changed since with the bitcoin bull run now have regulated exchanges valued the billions. this modern-day ecosystem exchanges provides liquidity, and also serves efficient means price discovery. think the next logical experiment use the information signals available today's institutional infrastructure create new type synthetic commodity. this paper first introduce ampleforth, new synthetic commodity protocol, which propagates nominal exchange-rate information into token supply. then suggest that the incentives introduced the ampleforth protocol's design cannot realized with existing price-based trading strategies, and instead call for the creation new trading strategies that take additional supply information signal into consideration. for this reason, expect that amples will produce distinct volatility fingerprint. protocol high level the ampleforth protocol propagates price-information into supply reacting nominal exchange-rate information. the protocol achieves this actively seeking price-supply equilibrium--and will automatically enter state unrest until finds one. consider the following example: equilibrium alice has ample worth demand increases alice has ample worth equilibrium alice has amples each worth whether alice holds ample worth amples each worth makes difference terms net balance. the difference the ampleforth protocol directly propagates price-information each token owner through the count their token balances. expanding and contracting from coin holders directly, given user's percent ownership remains fixed unless the user chooses sell buy more. two simple rules the ampleforth protocol expands and contracts supply one two ways. given price target and price threshold, the nominal exchange rate between amples and its target the protocol responds expanding coin holders. the nominal exchange rate between amples and its target the price target threshold, and continues expand daily until the price target returns. actor looking only price cannot differentiate between selling because all appearances the price series chart symmetric. contrast, actor looking sees asymmetric opportunity, and can capitalize it. contraction the activity contraction similar. long enough actors value the opportunity buy more the network for cheaper price, price would correct upward and creating general price and supply patterns like: supply price time time figure price contraction series figure supply contraction series again this case the price series (left) appears end roughly begins; whereas the corresponding sup- ply series (right) paints different picture, ending lower than where began. evaluate the market dynamic created, can similarly look the market cap series below: market cap time figure market cap contraction series looking above, fast actors will see that, while the system contracting between because the price series chart symmetric. contrast, actor looking sees asymmetric opportunity, and can capitalize it. equilibrium within the threshold band the price target the supply policy does not intervene and supply remains constant. this would generate price and supply pattern like below: price supply time figure price equilibrium series time figure supply equilibrium series predicted output combining all these together suggests potential price and supply movement pattern like below: price supply time time figure price volatility fingerprint figure supply volatility fingerprint price (above left) could remain around certain exchange-rate, deviating during dynamic (dotted) periods. however, market cap could look like step-function, alternating between dynamic (dotted) states and equilibrium states: market cap time figure market cap volatility fingerprint practice, the time exit dynamic state market dependent and may take multiple supply adjustment cycles complete. fast actors will therefore have opportunity act each these cycles. expect that actors will attempt predict where the next equilibrium market cap will land, derive their buy and sell targets from these predictions, and update targets the market discovers its actual equilibrium point. conclusion our analysis above, conclude that the market dynamics amples cannot determined price alone, and require the consideration supply addition price. result, the volatility fingerprint amples will distinct from current-generation synthetic commodities. while any structural distinction movement pattern can benefit asset managers seeking reduce diversifiable risk (lintner the question how correlated uncorrelated amples will with existing synthetic commodities, remains open. references desan, (). making money: coin, currency, and the coming capitalism. oxford university press. dowd, (). "contemporary private monetary systems." institute economic affairs monographs, hobart paper ferguson, (). the ascent money: financial history the world. penguin. goodspeed, (). "kicking away the ladder? cryptocurrencies historical perspective." applied history volume (working paper). lintner, (). "security prices, risk, and maximal gains from diversification." the journal finance. liu, y., and tsyvinski, (). "risk and returns cryptocurrency." national bureau economic research (working paper). nakamoto, (). "bitcoin: peer-to-peer electronic cash system." https://bitcoin.org/bitcoin.pdf. selgin, (). "synthetic commodity money." journal financial stability. velde, f., and sargent, (). "the big problem small change." princeton university press. von glahn, (). fountain fortune university hawai'i press. wood, (). "ethereum: secure decentralised generalised transaction ledger." ethereum yellow paper available at: http://gavwood.com/paper.pdf. appendices software architecture here present overview the ampleforth architecture and its touch-points with the external world. its core, the system consists three smart contracts initially deployed ethereum: the ampleforth erc- contract the market oracle contract, and the supply policy contract. (price, volume) smart contracts market source market source data provider market oracle getp riceandv olume() rebase() any user supply policy rebase(supplydelta) ampleforth erc- events ethereum policy dashboard ampleforth erc- contract the ampleforth token implements the standard erc- interface. has one additional function called rebase(uint epoch, int supplydelta) and overwrites number public interfaces. this method instructs the token contract add to, subtract from, the total supply tokens, and only callable the supply policy contract. all supply adjustments are symmetric across expansion and contraction such that: supplydelta positive, new tokens are added existing holders pro-quota. supplydelta negative, tokens are removed from existing holders pro-quota. execute this process efficiently, avoid generating transaction for each wallet. instead, ampleforth balances are internally represented hidden internal denomination. all external interfaces the system reference the external denomination, while all internal operations reference the hidden internal denomination. the conversion rate between the hidden internal denomination and the external denomination controlled exchange rate that equals hiddensupply/ufragmentsupply. this coefficient expansion, sometimes referred the splitratio, represented rationally the quotient two numbers the codebase. design, solidity does not support floating point numbers. rounding tricky business accounting software and this puts pressure developers take great care when thinking about numerical stability. practice, follow stricter version the eu's guidelines rounding numbers during currency conversion guarantee the following: address transfers amples address a's resulting external balance will decreased precisely amples, and b's external balance will precisely increased amples. other words, any transaction approval will always precise with respect both sides the transaction. however, not guarantee that the sum all balances always equals the result calling totalsupply(). this consistent with widely adopted currency conversion systems, and the trade-off unavoidable because for any conversion function that has non-zero rounding error, )+f )+...+ (xn not always equal ... market oracle contract the market oracle contract provides data from the outside world used the supply policy contract. specifically, returns the volume-weighted ample price from exchanges. launch, the oracle will have trusted whitelist sources and the price calculated the median the sources. only whitelisted addresses can provide market data. market report must exist on-chain publicly for least hour before can used the supply policy. market report will expire on-chain new report not provided before hours elapses. supply policy contract the supply policy contract has single external function, also called rebase(), this not confused with the rebase method the ampleforth erc- contract. "the introduction the euro and the rounding currency amounts ()" good starting reference for practices related currency conversions. follow stricter version these rules our implementation. http://ec.europa.eu/economy_ finance/publications/pages/publication_en.pdf this rebase() method publicly callable anyone, but will only execute most once every hours. opening this method up, helps remove necessary central party the system's execution. fail call rebase() for any reason, others are free make that call our place. the rebase() method first queries the market oracle get the current price. the price within pricethreshold the target price, supply policy change applied. otherwise, the absolute supplydelta equal (price-target)*totalsupply/target. for example, amples are trading for $., the absolute totalsupply increase will next, applies "rebase reaction lag" dampen the supply change. launch, the reaction lag will days. finally, the ampleforth erc- token instructed adjust its supply the dampened value. continuing with the example above, the dampened increase would days) per day. due the unpredictability when transactions get mined into block, and because least hours must pass before rebase executes, there will always slightly more than hours between rebases. this means that, even though our rebase time hrs, the rebase call will "drift" slightly over time. based our measurements ethereum's rinkeby testnet, expect this drift about hour per year. rebase calls execute utc time jan st, they would execute utc year later. public countdown timer the next allowable rebase operation each day displayed the ampleforth protocol dashboard. multichain ampleforth the ampleforth protocol will initially deployed ethereum, but the protocol chain-agnostic and ample tokens can exist simultaneously many platforms. the supply policy, oracle, and future governance modules will deployed only once, the chain with the highest level decentralization and and enough usage guard against attacks. today, believe that's ethereum. long term, more ampleforth erc- contracts, still governed the same existing supply policy, can co-exist other chains. the only requirement for future token platforms that there bridge from the policy chain that allows atomic transfers amples and propagation rebase transactions, and virtual machine the new platform powerful enough support the required token arithmetic. choice information signal today's environment, the choice having fixed supply cap reasonable. however fixed supply commodity, when used currency, brings with well known problems. dowd estimates that under reasonable assumptions bitcoin will have long-run annual deflation rate .%. also predicted that given fixed supply bitcoin one could have either significant take-up rel- ative existing currencies, price activity that causes bubble-bust cycles, but not both. bitcoin's history has largely shown this correct, and hyperdeflation from price bubbles have had negative impacts markets like the silk road where bitcoin was the main currency (dowd,