whitepaper: smart giving (aog) "coin with purpose, team with heart" aes signatum llp aog coin whitepaper notice the aog tokens aren't meant represent securities any jurisdiction. this white paper does not represent prospectus supply document any kind and isn't meant represent proposal securities solicitation for investment securities any jurisdiction. the information set below might not exhaustive and isn't meant imply any elements contractual relationship. while every effort has been made ensure that any material this whitepaper accurate and date, however, such material way understood advice. aog doesn't guarantee, and refrains from any legal liability whatsoever arising from connected to, the exactness, dependability, prevalence, completeness any material contained this white paper. contributors and potential aog token holders must get independent professional advice before moving into any commitment contract. the material this white paper solely revealed for reference purposes alone. aog doesn't offer any opinion any recommendation buy, sell, otherwise interact with aog tokens and therefore the truth presentation this study shall not type the idea of, relied upon reference to, any contract contribution call. person organization must enter into any contract binding legal commitment relevance the purchase and sale aog tokens, and crypto currency alternative variety payment accepted the premise this study alone. aog tokens don't represent tokens any country any type whatever. aog tokens don't hold price gbp, usd, eur the other fiat currency. advice information this whitepaper should considered business, legal, financial tax advice regarding aog, the distributor, the aog tokens, the aog token sale, the aog wallet, and the aog exchange (each referred the whitepaper). you should consult your own legal, financial, tax other professional adviser regarding aog and/or the distributor and their respective businesses and operations, the aog tokens, the aog token sale, the aog wallet, and the aog exchange (each referred the whitepaper). you should aware that you may required bear the financial risk any purchase aog tokens for indefinite period time. limitation liability event shall aog, members aog staff, contractors, volunteers liable for: any lost profits, lost savings incidental, indirect, special consequential damages, arising out your use inability use the services products offered aog the breach any these terms any third party; any security risk such hacker attacks, loss password, loss private key, similar. mistakes errors code, text, images involved the sale, any losses resulting from the volatility pricing aogs any countries and crypto currency exchanges. this website and the aog tokens are provided "as is" basis and without any warranties any kind, either expressed implied. you assume all responsibility and risk with respect your use the website and purchasing any amount the aog tokens and their use. applicable law does not allow all any part the above limitation liability apply you, the limitations will apply you only the extent permitted applicable law. acquiring aog's token and the extent permitted applicable law, the buyer agrees not hold aog's token any employee contractor aog liable for any losses damages arising out any way connected the buyer's failure properly secure the private key the wallet containing their aog tokens: hacker's attacks, stolen devices, loss passwords, etc. representation warranties aog and/or the distributor does not make purport make, and hereby disclaims, any representation, warranty undertaking any form whatsoever any entity person, including any representation, warranty undertaking relation the truth, accuracy and completeness any the information set out this whitepaper. aog coin whitepaper page representation warranties you accessing and/or accepting possession any information this whitepaper such part thereof (as the case may be), you represent and warrant aog and/or the distributor, follows: (a) you agree and acknowledge that the aog tokens not constitute securities any form any jurisdiction; (b) you agree and acknowledge that this whitepaper does not constitute prospectus offer document any sort and not intended constitute offer securities any jurisdiction solicitation for investment securities and you are not bound enter into any contract binding legal commitment and crypto currency other form payment accepted the basis this whitepaper; (c) you agree and acknowledge that regulatory authority has examined approved the information set out this whitepaper, action has been will taken under the laws, regulatory requirements rules any jurisdiction and the publication, distribution dissemination this whitepaper you does not imply that the applicable laws, regulatory requirements rules have been complied with; (d) you agree and acknowledge that this whitepaper, the undertaking and/or the completion the aog token sale, future trading the aog tokens any crypto currency exchange, shall not construed, interpreted deemed you indication the merits the aog and/or the distributor, the aog tokens, the aog token sale, the aog wallet, and the aog exchange (each referred this whitepaper); (e) the distribution dissemination this whitepaper, any part thereof any copy thereof, acceptance the same you, not prohibited restricted the applicable laws, regulations rules your jurisdiction, and where any restrictions relation possession are applicable, you have observed and complied with all such restrictions your own expense and without liability aog and/or the distributor; (f) you have basic degree understanding the operation, functionality, usage, storage, transmission mechanisms and other material characteristics cryptocurrencies, blockchain-based software systems, cryptocurrency wallets other related token storage mechanisms, blockchain technology and smart contract technology; (g) you are fully aware and understand that the case where you wish purchase any aog tokens, there are risks associated with aog and the distributor and their respective business and operations, the aog tokens, the aog token sale, the aog wallet, and the aog exchange (each referred the whitepaper); (h) you agree and acknowledge that neither aog nor the distributor liable for any indirect, special, incidental, consequential other losses any kind, tort, contract otherwise (including but not limited loss revenue, income profits, and loss use data), arising out connection with any acceptance reliance this whitepaper any part thereof you; and (i) all the above representations and warranties are true, complete, accurate and nonmisleading from the time your access and/or acceptance possession this whitepaper such part thereof (as the case may be). cautionary note forward-looking statements all statements contained this whitepaper, statements made press releases any place accessible the public and oral statements that may made aog and/or the distributor their respective directors, executive officers employees acting behalf aog the distributor (as the case may be), that are not statements historical fact, constitute "forward looking statements". some these statements can identified forward-looking terms such "aim", "target", "anticipate", "believe", "could", "estimate", "expect", "if", "intend", "may", "plan", "possible", "probable", "project", "should", "would", "will" other similar terms. however, these terms are not the exclusive means identifying forward-looking statements. all statements regarding aog's and/or the distributor's financial position, business strategies, plans and prospects and the future prospects the industry which aog and/or the distributor are forward-looking statements. these forward-looking statements, including but not limited statements aog's and/or the distributor's revenue and profitability, prospects, future plans, other expected industry trends and other matters discussed this whitepaper regarding aog and/or the distributor are matters that are not historic facts, but only predictions. these forwardlooking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause the actual future results, performance achievements aog and/or the distributor materially different from any future results, performance achievements expected, expressed implied such forward-looking statements. these factors include, amongst others: aog coin whitepaper page (a) changes political, social, economic and stock crypto currency market conditions, and the regulatory environment the countries which aog and/or the distributor conducts its respective businesses and operations; (b) the risk that aog and/or the distributor may unable execute implement their respective business strategies and future plans; (c) changes interest rates and exchange rates fiat currencies and crypto currencies; (d) changes the anticipated growth strategies and expected internal growth aog and/or the distributor; (e) changes the availability and fees payable aog and/or the distributor connection with their respective businesses and operations; (f) changes the availability and salaries employees who are required aog and/or the distributor operate their respective businesses and operations; (g) changes preferences customers aog and/or the distributor; (h) changes competitive conditions under which aog and/or the distributor operate, and the ability aog and/or the distributor compete under such conditions; (i) changes the future capital needs aog and/or the distributor and the availability financing and capital fund such needs; (j) war acts international domestic terrorism; (k) occurrences catastrophic events, natural disasters and acts god that affect the businesses and/or operations aog and/or the distributor; (l) other factors beyond the control aog and/or the distributor; and (m) any risk and uncertainties associated with aog and/or the distributor and their businesses and operations, the aog tokens, the aog token sale, the aog wallet, and the aog exchange (each referred the whitepaper). all forward-looking statements made attributable aog and/or the distributor persons acting behalf aog and/or the distributor are expressly qualified their entirety such factors. given that risks and uncertainties that may cause the actual future results, performance achievements aog and/or the distributor materially different from that expected, expressed implied the forward-looking statements this whitepaper, undue reliance must not placed these statements. these forward-looking statements are applicable only the date this whitepaper. neither aog, the distributor nor any other person represents, warrants and/or undertakes that the actual future results, performance achievements aog and/or the distributor will discussed those forward-looking statements. the actual results, performance achievements aog and/or the distributor may differ materially from those anticipated these forward-looking statements. nothing contained this whitepaper may relied upon promise, representation undertaking the future performance policies aog and/or the distributor. further, aog and/or the distributor disclaim any responsibility update any those forward-looking statements publicly announce any revisions those forward-looking statements reflect future developments, events circumstances, even new information becomes available other events occur the future. privacy policy purchasing aog tokens, you agree your personal data, i.e. e-mail address and/or name, being processed aog for its business purposes the purposes building, promoting, and communicating (about) the aog system and the aog tokens. disclaimer the presentation the whitepaper with the solely for informational purpose. the participants interested contributing aog tokens and token sale should demand and consider the various risks prior making any kind contribution decision the token sale and pre token sale well. the whitepaper does not comprise any advice company, the directors, the investment manager any other person, recommendation any receiver, the virtues participation the token sale. aog whitepaper does not necessarily identify, claim identify, all the risk factors connected with company. all the participants must make their own independent evaluation, after making such investigations they consider essential, the merits participating the token sale. aog coin whitepaper page the accomplice should check with and rely upon their own contribution, accounting, legal and tax representatives and consultants such matters concerning company and assess separately the financial risks, consequences and appropriateness contribution company, any doubt about the facts this presentation. contribution company holds considerable risk and might involve extraordinary risks that may perhaps lead loss all significant portion such contribution, unless the participants completely understand, aware and accept the characteristics the company and the possible risks inbuilt company; they should not contribute company. each one the participant completely charge for ensuring that all characteristics company are satisfactory them. there can guarantee that company's contribution purpose will achieved and contribution consequences may differ considerably over time. contribution company not planned total contribution program for any contributor. all the participants with awareness should think about whether contribution suitable for them, their circumstances and financial resources. restrictions distribution and dissemination the distribution dissemination this whitepaper any part thereof may prohibited restricted the laws, regulatory requirements and rules any jurisdiction. the case where any restriction applies, you are inform yourself about, and observe, any restrictions which are applicable your possession this whitepaper such part thereof (as the case may be) your own expense and without liability aog and/or the distributor. persons whom copy this whitepaper has been distributed disseminated, provided access who otherwise have the whitepaper their possession shall not circulate any other persons, reproduce otherwise distribute this whitepaper any information contained herein for any purpose whatsoever nor permit cause the same occur. aog coin whitepaper page blockchain technology blockchain series records known blocks. such blocks are continuously growing records that are combined and secured using cryptographic technology. all the blocks blockchain inherit: hash pointer equal connection its previous block: hash function mathematical algorithm that maps the data inconsistent size string (bit string) rigid size; known hash function which constructed one way function, which makes impossible alter invert the transactions. time stamp: the time stamp keeps track the creation time block. transaction data: all data related the transaction. basically, blockchain technology way for one user the internet transfer exclusive fragment digital asset another internet user such way which assured safe and protected, every person the world knows that the transfer has taken place, and nobody can challenge the authority the transfer. blockchains are the most secured construction and can stated distributed computing system with high byzantine fault tolerance: that means tolerates the class failures known byzantine generals. therefore decentralized harmony therefore achieved with the blockchain technology. result the blockchains are most convenient for the recording activities such medical data, events, government data, identity management, transaction processing, food and other items such traceability etc. the first distributed blockchain that was conceptualized and implemented satoshi nakamoto back serves core component the digital currency bitcoin. aog coin whitepaper page the charity/gaming project the previous decades, relatively every nation the planet has seen exponential development the impact and exercises non-profit driven associations. philanthropies have turned out integral arrangement making, the advancement urban activity, and the conveyance new semi open administrations. most present day not-for-profit associations are more universalist their administration conveyance and policymaking yearnings, and more professionalized and marketed their tasks than prior emphases established religious philanthropy, political developments, grassroots group and intentional activity. the number charities framed after has expanded considerably. there were just social orders enlisted till the year trailed enrollments the period enrollments the period enlistments the period and upwards social orders enrolled after even with many ngo's and charities worldwide and with over billion people, why poverty still claiming lives? identified the most common reasons why willing people don't end donating for great cause. some the top reasons for not donating willing individuals are listed below. aog coin our sincere attempt creating effective, streamlined, transparent alternative mode donation. need save for future." aog, don't ask you for your hard-earned money. all ask for that you download our free game your mobile device and play your free time. each game play generates funds for our pre-selected deserving charities. "your pass time can someone's life line." "my donation too small" actually, small donations can make far reaching difference. basic human needs can met fraction cost the developing countries compared those the developed nations. "poverty too big problem solved" while sustainable development critical the elimination extreme poverty, individual contribution plays major role the combat. for instance, country like india can put child through school for one year. "poverty isn't the problem, it's the symptom." aog coin whitepaper page extreme poverty after effect numerous factors historical and current financial, political and social causes. any case, the truth the matter that helping individuals now decreases pointless enduring and spares lives, well makes the conditions that support disposing both extreme poverty and large number the variables that look after it. better well being empowers individuals living destitution contribute considerably more their own particular achievement they can work, they can class, they can add their family unit wage, and they don't take another person's chance and ability work requiring care. "donations don't help those who need them the most." there are thousands organizations that you can choose give to, and the process selecting which organization support can feel like daunting task. fortunately, conduct extensive research order determine which charities will most effectively use the money you generate help the world's neediest people. "why can't people solve their own problems?" the nobel prize winning social researcher hubert simon assesses around what individuals procure depends their social capital the spots, systems, and openings that make their current conditions. without stable establishments like productive banks, solid police constrain, working schools and reasonable criminal equity frameworks, exceptionally hard contend worldwide scale. add that the way that individuals poverty are considerably more prone weakened sickness and its eventual outcomes, and you can see that their beginning conditions are fundamentally stacked against them. all around, four out five individuals who are visually impaired experience the ill effects treatable visual deficiency yet absence access treatment implies they can't work and take interest social life completely because their weakness. besides, individuals underdeveloped nations need work extremely hard just cover their essential needs: for instance, women all around the world work million hours daily fetching safe water for their families equivalent building empire state buildings daily. aog coin whitepaper page answer the above challenges, have created the first working smart contract way that utilizes technology help the under privileged whilst providing mobile gaming entertainment and transparency the contributors. download game ios android phone for free. ads ever! play the game and reach predetermined score generate donation smart contract does the calculations and sends equivalent aog tokens the charity wallet. select the charity your choice from our pre-filtered list and hit send. continue game play and continue your great work! click the verification link see the charity wallet. the model boasts the following features: every game will such that easy understand and play people all demographics. new games will added every two months for enhanced gaming entertainment game updates follow every month the game will free download and will available ios and android platforms. there will in-app purchases in-app advertisements. other words, the company shall make revenue any kind from the game. the smart contract written such that new charities and ngo's can added and when they apply and after their thorough selection process culminates. aog coin whitepaper page the player will given the option the end each game play select which charity/ngo/cause they would like donate to. the generated donation from that game play will sent over their selected organization. smart contract will make calculations game plays, generated donation and beneficiary organizations real time. however, the transfer aog tokens from company's wallet into the charity organization's respective wallet shall occur when total aog coins have been accumulated for donation. believe getting the best bang for the buck and transferring tokens after each game play equates tremendous amount wasted ether transaction costs when that money could very well utilized saving lives. for the sake transparency, the transaction hash will updated the company website well link the same will provided the gaming application. players can see that their game play actually generating funds verifying the transaction hash etherscan.io. contribution widgets will placed the beneficiary charity organization's website for even more transparency, wherever possible. similar widgets will placed the company website www.smartofgiving.com. "how does game play help people need?" day where the world bank sets the standard extreme poverty. the world's population falls this category. let's see how far your game play would for these people: (at the time this writing when aog cents) take the bird through pipes times and you will have provided child with micronutrient fortification for one year take the bird through pipes times and you will have donated enough prevent kids from malaria for years take the bird through pipes times and you will have donated enough provide community members with safe drinking water for one year take the bird through pipes times and you will have sent kid through school for entire year where meals are served too! aog coin whitepaper page aog token the aog token erc compatible token the ethereum blockchain, distributed the distributor during the stages token sale. the aog token will essential for its system function and will independent any cryptocurrencies. will unit value within our system only. there will total billion tokens altogether. the tokens the public token sale will facilitate the entire ecosystem, giving instantaneous business model various projects. the distribution the tokens displayed below: distribution aog tokens ico charity reserves core team founders pre-ico charity reserves dev, promotions marketing pre-ico ico promotions core team founders token sale aog token sale will done two parts, pre-ico and ico. the details the crowd sale are under: pre-ico: (may st, may st, total million tokens will sold the pre-ico. eth aog aog coin whitepaper page preferential rates will given investors follows: ether aog any unsold tokens will burnt the end the pre-ico. ico: (june th, july th, total million tokens will sold the ico. eth aog preferential rates will given investors follows: ether aog bonus coins will allotted those who purchase within the first week the ico bonus coins will allotted those who purchase during the second week the ico any unsold tokens will burned the end the ico. aog will begin trading crypto currency exchanges august st, the listing price aog will determined based the market scenario and eth and btc prices that time such that the spread and bonus received early and/or large investors will remain effect. aog coin whitepaper page launch summary aog system criteria the aog token will erc token the ethereum blockchain. the aog token will the native cryptocurrency the aog system. funds collected through the token sale will used develop the aog system. the value aog tokens fully dependent upon the developments aog and market demand. the aog token does not represent confer any ownership right stake, share security equivalent rights, voting right any right receive future revenue aog coin whitepaper page shares, intellectual property rights any other form participation relating the aog system, other than rights relating the use the platform. aog token unit donation/payment inside single system. according law, the aog token not security. aog makes representation that the aog token is, not, security. aog will work get aog tokens listed several exchanges. cannot guarantee they will listed, accepted specific exchanges or, the case where they are listed exchange, remain that exchange. aog coin whitepaper page aog exchange system cryptocurrency market analysis currently, the customer demands are changing and are looking have less time consuming financial services make their life easier and effortless. due this, people are moving online transactions such cryptocurrency transactions form payment. cryptocurrencies are virtual currencies that can used anyone across the world for various purchases. medium exchange using cryptography technology, secure the transactions and control the creation additional units the currency stop inflation. cryptocurrencies are the future revenue stream the digital financial world. cryptocurrency addresses are established using public and private keys. they are politically neutral they are not bound any rules regulations any specific government, exchange rates, interest rates, and country country transaction fee, which makes international transactions and remittances fastest and cheapest compared any other form payment. cryptocurrency are said more secure than conventional financial instruments, eliminating the chances identity theft and other issues that currently plague fiat based electronic payment infrastructure. cryptocurrency market: drivers and challenges cryptocurrencies provide proper security, authentication, and ease use allowing the cryptocurrency holder send exactly what they wish without any other identification information which one the major hurdles the market. apart from this the increasing online transactions over mobile phones, the cryptocurrency holder can expect less transaction fees and faster transactions. changing consumer and business landscapes. have led the demand for the market growth. other factors for the rising online business market the use mobile based wallet. cryptocurrency market: segmentation: the cryptocurrency market can segmented the basis end-user, such end users may sectors such retail, media entertainment, gaming, healthcare, travel tourism, transportation logistics sector and education. the basis worldwide region, the cryptocurrency market believed decentralized, that means covers all the areas the world connected the internet. regional outlook: north america and europe market advanced stage adoption cryptocurrency. however, the asia pacific and mea are expected the emerging aog coin whitepaper page regions. the places like india and africa, the popularity and the usage various cryptocurrencies are expected increase gradually the coming years. key market exchanges: some the leading players cryptocurrency exchanges are: binance, poloniex, localbitcoins, cex.io, kraken, coinmama, bitfinex, yobit, bitstamp, bitsquare, gdax, etc. however, there are lot new players entering the market holds huge business opportunities. economical aspects number internet based digital currency platforms based decentralized public ledger have come into the picture since the inception bitcoin essential aspect these public ledger platforms incentive system that brings out efforts from distributed global workforce authenticate and record transactions the public ledger and governance system for the platform. the mechanics being able transfer entry from one person another are based advances cryptology that use open-architecture algorithms convert one string data into another. although the formulas which the output calculated are totally open and public, essentially infeasible the operation reverse. cryptocurrencies has two potential advantages over credit cards and other payment method for providing such liquidity services. the supporting network only needs verify that the private code valid, which cheaper than verifying the rightful owner credit card check slip. with conventional credit card, pay slip etc. the merchant needs pay the card company the bank significant fee for the transaction which economic sense results from that high cost verifying everybody's compliance. this the reason why many merchants are embracing cryptocurrencies. these public ledger platforms generally have the following features. internet-based: cryptocurrencies rely the internet the physical network for sending and receiving currency. that different from most payment platforms, such visa, which typically rely private secure communication networks. public ledger protocol: cryptocurrencies have protocol for sending, receiving and recording value. the protocol based public ledger that uses cryptographic methods secure the values that are sent and received and provides public record transactions. the aog coin whitepaper page operation the public ledger decentralized. collective pool individuals verify and record transactions. the valid public ledger essentially consensus among these individuals. this public ledger called the blockchain and widely recognized the key disruptive innovation. container for value: there container that used carry value the public ledger. the container used send and receive value. the container usually called ,,coin" ,,token" which suggests that intended currency store value. incentive scheme for labor force: there incentive scheme for the effort and contribution resources for people conduct various record-keeping and verification activities maintain the public ledger. this stage, the public-ledgers for digital currencies are intensive labor and computer processing time. the incentive scheme provides reward people for providing labor, computing power, and other resources. open source licensing model: there licensing model enable people make changes the software for the platform. typically, public ledger currency platforms use one the standard opensource licenses that people can use the software underlying the public ledger and make changes it. platform governance system: there governance system determine key operating principles for the platform, adopt changes the protocol and other add features the software, and drive the evolution the platform. the aog wallet will stacked with features like: aog wallet will open source wallet. can accessed mobile platforms like iphone, android devices well the desktop any web browser. our wallet decentralized and thus all the user's information will safe and protected our servers, therefore, aog will provide highly secured free wallet platform. aog wallet will support cryptocurrencies like bitcoins, ripple, litecoin and ethereum. saving securely: aog wallet users can safeguard their assets the form digital currencies, and over time, can even earn considerable amount profit for it. global approach: aog wallet allows users accept and transfer around the globe, and exchange with their local fiat currencies. aog coin whitepaper page personal control: the aog wallet permits the user have full access over their private keys, thus making trustworthy and user-friendly wallet. aog exchange shall allow users buy, sell, send, receive, and manage crypto contributions. the aog crypto exchange platform will launched the upcoming year i.e. january, result the recent trends cryptocurrencies, aog will permit the users trade major cryptocurrencies like bitcoin, ethereum, ripple, litecoin, and aog. further, enhance our services, aog can start support other cryptocurrencies well. the key differentiator aog exchange will that the total collected brokerage fees will donated. users currently pay average the transaction value brokerage fees existing crypto exchanges every time they purchase crypto currencies and another the transaction value when they sell. aog exchange, these fees will passed qualifying charity organizations. risks aog platform users should carefully read all the information, understand and analyze the risk related factors, before deciding participate the contribution and purchase aog tokens. the purchase and any other acquisition aog tokens carries with significant risk. prior participation, carefully consider the potential risks and, the extent necessary, consult lawyer, accountant, and/or tax professional evaluate the risk entailed. not over commit. make promises possible gains returns. you can potentially lose all your money the market price drops zero. aog tokens are erc tokens the ethereum blockchain. you must access and use them using erc-compliant wallet. your responsibility not lose your tokens. this early-stage project finance. the team unproven. the market unpredictable. possible that even the sale threshold met, funds won't sufficient feasibly develop the aog system there could enough execution error cause the project fail. holding aog's token, the acquirer acknowledges that he/she understands that while every effort will made execute aog's vision for the aog system, possible that will never realized. cryptocurrencies and project financing through cryptocurrencies have been the subject regulatory scrutiny various regulatory bodies around the world. aog and the aog project may need change their operations comply with applicable regulation, and they may become subject licensing requirements. aog tokens aog coin whitepaper page could impacted one more regulatory actions regulatory enforcement, which could impede limit the ability continue develop the aog system. this uncertainty significantly adds risks connected with the acquisition and use aog tokens. aog will make every effort adopt its practices accommodate regulatory needs and changes they occur. the field digital cryptography very new and for this reason there risk unforeseen attacks several all parts the aog system. owing the market prospective, holding and purchasing aog tokens can risky and speculative contribution. purchasing, holding and using aog tokens, the user, contributor anyone holding the token clearly recognize and presume the risks which are likely be: risk losing access aog tokens due loss private keys, any kind custodial purchaser errors. the user needs have private key, combination private keys, which necessary control and dispose aog tokens stored your digital wallet. because owing the market risks and unprecedented nature the crypto world, the contributions can become zero. the funds raised the token generation event are exposed risks theft. aog can significantly and unfavorably affected, fails efficiently administer its procedures, its business builds and progresses, which would have straight blow its capability maintain the aog platform even launch any other future platforms. risks arising from lack governance rights any changes made put restrictions over the cryptocurrency utilization. risk mining attacks, uninsured losses, from taxation, uncertain regulations and enforcement actions, associated with markets for aog tokens etc. risks arising from dissolution the company, unfavorable fluctuation bitcoin, ether values, hacking, cyberattacks and security weaknesses risks associated with the ethereum protocol, because aog tokens and the platform are based the ethereum protocol, any malfunction, breakdown abandonment the ethereum protocol may have adverse effect the platform aog tokens. general global market and economic conditions may have adverse impact aog's operating performance, results operations, and cash flows. contributing aog's pre token sale and token sale can risky because the uncertainties the initial stages. aog token holders can lose their contributions owing the aog tokens falls zero, any means market forces. aog coin whitepaper page the risks related the token sale contributions should carefully analysed, and speculated correctly, avoid any hassles after during the token sale stages. final provisions aog will cooperate with all law enforcement inquiries, subpoenas, requests provided they are congruence with law. aog reserves the right change, modify, add, remove portions these terms any time during the sale and afterward posting the amended terms the aog project website (www.smartofgiving.com, referred the website"), well making public announcement. the revised version will effective the time aog posts the website unless indicated otherwise. nonetheless, aog will provide working day notice any substantial changes. any term, clause provision these terms held unlawful, void unenforceable, then that term, clause provision will severable from these terms and will not affect the validity enforceability any remaining part that term, clause provision, any other term, clause provision these terms. the company may, its sole discretion, assign its rights and/or delegate its duties under this contract. you may not assign your rights delegate your duties, and any assignment delegation without the written consent the company, which the company may withhold its sole discretion. acquiring aog tokens, you confirm that, the extent permitted law, you are authorized acquire the tokens and accept bound these terms your relevant jurisdiction. aog coin whitepaper page