contents abstract introduction and problem statement what masternode definition proof-of-work(pow) and proof-of-stake(pos) masternode using pos method advantages and limitations masternode masternode's advantages masternode's limitations opportunities the apis masternode platform business model platform overview platform configuration masternode core masternode hub apis core platform accessibility and security platform operating system how get apis coin the apis core -pc the apis core mobile reward distribution apis coin ... apis specifications ... features apis ... benefits for apis users ... apis vision and platform scalability token sale private offering stage pre-sale stage crowd sale stage budget allocation disclaimer roadmap abstract characteristic masternode that masternode and familiarize the term "masternode" larger range the specific masternode cryptocurrency. the yield varies the apis building "masternode platform" people and let them enjoy the advantages and benefits masternode. this paper intended give overview our approach attaining this goal from explaining the concept masternode elucidating how will make this unfamiliar concept known wider variety people. introduction and problem statement the apis masternode platform that enables the entire spectrum users have easy access the two- tier incentivized network, also known the "masternode receive masternoding reward periodically, the form primarily according the masternode count and each coin might have different payout periods. this makes masternode means receive periodice reward from cryptocurrencies without having run expensive mining equipment having actively trade exchanges. create masternode, user only needs lock specific amount coin. users can then either set server host the masternode ask service provider their behalf. network". masternodes refer nodes the cryptocurrency proof-of-work(pow) and proof-of-stake(pos) relaying transactions (its definition will further pow (proof-of-work) and pos (proof-of-stake). pow most distinctive feature that anyone running masternode blocks one can find for more coins. there also the market that fulfill specific function beyond simply developed the paragraphs follow). masternode's can get masternoding reward periodically just locking their cryptocurrency the masternode. however, despite its attractive characteristic, hosting masternode quite out reach for most individuals since most masternodes require substantial capital and intricate software engineering set up. aiding these average individuals come together form whole masternode, will able encourage more people participate masternoding well provide them with much safer masternoding channel rather than the exchange market without adequate knowledge. what masternode? coin mining can divided into two different methods: system which the higher the hash reserve is, the more concept "difficulty" order keep the block-generation time constant. the difficulty increases the total hash increases and more hashes are required for finding more blocks along with the increased difficulty, which consequently leads the block generation time remain constant. however, this pow method has some limitations. the economic side, there are cost problems such high electricity consumption, high costs expensive mining equipment (asic, gpu, etc) and their maintenance, well security and centralization issues regarding hash monopolization. for most coins, the pow method had been chosen the past and the most typical examples are bitcoin, litecoin and ethereum. pos method designed solve the biggest definition drawbacks pow, namely security issues caused network that relay transactions and sometimes also equipment and their maintenance. for pos, the higher the masternodes are "servers" the cryptocurrencies process other specific functions. the most distinctive hash monopolization and high cost for the purchase stake proportion for the entire coin supply, the higher the acquisition amount for the additional coins issued. other words, the role "hash" the pow method equivalent the role "stake" the pos method. addition, the pos method can also achieve strong security just linking multiple wallets that keep coins inside. recent years, meme usd coin monthly reward yealy reward roi(annual) coins based the pos method have been increasing and kore pos method. ethereum perfect example this. monthly reward yealy reward existing coins are also changing from the pow method masternode using pos method masternodes include mining through the pos method. roi(annual) usd coin masternode has their own roi. high roi signifies that the case mining, block generation time varies according the masternoding was successful and cost-efficient. according the number masternodes formed the efficiency. mining difficulty, and the mining output also changes blockchain. general, masternode coins are hybrid the other words, roi financial term used measure the sense that they consist both pow and pos methods. they will follow the pow method specific block and subsequently change the pos method after that. advantages and limitations masternode ... masternode's advantages pivx usd coin monthly reward yealy reward roi(annual) dash usd coin monthly reward yealy reward roi(annual) december ... masternode's limitations coin detail amount money/coins required for the formation each masternode sibcoin (sib) dash (dash) chaincoin (chc) price change volume marketcap nodes required $,. -.% $,,. $,,,. $,. $,,. $,. $,,. $,. $,,. $,,. $,. roi worth crown (crw-sn) pivx (pivx) $.,. $,,. arcticcoin(arc) -.% pura (pura) $,. $,,. $,. crown (crw) $,. $,,. $,. $,. $,,. monacocoin (xmcc) $,. $,,. innova (inn) $,. $,,. $,. -.% source http://masternodes.online however, the problem that most people face when forming masternode that order form masternode, there minimum number coins that participants need possess, which often exceeds the capacity most ordinary participants. for example, the minimum amount required form dash masternode dash coins (equivalent usd ,). another example stratis coin, which requires coins (equivalent usd ,,) form masternode. system build-up and maintenance that require professional knowledge another problem that deters most small participants. for example, well-known masternode coin, dash, requires both dash coins form single masternode and hours non-stop servers and related programs for periodic operation. opportunities bitcoin volatility means "more regulation" cryptocurrency the way. can inferred from the graph above, bitcoin's price volatility outstrips all other assets. high volatility implies high risk and this the main reason why many people regard cryptocurrency "speculation", thus bringing about various regulation. this misconception has become obstacle the development cryptocurrency, further sense, blockchain. however, with the introduction masternoding, ordinary participants can now minimize their risk taking and still generate sizable earnings. moreover, now that many participants are seeking find reliable place, and high time that start focusing more masternode platforms rather than existing exchange markets. scope content country addition information china banks and payment systems prohibited from dealing bitcoins. individuals free trade. russia bitcoins cannot used citizens legal entities. iceland foreign exchange activities with bitcoin illegal. prohibition atms taiwan approval for bitcoin atms refused. protection from money laundering illicit activities financing singapore finacial intermediaries verufy the indentities their customers and report suspicious transaction. usa bitcoin exchanges and most miners obliged collect information potentially suspicius transactions and report these the federal government usa the sale, exchange use bitcoin for payment real-world economy transaction may result tax liability. japan the tax will cover gains from trading bitcoin, purchases made with bitcoin and revenues from transctions. banks and securities firms will prohibites from bitcoin trades. finland rules taxation capital gains apply when profits are made from transfer another currency. increase value bitcoin after was obtained payment also taxable. germany profits from mining trading subject capital gains tax unless hoarded for least one year. prohibition taxing bitcoin the apis masternode platform business model cryptocurrency, which has emerged with the development blockchain that opened with the fourth industrial revolution, characterized decentralization, anonymity, and reliability and now attracting new participants from various fields. nevertheless, large price fluctuation making cryptocurrency seem "speculative" and raising fears becoming social problem. the apis masternode platform will provide both participants with cyclic reward with minimized risk and the market with reliability, accessibility and and reduced volatility. ultimately, apis aims become the first key currency masternode coins. platform overview the apis platform (also called "the apis core") ethereum public-chain based masternode platform that aims help individual and corporate users participate desired masternodes easily and effectively. supports both (personal computer) and mobile devices, thereby providing users with the chance make periodic reward and enjoy more cryptocurrency's benefits conveniently. this section explains the importance the apis core along with the usefulness and innovativeness its official coin "apis", named after the ancient egyptian bull deity. the case existing masternode coins such dash, meme and others, not only maintaining certain amount coins the software wallet but also implementing them linux server that can operated hours stably also very crucial. however, these conditions are problematic for most people they are not familiar with and resolving maintenance problems inherent hardware management, software update and security assurance. one purpose our platform deal with such inconveniences and let non-professional participants who wish form masternode take part just becoming member the apis platform without having consider any the annoying complications such hardware software manipulation. platform configuration ... masternode core masternode core distributed database consisting cutting-edge encryption technology manage apis masternode user reports, shares and trading records the platform. individual participants' wallet information securely stored the form ethereum-based blockchain that also ensures system stability and asset protection through systemic data backup and restoration. masternode information that already incorporated the platform will accessible the future through api and sdk that will provided and all data communication will encrypted well. through this process, can strengthen the scalability the apis platform. ... masternode hub masternode hub composes and manages various coins such dash, meme and btdx's masternodes systematically. when masternode newly formed from user participation, the masternode hub automatically creates vps (virtual private server) for each masternode, prepares required up-to-date software and operates the masternode depositing designated amount cryptocurrency the wallet through the masternode core. all processes are carried out automatically and the users are informed with push-message every time there progress the procedure such the building vps, installation software and creation wallet. masternode hub constantly reports rewards obtained from the running each masternode the masternode core and allows them clearly track their rewards through the apis core. masternode hub's hardware operates hours our highly-experienced management team. ... apis core apis core manages user information well apis assets and provides all core functions that correlate with the masternode core. apis core evm (ethereum virtual machine)-based blockchain program that can connected with various platforms such ethereum qtum and makes use pos methods. apis core supports multiple operating systems (os) such windows, linux, mac, android and ios. platform accessibility and security distributed network apis distributed denial service(ddos) attacks aimed cryptocurrency are increasing these days. cryptocurrency network its incipient stage very vulnerable attacks owing its small number nodes. moreover, nodes consisting network are regionally concentrated disproportionately dispersed, there high chance that the transaction signals might decrease their efficiency. order prevent this from happening, will distribute our networks and evenly provide signals different places. for this purpose, apis will build its system servers all around the world distributed and these servers will located main idcs worldwide, operating multiple servers. platform operating system when users transfer other cryptocurrency(such bitcoin ethereum) the apis core, they receive apis coins the same value converted, which means all transactions this platform are carried out apis coinage and are ready for participating desired masternodes through function the apis core. once the masternoding terminates, participant can receive their rewards according their share/contribution. the company's reward generated from the apis masternode platform will donated related foundations blockchain programming and development improve current poor development condition. ... how get apis coin apis coin can purchased other exchange platforms(to listed) apis coin can purchased the apis core sending other cryptocurrencies such bitcoin and ethereum the apis (wallet the apis core(cryptocurrencies sent will automatically converted apis equal value) apis coin can purchased our webpage using paypal other cryptocurrencies. ... the apis core -pc the apis core proprietary program that supports masternoding various cryptocurrencies, participating the apis masternode, apis coin charges, apis coin deposit and apis coin withdrawal. the role the "masternode selection" function let users identify the conditions certain masternode such roi, technology and price needed form its masternode. once the user selects masternode run from the list the apis core, the user can send any amount apis coins the desired masternode. example) kevin wants form dash masternode, but can only afford dash coins whereas the minimum number dash coins needed form dash masternode kevin aware that can use the apis core form dash masternode with only dash coins. once the designated time for masternoding ends, kevin will receive the total reward gained, which includes both principal and the total reward gained. ... the apis core mobile main account shows total apis, apis available, apis installment masternode used when checking and joining masternode installment products deposit used for depositing apis coin withdrawal used for transferring apis other accounts platforms activities displays all the activities conducted the user account apis logo apis balance 'apis core', namely, shows the total amount apis apis wallet, apis available and apis installment number show the user's serial number deposit used for depositing apis apis core. upon clicking, connects the internet browser. the user gets transfer cryptocurrency our apis wallet ("my no." required) withdrawal used for transferring own apis other accounts platforms deposit recipient's information -user gets select the currency he/she wants send -deposit address generated according the currency that the user intends send deposit details -sender's serial number -amount currency deposit -desired deposit amount will automatically converted apis value real-time -transfer the currency our company's wallet and submit form with user's serial number withdrawal total apis -total apis including the ones installment withdrawable apis -usable apis excluding the ones installment recipient's address -write down the recipient's apis blockchain address withdrawal amount -amount withdrawn(in apis) masternode status board shows all the pos-based and ongoing masternode products shows each masternode coin's information such reward rate, minimum apis required form masternode and installment period any the coins seems reasonable, then one can 'select' and start the installment registered product lists all the masternode products that the user currently registered clicking the product names, the user can see the details real-time status board example lists all the coins that are available for masternode installment lists information such coin's name/current price/minimum requirement/installment period registered masternode ongoing products that the user now and currently ongoing shows details such installment time left and reward completed lists the ones that the user had participated and are completed activities masternode shows all the masternode products that the user had participated deposit/withdrawal records -shows all the deposit/withdrawal records the user ... reward distribution the user chooses receive the reward the form the paritcular coin they participated, small fee applies. conversely, the user chooses receive the reward apis, there will fee charged. ... apis coin .... apis specifications types btc eth apis decentralization middle low high stability middle middle high transaction fee btc eth apis method pow pow pos governance model distributes opensource governance centralized opensource governance decentralized opensource governance coins issued about milion about milion bilion total amount coins issued ,,, block time seconds block reward decrease per year minimum number apis needed form its masternode ,apis anonymity kept through "apis private send" .... features apis atomic swap rachel and jack had both their litecoin and bitcoin technology scheduled applied channels open with robert, they would have been able two different coins operated separate blockchains. rachel sends litecoins robert, then robert atomic swap refers the direct transaction between the distinguishing trait this technology that there third-person party involved the middle. once applied, will make greatly easier for users buy cryptocurrencies, further complicated maneuvering any kind required. once commercialized, users will able buy coins directly from their wallets without having through separate platforms. the apis platform, are planning apply this technology masternode formation the sense that users' apis will automatically converted specific coins that they want participate through atomic swap. lightning network just like atomic swap, lightning network also technology that makes use "hash time lock contract". exchange their coins via this platform called "robert". transmits these directly jack. similarly, the bitcoin that jack sends robert will forwarded directly rachel. these transactions are also made possible through hash time lock contracts and robert this case, functions altcoin exchanger that does not require any degree form trust between the two entities involved. robert's role this case, what our masternode platform, the apis core, would undertake. however, order for the successful launch lightning network, first have deal with service dos problems. even though lightning network itself already devised deter malicious individuals from stealing coins, someone the middle (robert the case above) can postpone block the transaction. such concerns can resolved the only difference between the two that when atomic closing out channels with uncooperative participants. each payment channel. channels open can ruled out, taking part service dos swap connects blockchains, lightning network connects and have payment channel and and have payment channel, and can trade through even does not trust personally. for example, rachel, who only doing so, uncooperative participants that still want attacks. however, order ensure that all the uncooperative has litecoin intends buy jack's car that jack labeled channels are closed and attackers ruled out, each litecoin channel open, and jack already has bitcoin monitor all the participants. there also the problem bitcoin" the price. rachel and robert already have channel open with robert. rachel sends litecoins robert and robert sends bitcoin jack. all these transactions are carried out hash time lock contracts and robert functions the payment conduit that does not require trust between rachel and robert these transactions. participant the payment chain should able six individuals having keep track transactions with litecoin, even only people the chain use litecoin channel, order prevent possible blockage the channel. this problem, however, can also easily resolved our platform performs the role middleman. .... benefits for apis users are aiming for differentiated operating policy from existing masternode coins. the case apis, adopt hierarchical operation system differentiating rewarding rates according the amount masternoding volume made the apis masternode. moreover, applying parallel masternodes technology, pos algorithm, will realize multi masternodes, but not masternode. grade no. apis bounce (major) (private) (general) .... apis vision and platform scalability the ultimate goal apis "lower the entry barrier cryptocurrency for everybody join". order make this n/a ever yday users. result, deployed smart contracts are hardly user friendly, usable all. smart contract end-users are also forced utilize possible, will start achieving the followings: the user interface provided the core program the smart contract canvas smart contract may have more than one correct bitcoin's simple script evolving into smart contract with ethereum, the use cryptocurrency also expanding into various areas including ico funding, token issuance, identity verification, and cloud storage service. however, most "smart contracts" are not smart; they are heavily developer focused and often neglect much needed user interface for respective cryptocurrency web-based application, use case, which could further confuse its already perplexed users. result, users often have refer technical manual for the smart contract they are using get help from experienced individuals. this counterintuitive the whole concept smart contract, which make cryptocurrency accessible many users. apis plans solve this problem implementing so-called "smart contract canvas." masking" concept the reality for this particular reason. elements(the canvas)written html when they simplified address that gets rerouted their original canvas consists single html file and can include name identifier, and domain name. such smart contract made smarter developers can register deploy their coded smart contract the blockchain. css, javascript, and image. javascript code included the contract can obfuscated, but recommended that obfuscation not conducted order provide transparent data processing mechanism the contract through the apis core program, anyone can register hexadecimal address. the simplified address consists easily identifiable, simplified address can increase user recognition each address and resolve issues arising from sending and receiving complex address. prevent uncontrolled creation address and users. image files can registered the document their abuse random individuals, public use implemented javascript can called within canvas. are distinguished. open domain addresses that through base encoding. smartcontracts element the html file that functions canvas cannot saved the blockchain, developers must provide environment which canvas files can accessed through web addresses. theses addresses could allocated through creation canvaslocation variable within the addresses and authorization-requiring addresses may owned any individual are limited the following, but can added through user requests: me(personal wallet), edu(educational facility), com(company), org(organization and group) the owner domain has the authority mask smart contract. addition, the entire canvas code must the given address and can transfer that authority variable its respective smart contract prevent masked address can also change the original hashed with keccak- and saved the canvashash secretive, unannounced changes. through these measures, applications can decide the existence canvas, organized gui, and verify immutability the canvas used. address masking the use public and private key cryptocurrency innovative the security perspective, but the actual written addresses such hexadecimal address near impossible use without copy and pasting, not another person through ownership validation. owner wallet address linked that masked address through ownership validation the form wallet private key. case dispute regarding masked address domain, their ownership may changed even terminated accordance with the decisions made the countr y-le vel settling authority. order deter uncontrolled address creation, there will certain fee associated with masking address. mention memorizing. it's not overstatement mineral system priorities when cryptocurrency addresses were developed. small fee for using the resources required for transfer the complex address such the ones used now must also the node creating new block block reward, thereby say that user convenience was not among the highest for blockchain technology mainstream, however, simplified like phone numbers email addresses order used the masses. apis aims bring "address most cryptocurrencies present the market today has currency smart contract initiation. this fee provided giving incentive people running nodes continue running them. however, most cryptocurrency users are seldom involved with block rewards, the fee typically comes off burden cryptocurrency use, not advantage. although the fee small, each and every transaction necessitates fee. this rather cumbersome and inefficient, particularly countries where domestic bank wire the same bank does not require fee. cryptocurrency use fees may therefore major barrier entry for people who wish use the currency daily basis. apis aims improve this fee system introducing the mineral system. use smart contract apis transfer apis another wallet, separate currency called mineral must used. apis users may purchase mineral through apis whenever required, and the apis tokens spent such transactions will distributed block rewards. mineral could also obtained reward apis tokens placed personal wallet. mineral will distributed proportional the amount apis tokens held the wallet. the upper limit minerals receivable reward can also adjusted depending the level contributions wallet has made apis network(such apis transactions), the most active apis user can receive the most minerals. note, minerals can only used transaction fees; they cannot sent another wallet user and cannot exchanged into apis. mineral still provides almost no-fee environment active apis users, significant increase user transactions expected users attempt minimize their fees. mineral system will therefore help real-world use apis ecosystem.means greater "fee" for them. improve this disincentive, apis will the following. mineral will automatically accumulate according the amount apis stored the wallet. mineral can purchased with apis, but mineral cannot converted apis. mineral cannot sent other addresses, but can only created and burned. creating this new mineral system, intend contribute the popularization the cryptocurrency market enabling faithful users apis carry out several transactions without any fee. token sale our apis token sale amount this time ,,, apis, which the total apis valued qtum. apis shareholding(equivalent total apis) will locked-up for year after listing and will used liquid asset. all stage's unsold token will burned. our sale this time will divided into main stages. private offering stage coins allocated ,,, apis qtum many leaders related fields, companies and angel investors contributed the establishment and development the apis platform. return, are providing bonus other words, qtum apis total capitalization for this stage qtum. all the apis tokens sold private sale will locked for months after listing. pre-sale stage coins allocated apis qtum means appreciation for apis early investors, are planning sell apis through qtum smart contract before the actual crowd sale begins. there will bonus given. qtum apis total capitalization for this stage qtum. crowd sale stage coins allocated ,,, apis qtum this stage, are planning sell apis through ethereum/qtum smart contract. qtum=,apis. the total cap for this stage qtum this stage, will set-up global communities and attract from the general public(except and china) for the development the apis platform. -currency supported qtum, eth -participation routes official website, platforms countries like singapore, england, russia, japan, canada and thailand. apis sales plan private pre-sale total sale amount token sale crowd sale ,,, sale amount ,,, ,,, token bonus apis per qtum apis per eth eth/qtum ratio will announced hours before the sale and will follow cmc eth/qtum ratio will announced website. budget allocation the apis platform will developed qtum, eth financed through crowd funding. the fund will used for six years. development market and marketing costs developing the system and reinforcing members such without market promotion, reasonable marketing, and maintenance team, android/ios team, apis and web funds for market and marketing activities and will strive apis team will spend most the fund raised the development team, production, operation and community team, test/management/maintenance team, big data statistics team and the design team. through this internet era, good application can never business cooperation. the apis team will use the promote and disseminate apis worldwide. the apis social networks will support eight different this, will ensure our platforms': languages: english, japanese, korean, simplified chinese, scalable design with easy maintenance more languages are planned the future and are security highly reliable professional operation and maintenance team platform operating costs good products come from good operation. the apis team uses the funds build professional products, operations and customer service teams. will handle customer issues timely manner, actively respond traditional chinese, russian, spanish, german and thai. positive that through reasonable market and marketing budgets the basis, apis will become the most widely used currency worldwide. moreover, order for users better understand the apis platform, will actively take part various blockchain activities for global promotion and marketing. the needs the local community and continue remedy products promptly. roadmap masternode platform beta service launch smart contract updater implementation smart contract freezer implementation transaction sending function implementation developed address masking private domain registration developed address masking handover function apis token bi-directional(two-way) launch masternode platform launch apis mainnet swap launch masternode platform release apis wallet release apis web wallet release mobile apis wallet launch apis eco website native app breeze wallet, tumblebit function test disclaimer the information provided this whitepaper and accompanying material for informational purposes only. should not considered legal financial advice. you should consult with attorney other professional determine what may best for your individual needs. apis and the apis team not make any guarantee other promise any results that may obtained from using our currency content. one should make any investment decision without first consulting his her own financial advisor and conducting his her own research and due diligence. the maximum extent permitted law, apis disclaims any and all liability the event any information, commentary, analysis, opinions, advice and/ recommendations prove inaccurate, incomplete unreliable, result any investment other losses. content contained made available through our website affiliated websites social media channels not intended and does not constitute legal advice investment advice and attorney-client relationship formed. your use the information the website materials linked from the web your own risk. also, limit the meaning word 'reward' mean cryptocurrency specific blockchain, which can received contributing the blockchain network the method masternoding. references a.m antonopoulos. mastering bitcoins, m.vukoli'c the quest for scalable blockchain fabric: proof-of-work vs. bft replication. international workshop open problems network security,pages spriger, peertopeer electronic cash system o.bussmann. the future finance fintech, tech disruption, and orchestrating innovation, pages springer international publishing, cham, vasin. blackcoina a-z's proof-of-stake protocol c.cachin. architecture the hyperledger blockchain fabric. inworkshop distributed cryptocurrencies and consensus ledgers, proof-of-stake, january https://en.wikipedia.org/ wiki/proof-of-stake pos whitepaper, http://blackcoin.co/blackcoinpos-protocol-v-whitepaper-cn.pdf what masternode, march https://themerkle. com/what-is-a-masternode/ proof stake (pos), may https://www. investopedia.com/terms/p/proof-stake-pos.asp distributed applications (dapps), may https:// www.investopedia.com/terms/d/distributed-applicationsapps.asp smart-contract value-transfer protocols distributed mobile application platform https://qtum.org /en/white-papers nist hash function competition, november, http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nist_hash_function_ competition#finalists