the ultimate currency apollo. privacy mission whitepaper contents contents how olympus protocol works abstract hermes blockchain introduction apollo offers absolute freedom and total control alternative decentralized framework sustainable blockchain lightning fast transactions current features monetary system asset system encrypted messaging blockchain file storage the present cryptocurrency landscape top general cryptocurrencies bitcoin alias system voting system ethereum phased transaction ripple multi-signature accounts decentralized marketplace advanced account control top privacy cryptocurrencies dash authentication system monero leasing verge core wallet problem statement apollo solution olympus protocol masking public and private transactions integrated decentralized exchange coin shuffling our secure, state the art wallets the vision what apollo? coin distribution event initial airdrop apollo coin facts apollo mission roadmap notable operations team quick info abstract apollo new cryptocurrency built off the nxt platform. apollo has been commissioned become the most advanced, feature rich currency available. its main goal provide users with effective all-in-one currency with which they can buy and sell with complete assurance privacy. apollo will the first cryptocurrency give users the ability buy, sell, send and receive invisibly, all while offering significantly more features than its competition. this stealth accomplished offering private transaction option, masking, coin shuffling, unblockable nodes and integrated decentralized exchange. these features will take possibilities for cryptocurrency new heights while potentially eliminating the ability for governmental regulation. foresee rapid, mass adoption apollo top offering the fastest, most private transactions, apollo will boast many capabilities never before combined into one currency. the crypto world aching for universal, all-in-one currency delivering the most coveted features single platform. apollo, with its large community and team world class professionals will deliver this currency, redefining the industry and raising the bar for what top cryptocurrency should be. introduction over the past nine years, the world has seen many different cryptocurrencies. the creation bitcoin, january was timely intervention during period when investors around the world had lost faith centralized financial systems. the deep-seated corruption that was unmasked the credit crunch, was warning that can longer trust anyone but ourselves with our finances. the continued problem security, regarding our identities and privacy, has become hot issue. the last ten years has shown that not even leading democracies can trusted with our financial liberty. apollo offers absolute freedom and total control alternative decentralized framework harvard business review quoted, "to protect the blockchain vision from political pressure and regulatory interference, blockchain networks rely decentralized infrastructure that can't controlled any one person group." this freedom inspired blockchain the core vision apollo. unfortunately, will lay out this document, current cryptocurrencies although mostly decentralized, have many flaws that allow for outside entity easily control and regulate. apollo offers solution indefinitely free from political pressure. the present cryptocurrency landscape the goal apollo replace the great number niche currencies with one platform combining the best features currently available. overview the leaders the market shows how apollo will quickly take the lead terms superior offerings. top general cryptocurrencies bitcoin bitcoin the product that gave birth blockchain technology. the creator satoshi nakamoto could only foresee certain number problems that this currency could solve. bitcoin has long departed from its maker's goal being the perfect alternative means exchanging value, what now highly inefficient currency. bitcoin transactions face the problem being extremely slow, much that transaction can now take days confirm, making unrealistic used businesses. bitcoin transactions have also become too expensive, users making small payments often have pay transaction fees which can much even more than the monetary amount they are sending. many cryptocurrencies compare themselves publicly with bitcoin, easy rival beat terms functionality and features. instead, choose compare apollo with only the most advanced cryptocurrencies available. ethereum although ethereum has made tremendous strides since its inception (becoming the second largest blockchain based currency), too comes with innate problems which threaten its ultimate sustainability currency. ethereum the most used platform for ico, which now leverages its infrastructure offer all kinds inefficient products. currently ethereum's blockchain not only bloated but suffers from extreme privacy issues, anyone can access intimate details your account and transactions, including your address (physical location). furthermore, having experienced major glitches with its smart contract system and transactions, such the hacked dao that resulted the loss million usd, easy see how could replaced with more advanced solution. ripple ripple the third largest cryptocurrency market share, having advantage over the previous two when comes speed and rate transactions. however, ripple essentially centralized entity, owned u.s. based company, which doing its best serve the present banking industries that cryptocurrency was created replace. these close ties with the banking industry prevent ripple from being considered the alternative that will provide its users the escape from the current corrupt systems. gives regards privacy and was created comply with strict monetary regulations, the same any bank. has also been proven that the company behind ripple owns more than the total amount available and the founder personally owns leaving only small percentage traded the public. top privacy cryptocurrencies dash dash the most widely used and most valuable privacy-focused cryptocurrency. dash has been among few cryptocurrencies which offers users some form privacy when sending transactions. but, for dash, this privacy comes with severe limitations and absolute freedoms. there are limits the amount one can send receive with its darksend feature, which essentially simple form coin mixing. even then, before transaction can achieve reasonable level privacy, requires several sessions darksend. your address (physical location) also vulnerable making all-around poor choice for privacy currency. monero monero was created with the goal providing users with completely cloaked transaction. however, outside simple private transaction monero relies bloated blockchain that offers little else extra features. does not have the ability send public transactions, which critical for mass adoption, and leaves your address exposed. therefore, failing its viability long-term privacy currency. verge verge advertises itself the alternative that will provide total privacy for its users. verge essentially clone dogecoin (initially started joke cryptocurrency branding the face cartoon dog), which started off with the name dogecoin dark. this coupled with the fact that has very few additional features, small, previously unreliable team and dated blockchain limits its prospects top contender. verge currency that certainly serves great niche but offers too little further than that. verge monero dash litecoin ripple ethereum bitcoin apollo core wallet private transactions public transactions masking monetary system asset system coin shuffling alias system multi-signature accounts encrypted messaging entegrated decentralized exchange decentralized marketplace phased transactions voting system allows party plugins auhentication system balane leasing decentralized smart contracts partially partially coming soon coming soon file transfer data cloud transactions fee dividends safe from attack consensus mechanism approx inflation proof stake proof work proof work consensus proof work pos/ pow proof work proof work problem statement the main problem with cryptocurrencies the market that they are built work within niche, focused few features offer something slightly different improved users. almost every case these currencies are built using bulky blockchains that cause slower transactions more users are the network. these are simply not sustainable for the long term. even current top currencies offer very limited possibilities. they may have desirable features but limited decentrality and private transaction option, opening them highly regulated, vulnerable attack the user's privacy currently governmental regulation, such the ones imposed china and venezuela, are the single biggest threat facing cryptocurrency. any cryptocurrency which has privacy loopholes, with which governments can leverage, will always under imminent threat. current currencies which offer privacy very limited capacity, utilizing bloated blockchains and very few additional features. certainly, none that could ever contend with replace top non-private currencies. nearly all top non-private and private currencies allow the address user easily tracked, making user's physical whereabouts transparent. there are currencies the market which offer masked, decentralized exchange, giving users the ability buy and sell currency using private public transactions directly from their wallet. additionally, there currency that has added every useful feature from top currencies sustainable blockchain and combined those with the best privacy technology. there was such currency available, would have replaced every other coin the market. apollo solution utilizing world class team, the apollo foundation offering the allin-one currency capable replacing every other the market. solution: olympus protocol hermes blockchain current features our all-in-one secure wallets olympus protocol masking masking utilizing advanced technology, including tor, will soon integrated into the apollo wallet allowing for seamless, untraceable use the wallet and all its features. public and private transactions perhaps one the most important features apollo the ability choose between private transactions and public transactions. this allows any user the ability send unlimited private transactions that will not trace back their wallet. public transactions are also possible allowing for mass adoption. integrated decentralized exchange the decentralized exchange integrated into apollo will allow anyone buy, sell and trade with absolute secrecy, because the exchange decentralized and not run any entity, identification documents are ever needed and there are fees. your will also masked, and you can send private transactions directly from the exchange. coin shuffling coin shuffling additional privacy feature allowing your apollo, well other currencies held the account, randomly shuffled between user accounts. this allows account holder anonymize their funds nearly instantly. how olympus protocol works olympus protocol xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxx sending apl xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxx olympus eclypse sending received apl tor olympus eclypse masks address public adress alias public adress alias mpl-ftle-mt-pkm nhm-mpo-dje-pol olympus eclypse olympus protocol off mpl-ftle-mt-pkm sending apl nhm-mpo-dje-pol hermes blockchain sustainable blockchain the hermes blockchain will make apollo incredibly secure, lean cryptocurrency with indefinite stability. lightning fast transactions hermes will take transaction speed that averages seconds and make this same blockchain facilitate transactions fast seconds. utilizing our newest blockchain technology will make apollo one the fastest cryptocurrencies earth. this will help establish its dominance opens huge potential microtransactions, decentralized banking, financial services and more. current features monetary system the monetary system within apollo allows users instantly create currencies tokens that can traded privately apollo's decentralized exchange well freely external exchanges. these currencies can easily backed apollo giving them instant, tangible value. possible use: crowd-funding, ico, finance, charity, voter ids, escrows, coupons, currency, etc. asset system using the apollo asset system, user can issue tokens representing anything from public and private equity real world commodities. unlike other markets and cryptocurrencies, users will able trade these assets with privacy. possible use: shares, bonds, private equity, public equity, commodities, derivatives, etc. encrypted messaging encrypted messaging the apollo blockchain will allow any user send and receive private, untraceable messages and data files from one account another. utilizing the olympus protocol, the user's address and the transaction carrying the message will invisible. possible uses: untraceable communication, untraceable file transfer, etc. blockchain file storage the apollo data cloud allows uploading the blockchain for storage, retrieval and publishing information. this gives user the ability upload file the blockchain, therefore receiving irrefutable time stamp for that data. this time stamp could helpful establishing absolute date for legal documents such contracts and intellectual ownership. possible uses: voting, permits, evidence, court records, transparency, death/birth certificates, contracts, wills, trusts, escrows, maps, gps data, signatures, medical records, arbitration, delivery records, certifications, etc. alias system this system apollo can used create unique alias that acts representation for specific set text. this will encrypt the chosen text into the alias. this text could your account number, website, email address, etc. specific alias can claimed only once (like domain name), therefore can sold privately publicly and transferred any other account. the most basic use sending funds account number, instead typing out the entire account number you would simply write the alias. voting system the apollo voting system allows users create public private polls. polls can used direct and manage funds from account, elect officials simply gauge public opinion. this opens near endless possibilities for collecting absolute, verified responses from designated sources. phased transaction phased transactions are transactions set occur after certain condition met. this could after another transaction sent received, after passage time after certain block number hit. multi-signature accounts apollo supports multi-signature accounts allowing more than one user control account. decentralized marketplace the apollo decentralized marketplace allows users buy, sell and trade physical and digital goods using the apollo currency. users can list goods sold locally even worldwide. trading will decentralized and untraceable allowing the free trade any item. future updates will include review and reputation system aiding sellers building positive reputation based experiences. advanced account control accounts can created way that allows group control. utilizing the apollo voting system, group can granted the ability (via initial ownership ownership specified token asset) vote the transactions that are spent the account. possible uses: private investment fund, private insurance fund, charity fund, decentralized autonomous organizations (dao) authentication system the apollo authentication system allows users authenticate account using the blockchain prove that they are the overseer account. leasing the account leasing option allows the user lease the forging power their account another user. this allows for the creation forging pools, increasing the chances generating block, well generating income from transaction fees. our secure, state the art wallets linux wallet progress osx wallet deployed web wallet deployed windows wallet deployed windows tor wallet deployed osx tor wallet progress the vision utilizing community world-class developers, managers, marketers and researchers, the apollo community, backed the apollo foundation, has set out accomplish the goal making apollo the most technologically advanced, feature-rich currency the market. the apollo foundation understands the demands top tier cryptocurrency and they believe they can create coin that will integrate everything necessary replace the current currency options. they develop and improve apollo, the apollo team will strive develop features which have not previously used cryptocurrency. the primary goal the apollo foundation create the first all-inone cryptocurrency, innovating and incorporating every ability that could beneficial digital currency, all single decentralized platform. the first major update, olympus protocol, puts mass adoption-proof privacy apollo's core. this because the apollo foundation knows the ability for user buy, sell, trade and send absolute secrecy vital industry that could moments away from intense regulation. the apollo team here because they believe the only person entity that should control your funds you. what apollo? apollo all-in-one currency offering its users endless possibilities that beyond making secure payments for goods and services. apollo universal currency that can tailored use almost every sector life and business. from the creation token shares for corporations, the founding and management highly secured decentralized organizations. the full potential blockchain technology will pushed its limits within apollo. coin distribution event unlike ico, apollo not simply erc token that was printed instantly. apollo its own cryptocurrency with many usable features and many new features being developed. this event was not set with the goal raising money for project that had not been started. the only goal the coin distribution event was distribute apollo into many hands possible, quickly possible. initial airdrop apollo's creation, the total supply was allocated holders nxt. anyone holding nxt block height are entitled portion this claim, simply login the apollo wallet with your nxt credentials. apollo coin facts apollo available cryptocurrency exchanges world-wide the apollo project has been self-funded from the beginning, with funds coming from founding members close contacts the project. low-key, public coin distribution was completed with the sole purpose distributing apollo. ticker apl proof stake total supply mining ,,, apl pre-mined circulating supply inflation ,,, apl consensus soming soon soming soon soming soon apollo mission roadmap key milestones creation apollo fan store available official launch exchanges hermes apollo platform adaptive block generation hermes non technical whitepaper available web wallet release monetary asset system integrated olympus protocol release masking web wallet released full sourse code released with full-technical whitepaper release private transactions (api level) wallet windows and osx olympus protocol guide olympus protocol wallets released nebula bitebtc coinpulse hitbtc idax confirmed on multiple exchanges voting feature used for coin design whitepaper translated chinese hermes chainid apolloupdater blocksec ios android wallet released apollosharding decentralized exchange integrated into wallet hermes fastapollo apollodex olympus testnet new website ui/ux olympus olympus masking apollomixer two factor authentication wallet transport live version masking private ledger smart contracts olympus apollo mobile (multiplatfor api) notable operations team john mcafee chairman john was the original founder mcafee antivirus and has seen great success the tech industry, both spearheading successful projects and major influencer the industry. john will use his technical genius make privacy and financial freedom possible through apollo. victor konovalov director brand development viktor has turned ideas into reality for many companies starting with brand live, which was acquired microsoft, green battery ltd, and most recently investing and helping growth blockchain projects such kuna exchange, dmarket, kickico, anzyze, hacken, veda and emotiq. steve mccullah director business development utilizing his extensive knowledge technology development steve has served ceo mccullah technologies and has had the opportunity work with the u.s. military, homeland security, celebrities well many major retailers. sergey rokhvarg cto sergey gifted software engineer that using his extensive experience advanced cryptography, military grade security and software architecture advance development apollo. kacper gaza chief product officer kacper leading software engineer that has used his experience and masters software engineering propel research and development samsung well his own software company where heads team more than alexander mora director marketing alexander has used his marketing and creative experience work miracles for disney, verizon, espn deportes, nascar, sears, radio, general motors, and jack daniels while working with agencies that represented these clients. now using this magic promote apollo. katherine manning marketing katherine has proven her marketing genius over and over while working tech industry behemoths such ibm, microsoft and red hat. she dedicated using this same talent taking the apollo project new heights. kyle hornback management kyle business professional that has worked executive skylark inc., well built and ran highly successful services business. kyle lends apollo his superb ability organize and manage teams effectively. alessandro mazzi legal advisor alessandro legal advisor with extensive knowledge blockchain and the legalities related token sales. alessandro has worked with leading international corporate law firms such minter ellison, the hkiac and yingke law firm. daniel korogodski product producer daniel offers apollo his extensive experience organizing and equipping teams for complex projects. during his time acting ceo first bridge, daniel has overseen many professionals working multitude projects the technology sector. sasha antropov business development sasha the representative the apollo project. responsible for business contacts and promotion the apollo project for the mena region. michael troung research using his acute attention detail, michael has worked for fortune companies overseeing research, development, engineering and logistics. will use this experience further apollo's capabilities. quick info explainer video: youtube.com/watch?v=abhvpxibl&t=s promo video: youtube.com/watch?v=thw_eiry website: apollocurrency.com web wallet: apollowallet.org twitter: twitter.com/apollocurrency telegram: t.me/apollocommunity consensus: proof stake (forging for transaction fees) mining: pre-mined total supply: billion circulating supply: billion inflation: apollocurrency.com