apot (allbit proof token) collective intelligence for token economy version: ... last updated: october nikelis limited contents disclaimers ................................................................................................................................................................................... abstract.................................................................................................................................................................................. introduction ....................................................................................................................................................................... apot ........................................................................................................................................................................................... governance and token ecosystem .......................................................................................................................... application with allbit platform ............................................................................................................................ appendix .................................................................................................................................................................................. disclaimers please read this entire section carefully. you are any doubt the action you should take, please consult your legal, financial, tax other professional advisor(s). (a) (b) (c) (d) (e) (f) (g) (h) (a) legal statement this whitepaper ("whitepaper"), its current form, circulated for general information purposes only relation the platform and applications described the whitepaper ("allbit platform" "platform") presently conceived and subject review and revision. please note that this whitepaper work progress and the information this whitepaper current only the date the cover hereof. thereafter, the information, including information concerning nikelis limited ("nikelis" the "company") business operations and financial condition may have changed. reserve the right change, modify, add delete parts this whitepaper website without notice for any reason any time. person bound enter into any contract binding legal commitment relation the sale and purchase the tokens native the allbit platform ("apot" "token") (as defined below) and payment accepted the basis this whitepaper. any sale and purchase the token will governed legally binding agreement, the details which will made available separately from this whitepaper. the event any inconsistencies between the abovementioned agreement and this whitepaper, the former shall prevail. this whitepaper does not constitute form part any opinion any advice sell, any solicitation any offer the issuer/distributor/vendor the token purchase any token nor shall any part nor the fact its presentation form the basis of, relied upon connection with, any contract investment decision. the tokens are not intended constitute securities, units business trust, units collective investment scheme, each defined under the securities and futures act (cap. singapore, its equivalent any other jurisdiction. accordingly, this whitepaper therefore, does not, and not intended to, constitute prospectus, profile statement, offer document any sort, and should not construed offer securities any form, units business trust, units collective investment scheme any other form investment, solicitation for any form investment any jurisdiction. token should construed, interpreted, classified treated enabling, according any opportunity to, purchasers participate receive profits, income, other payments returns arising from connection with the platform, the token, products, receive sums paid out such profits, income, other payments returns. this whitepaper any part hereof may not reproduced, distributed otherwise disseminated any jurisdiction where offering coins/tokens the manner set out this whitepaper regulated prohibited. regulatory authority has reviewed, examined approved any the information set out this whitepaper. such action has been will taken any jurisdiction. where you wish purchase any token, the tokens are not construed, interpreted, classified treated as: (a) any kind currency other than cryptocurrency; (b) debentures, stocks shares issued any entity; (c) rights, options derivatives respect such debentures, stocks shares; (d) rights under contract for differences under any other contract with the purpose pretended purpose secure profit avoid loss; (e) units derivatives collective investment scheme business trust, any other type securities. restrictions distribution and dissemination the distribution dissemination this whitepaper any part thereof may prohibited restricted the laws regulatory requirements any jurisdiction. the case where any restriction applies, you are inform yourself about, obtain legal and other relevant advice on, and observe, any restrictions which are applicable your possession this whitepaper such part thereof (as the case (b) (a) (b) (c) (a) (b) (c) may be) your own expense and without liability the company its representatives, agents, and related companies ("affiliates"). persons whom copy this whitepaper has been distributed disseminated, provided access who otherwise have the whitepaper their possession shall not circulate any other person, reproduce otherwise distribute this whitepaper any information contained herein for any purpose whatsoever nor permit cause the same occur. disclaimer liability the token, the platform and related services provided the company and its affiliates are provided "as is" and "as available" basis. the company and its affiliates not grant any warranties make any representation, express implied otherwise, the accessibility, quality, suitability, accuracy, adequacy, completeness the token, the platform any related services provided the company and its affiliates, and expressly disclaim any liability for errors, delays, omissions in, for any action taken reliance on, the token, the platform and related services provided the company and its affiliates. the company, its affiliates and its directors, officials and employees not make purport make, and hereby disclaim, any representation, warranty undertaking any form whatsoever any entity person, including any representation, warranty undertaking relation the truth, accuracy and completeness any the information set out this whitepaper. the maximum extent permitted the applicable laws and regulations, the company and its affiliates shall not liable for any indirect, special, incidental, consequential other losses any kind, tort, contract otherwise (including but not limited loss revenue, income profits, and loss use data), arising out connection with any acceptance reliance this whitepaper any part thereof you. cautionary note forward-looking statements certain information set forth this whitepaper includes forward-looking information regarding the future the project, future events and projections. these statements are not statements historical fact and may identified but not limited words and phrases such "will", "estimate", "believe", "expect", "project", "anticipate", words similar meaning. such forward-looking statements are also included other publicly available materials such presentations, interviews, videos etc., information contained this whitepaper constitutes forward-looking statements including but not limited future results, performance, achievements the company its affiliates. the forward-looking statements involve variety risks and uncertainties. these statements are not guarantees future performance and undue reliance should placed them. should any these risks uncertainties materialise, the actual performance and progress the company its affiliates might differ from expectations set the forward-looking statements. the company its affiliates undertake obligation update forward-looking statements should there any change circumstances. acting upon forward-looking information received from this whitepaper, the company its affiliates' website and other materials produced the company its affiliates, you personally bear full responsibility the event where the forward-looking statements not materialize. the date this whitepaper, the platform has not been completed and not fully operational. any description pertaining and regarding the platform made the basis that the platform will completed and fully operational. however, this paragraph shall way construed providing any form guarantee assurance that the platform will eventually completed fully operational. potential risks purchasing, holding and using the tokens, you expressly acknowledge and assume the risks set out this section any these risks and uncertainties develops into actual events, the business, financial condition, results operations and prospects the company its affiliates may materially and adversely affected. such cases, you may lose all part the value the token. such risks include but are not limited the following: risks relating the tokens (a) there may not public secondary market for the tokens (i) the tokens are intended native tokens used the platform, and the company and its affiliates have not and may not actively facilitate any secondary trading external trading tokens. addition, there and has been public market for the tokens and the tokens are not traded, whether any cryptocurrency exchange otherwise. the event that the tokens are traded cryptocurrency exchange, there assurance that active liquid trading market for the tokens will develop developed, sustained. there also assurance that the market price the tokens will not decline below the purchase amount paid for the tokens, which not indicative such market price. (ii) apot not currency issued any central bank national, supra-national quasi-national organisation, nor backed any hard assets other credit. the company and its affiliates are not responsible for nor they pursue the circulation and trading the tokens the market. trading the tokens merely depends the consensus its value between the relevant market participants, and one obliged acquire any token from any holder the token, including the purchasers the tokens, nor does anyone guarantee the liquidity market price the tokens any extent any time. accordingly, the company and its affiliates cannot ensure that there will any demand market for the tokens, that the price upon which the tokens were purchased indicative the market price the tokens they are made available for trading cryptocurrency exchange. risks relating the company, its affiliates and the platform (a) limited availability sufficient information (i) the platform still early development phase the date this whitepaper. its governance structure, purpose, consensus mechanism, algorithm, code, infrastructure design and other technical specifications and parameters may updated and changed frequently without notice. while this whitepaper contains the key information currently available relation the platform, subject adjustments and updates from time time, announced the company's website. purchasers will not have full access all the information relevant the tokens and/or the platform. nevertheless, anticipated that significant milestones and progress reports will announced the company's website. (b) the digital assets raised the sale the tokens are exposed risks theft (i) whilst the company and its affiliates will make every effort ensure that the eth received from the sale tokens are securely held through the implementation security measures, there assurance that there will theft the cryptocurrencies result hacks, mining attacks, sophisticated cyber-attacks, distributed denials service errors, vulnerabilities defects such blockchain addresses, the ethereum blockchain, any other blockchain, otherwise. such events may include, for example, flaws programming source code leading exploitation abuse thereof. such event, even the sale tokens completed, the company and its affiliates may not able receive the cryptocurrencies raised and the company and its affiliates may not able utilise such funds for the development the platform, and the launch the platform might temporarily permanently curtailed. such, the issued tokens may hold little worth value. the tokens are uninsured, unless you specifically obtain private insurance insure them. the event any loss loss value the tokens, you may have recourse. (c) the blockchain address(es) may compromised and the digital assets may not able retrieved (i) the blockchain address(es) are designed secured. however, the event that the blockchain address(es) for the receipt purchase amounts otherwise are, for any reason, compromised (including but not limited scenarios the loss keys such blockchain address(es), the funds held such blockchain address(es) may not able retrieved and disbursed, and may permanently unrecoverable. such event, even the sale the tokens successful, the company and its affiliates will not able receive the funds raised and the company and its affiliates will not able utilise such funds for the development the platform, and the implementation the platform might temporarily permanently curtailed. such, distributed tokens may hold little worth value. (d) (i) (ii) (iii) (e) (i) (ii) (f) (i) (ii) there assurance any success the platform and the company and its affiliates may cease the development, launch and operation the platform the value of, and demand for, the tokens hinges heavily the performance the platform. there assurance that the platform will gain traction after its launch and achieve any commercial success. the platform has not been fully developed, finalised and integrated and subject further changes, updates and adjustments prior its launch. such changes may result unexpected and unforeseen effects its projected appeal users, and hence impact its success. there are guarantees that the process for creating the tokens will uninterrupted error-free. while the company has made every effort provide realistic estimate, there also assurance that the cryptocurrencies raised the sale tokens will sufficient for the development and integration the platform. for the foregoing any other reason, the development and integration the platform may not completed and there assurance that its systems, protocols products will launched all. such, distributed tokens may hold little worth value. additional reasons which may result the termination the development, launch operation the platform includes, but not limited to, (aa) unfavourable fluctuation the value cryptographic and fiat currencies, (bb) the inability the company and its affiliates establish the platform the tokens' utility resolve technical problems and issues faced relation the development operation the platform the token, the failure commercial relationships, (cc) intellectual property disputes during development operation, and (dd) changes the future capital needs the company its affiliates and the availability financing and capital fund such needs. for the aforesaid and other reasons, the platform may longer viable project and may dissolved simply not launched, negatively impacting the platform and the potential utility and value the tokens. there may lack demand for the platform and the services provided, which would impact the value the tokens there risk that upon launching the platform, there lack interest from consumers, merchants, advertisers, and other key participants for the platform and the services, and that there may limited interest and therefore use the platform and the tokens. such lack interest could impact the operation the platform and the uses potential value the tokens. there risk competition from alternative platforms that may have been established, even from existing businesses which would target any segment the potential users the platform fulfilling similar demands, e.g. corporations targeting advertisers seeking purchase consumer data and market analysis. therefore, the event that the competition results lack interest and demand for the platform, the services and the tokens, the operation the platform and the value the tokens may negatively impacted. the company and its affiliates may experience system failures, unplanned interruptions its network services, hardware software defects, security breaches other causes that could adversely affect the company its affiliates' infrastructure network, the platform the company and its affiliates are unable anticipate detect when there would occurrences hacks, cyber-attacks, mining attacks (including but not limited double-spend attacks, majority mining power attacks and "selfish-mining" attacks), distributed denials service errors, vulnerabilities defects the platform, the tokens, any technology (including but not limited smart contract technology) which the company, its affiliates, the platform, the tokens, rely the ethereum blockchain any other blockchain. such events may include, for example, flaws programming source code leading exploitation abuse thereof. the company and its affiliates may not able detect such issues timely manner, and may not have sufficient resources efficiently cope with multiple service incidents happening simultaneously rapid succession. although the company and its affiliates will taking steps against malicious attacks its appliances its infrastructure, which are critical for the maintenance the platform and its other services, there can assurance that cyber-attacks, such distributed denials service, will not attempted the future, and that any such security measures will effective. any significant breach security measures other disruptions resulting compromise the usability, stability and security the company and its affiliates' network services, including the platform. risks relating the participation the sale tokens (a) you may not able recover the purchase amount paid for the tokens (i) except provided under any applicable terms sale prescribed applicable laws and regulations, the company not obliged provide you with refund the purchase amount. promises future performance price are will made respect the tokens, including promises inherent value continuing payments, and there guarantee that the tokens will hold any particular value. therefore, the recovery the purchase amount may impossible may subject applicable laws and regulations. (b) you may subject adverse legal and/or tax implications result the purchase, distribution and use the tokens (i) the legal character cryptocurrency and cryptographic assets remain uncertain. the company and its affiliates does not provide any warranty guarantee how the tokens will classified, and each purchaser will bear all consequences the tokens being considered securities their respective jurisdictions, and bear the responsibility the legality, use and transfer the tokens the relevant jurisdictions. (ii) further, the tax treatment the acquisition disposal such cryptocurrency cryptographic assets might depend whether they are classified securities, assets, currency otherwise. the tax characterisation the tokens remains indeterminate, you must seek your own tax advice connection with the purchase, acquisition disposal the tokens, which may result adverse tax consequences tax reporting requirements for you. (c) the loss compromise information relating the purchaser wallet and your platform may affect your access and possession the tokens (i) there risk that you may lose access and possession the tokens permanently due loss unique personal created the platform, and other identification information, loss requisite private key(s) associated with the purchaser wallet vault storing the tokens any other kind custodial purchaser errors. (d) blockchains may face congestion and transactions may delayed lost (i) most blockchains used for cryptocurrency transactions (e.g. ethereum) are prone periodic congestion during which transactions can delayed lost. individuals may also intentionally spam the network attempt gain advantage purchasing cryptographic tokens. this may result situation where block producers may not include your purchase the tokens when you intends transact, your transaction may not included all. privacy and data retention issues (a) part the token sales, the verification processes and the subsequent operation the platform, the company may collect personal information from you. the collection such information subject applicable laws and regulations. all information collected will used for purposes the token sales and operations the platform, thus may transferred contractors, service providers and consultants worldwide appointed the company. apart from external compromises, the company and its appointed entities may also suffer from internal security breaches whereby their employees may misappropriate, misplace lose personal information purchasers. the company may required expend significant financial resources alleviate problems caused any breaches losses, settle fines and resolve inquiries from regulatory government authorities. any information breaches losses will also damage the company's reputations, thereby harming its long-term prospects. macro risks (a) general global market and economic conditions may have adverse impact the company and its affiliates' operations and the use the platform (i) the company and its affiliates could affected general global economic and market conditions. challenging economic conditions worldwide have from time time, contributed, and may continue contribute, slowdowns the information technology industry large. weakness the economy may have negative effect the company and its affiliates' business strategies, results operations and prospects. (ii) (iii) (b) (i) (ii) (iii) (iv) (v) (c) (i) suppliers which the platform relies for servers, bandwidth, location and other services could also negatively impacted economic conditions that, turn, could have negative impact the company and its affiliates' operations expenses. there can assurance, therefore, that current economic conditions worsening economic conditions prolonged recurring recession will not have significant adverse impact the company and its affiliates' business strategies, results operations and prospects and hence the platform, which may turn impact the value the tokens. the regulatory regime governing blockchain technologies, cryptocurrencies, tokens, offering tokens, and the platform remain uncertain, and any changes, regulations policies may materially adversely affect the development the platform and the utility the tokens regulation the tokens, the offer and sale tokens, cryptocurrencies, blockchain technologies, and cryptocurrency exchanges currently undeveloped underdeveloped and likely rapidly evolve. such regulation also varies significantly among different jurisdictions, and hence subject significant uncertainty. the various legislative and executive bodies different jurisdictions may the future adopt laws, regulations, guidance, other actions, which may severely impact the development and growth the platform, the adoption and utility the tokens the issue, offer, and sale the tokens the company. failure the company and its affiliates users the platform comply with any laws, rules and regulations, some which may not exist yet are subject interpretation and may subject change, could result variety adverse consequences against the company and its affiliates, including civil penalties and fines. blockchain networks also face uncertain regulatory landscape many foreign jurisdictions. various jurisdictions may, the near future, adopt laws, regulations directives that affect the platform, and therefore, the value the tokens. such laws, regulations directives may directly and negatively impact the operations the company and its affiliates. the effect any future regulatory change impossible predict, but such change could substantial and could materially adverse the development and growth the platform and the adoption and utility the tokens. the extent that the company and its affiliates may required obtain licences, permits and/or approvals (collectively, the "regulatory approvals") carry out its business, including that the creation the tokens and the development and operation the platform, but are unable obtain such regulatory approvals such regulatory approvals are not renewed revoked for whatever reason the relevant authorities, the business the company and its affiliates may adversely affected. there assurance that more stringent requirements will not imposed upon the company and its affiliates the relevant authorities the future, that the company and its affiliates will able adapt timely manner changing regulatory requirements. these additional more stringent regulations may restrict the company and its affiliates' ability operate its business and the company and its affiliates may face actions for non-compliance fails comply with any such requirements. further, should the costs (financial otherwise) complying with such newly implemented regulations exceed certain threshold, maintaining the platform may longer commercially viable and the company and its affiliates may opt discontinue the platform and/or the tokens. further, difficult predict how whether governments regulatory authorities may implement any changes laws and regulations affecting distributed ledger technology and its applications, including the platform and the tokens. the company and its affiliates may also have cease operations jurisdiction that makes illegal operate such jurisdiction, make commercially unviable undesirable obtain the necessary regulatory approval(s) operate such jurisdiction. scenarios such the foregoing, the distributed tokens may hold little worth value. there may risks relating acts god, natural disasters, wars, terrorist attacks, riots, civil commotions widespread communicable diseases and other events beyond the control the company and its affiliates the sale the tokens and the performance the company, its affiliates and/or the platform's activities may interrupted, suspended delayed due acts god, natural disasters, wars, terrorist attacks, riots, civil commotions, widespread communicable diseases and other events beyond the control the company and its affiliates. such events could also lead uncertainty the economic outlook global markets and there assurance that such markets will not affected, that recovery from the global financial crisis would continue. such events, the company and its affiliates' business strategies, (d) results operations and outlook may materially and adversely affected, and the demand for and use the tokens and the platform may materially affected. further, outbreak such infectious communicable diseases occurs any the countries which the company, its affiliates, and the participants the platform have operations the future, market sentiment could adversely affected and this may have negative impact the platform and its community. blockchain and cryptocurrencies, including the tokens are relatively new and dynamic technology. addition the risks highlighted herein, there are other risks associated with your purchase of, holding and use the tokens, including those that cannot anticipate. such risks may further materialise unanticipated variations combinations the risks discussed herein. further information update person has been authorised give any information representation not contained this whitepaper connection with the tokens, the platform, the company its affiliates and their respective businesses and operations, and, given, such information representation must not relied upon having been authorised behalf the company its affiliates. language this whitepaper may translated into other languages. any disagreement should arise due different language translations, the version english will prevail. advice information this whitepaper should considered business, legal, financial tax advice regarding the token, the platform, the company its affiliates. you should consult your own legal, financial, tax other professional advisor(s) regarding the token, the company its affiliates and their respective businesses and operations. you should aware that you may required bear the financial risk any purchase the tokens for indefinite period time. abstract exchange everything every day. from household supplies for living the goods for cultural entertainments which are all gained through the market economy. economic unit, has judging systems order maintain and keep the economic ecosystem healthy allowing exchange goods freely and without discrimination. many financial institutions such banks and stock companies have their own estimation standards for efficient financial services. there are firms that specialize evaluating corporates. even play store google has application rating system. despite varied scales and specialties, these evaluations and assessments protect the rights diverse economic agents and guarantee efficient operation the economy. interestingly, the appearance cryptocurrency based the blockchain technology changing our understanding exchange, currency, and assessment system. the very relation between nation-state and market was traditional subject economics but network-individual based the data-interchange platform ruined most speculations and conjectures. one dared make assumption the future economy and this unpredictability produces abundant and colorful opportunities create added values. allbit platform created ozys wants lead the discussions cryptocurrency well the new opportunities front among the dramatic changes market environments. cryptocurrency systems based the blockchain technology considered future currency and being used very actively and quite embarrassing admit that there are reliable devices protect users. the absence protection main characteristic cryptocurrency. unreliability and decentralization are key factors cryptocurrency system there central reliability. allbit platform aims estimate the values cryptocurrencies through apot utilizing collective intelligence from digital environment and protect trade participants sharing the resulting information. allbit platform will assess cryptocurrency values based the reputations formed collective intelligence network and members allbit governance. will also contribute the entire network sharing their knowledge. part the collective intelligence network, the allbit governance members will get rewards according their participation and which will lead more active participation and play role for objective value judgment standard. expected that the apot service provided allbit platform will actively utilized the area cryptocurrency transactions that require multi-valued judgment the future. are the view that the service can protect the traders from poor and risky cryptocurrencies various economic areas such the cryptocurrency exchange market, investment companies, payment services, etc. furthermore, allbit platform will not only perform assessment service with the cooperation apot but also will introduce and support worthy cryptocurrencies creating and expanding the new economic area. introduction with regard the rising cryptocurrency, main keywords for that are "decentralization" and "unreliability". they are concepts opposed "centralization" and "reliability" the traditional system was centralized and run trust. the "unreliable-decentralized" system, the authorities controlled the central are distributed the system members the form autonomous right, with the responsibilities formerly the central are now the burden the individual members. distributed, decentralized rights and authorities provide freedom many participants and are learning what it's like the responsibility concept based the unreliable system operates. just like any other transition period, are short the functions understand and digest the freedom and innovation obtained from the current situation. much the changes are groundbreaking, numerous risks exist and more trade participants fall into the hazardous gaps. the decentralized system spreading enormous speed need system predict and prevent possible side effects and risks. sadly, the current cryptocurrency systems don't have such realistic countermeasures. demands minimum safeguard for the traders the decentralized cryptocurrency market soon possible. apot tries draw agreement cryptocurrency value assessment from collective intelligence individual participants, who have many difficulties protecting themselves, can use the allbit platform fundamental protection. us, apot reduces the implicit risks the present cryptocurrency market and protect the participants. every member has the right offer their opinion cryptocurrency freely and gathering those opinions establish form collective intelligence, which will shared prevent any issue within the cryptocurrency market. however, not easy ask individuals make contribution voluntarily group benefit, also unlikely for individual's free opinion and evaluation receive objective reliability from others. that why need system reward the contribution that will encourage active participation building collective intelligence and aggressive contribution produce reliable value judgment relentlessly. appearance token economy and resulting changes the first half showed drastic growth and appreciation the cryptocurrency market across the world. before cryptocurrency was subject discussion between some specialists but now, becomes the topic the public and has been considered many investment target for profit. the author long-anticipated book "epiphany radical visions for transforming your future" said his speaking the federal reserve september, that cryptocurrency very much here stay and that national currencies were going displaced however, needs noted that enormous, overwhelming change exists behind it. the inventor bitcoin, satoshi nakamoto left the following message the genesis block bitcoin. "the times /jan/ chancellor brink second bailout for banks." this the times' headline bank relief article january rd, satoshi suggested that the central government imputes the damage occurred from key currency issuance and inappropriate management financial derivatives the citizens who are the main members the real economy. that was why satoshi issued bitcoin countermeasure. what satoshi tried the very first experience establish new decentralized economic structure, unlike the traditional one that run government and trusted institutions. lot people found the possibility new economic system, starting from tiny project person's experience, and becoming the trigger decentralized, distributed system variety economic areas. here define this schrodt, paul. "cryptocurrency: how will look the future money." time. time, mar. web. new economic structure decentralization "token economy". the essential elements for the transition from centralization decentralization are rationality, transparency, and fairness. many nodes maintain the fairness the pow (proof-of-work), protocol that designed prevent and deter cyber-attacks the network and allows consensus trustless transactions pos (proof-of-stake) also validating transaction system that executed miners who put number coins block and check its transaction blocks. these systems were made for individuals benefit based unreliability. the blocks established transactions are disclosed the public via the network and unable modified. addition, various economic sectors are creating tokens their own base currency localized region for the transition decentralized economy. individual tokens are guaranteed their independence within the decentralized economy. token, each which guaranteed its own independence, medium that provides rationality and transparency within decentralized economic system, which important role that enables transitions new economic system. token economy problems fraud and scams the blockchain space (token economy) thanks the appearance ethereum and smart contract, people easily issue tokens and promote ico/crowdfunding order receive large amount investments they could not imagine the venture era. initial investment became the cornerstone crypto industry development and related technologies rapidly developed well. one hand there are the positive impacts like above but the other hand, fake fundraising, scam, and fraud are also increasing. they make fancy whitepapers and specialist team with famous people lure investors and raise funds. after that, the personnel setup changed the project poorly managed. either case can considered fraud. many investors try expose these activities fraud through careful investigation and analysis but isn't easy define and avoid these unreliable projects. decentralized economic structure doesn't have artifices assessment, monitoring, evaluation and regulation which are all contained the existing system. lack these functions the system leads many victims. limitation and vulnerability the centralized system the decentralized system not concept that simply opposes but offer overcome the weakness and irrationalities centralized system. ironically, the cryptocurrency market was operated the centralized service systems during the initial stage. after the hack events mount. gox and tether the government tightened the regulations centralized management services and exposed the fact that centralization not appropriate decentralize nor distribute currency systems. given the features centralized management service, assets customers are exposed malicious hackings, internal decision making and management that not have transparency and monitoring system not sufficient. does not make sense that decentralized cryptocurrency market system for transparent transactions and decision making are run centralized service from the first place. the demand for proper countermeasures growing further. result, decentralized system such distributed exchange and community based the distributed database are emerging the market. greenberg, andy. "hackers hit mt. gox exchange's ceo, claim publish evidence fraud." forbes. forbes magazine, july web. higgins, stan. "tether claims million dollar token stolen." coindesk. coindesk, nov. web. marketplace token market there marketplace for various new tokens the token economy. most tokens are sold individually its issuer's web pages. that means, compared the expensive marketing cost and physical efforts made sellers, the benefits are limited and small. purchasers also have difficulties obtain sufficient opinions evaluate its value and information. result, customers cannot assess how rational the token purchase themselves. marketplace for new tokens leads suspicion about the value tokens and expose purchasers the risk scams. over and underestimate token price the value cryptocurrency settled initial sale through the issuer's pricing policy and, demand and supply the market. the value currency reflects the practical value use and demand the market. addition, cryptocurrency more sensitive future value than the existing currency. unfortunately, most cryptocurrencies the present market are not verified for their values. however, the market currencies are not properly valued because the exaggerated and uncertain information that arises result large-scale capital intervention.estimate the true value services and support token economy the vitalization token economy attracts capitals from every direction. positive trend the market implied not only the public attention but also the influx real capital. however, chaos growing because scam cases, prohibition policy against cryptocurrency advertisement major portal sites, search engines and communities well the regulation enhancement governmental level. and regulations the centralized platform may prevent the risks decentralized economic structure and protect the participants the system. also true that the centralized regulatory policy disturbs the natural transition the decentralized economic system the long term. only strengthens the unilateral regulations derived from the existing centralized management customs instead finding solution and countermeasures intrinsically agree with the decentralized system, valuable cryptocurrencies grow will disappear soon without being appreciated its merits. apot principle and design order provide the information tokens and perform value assessment, reasonable standard with logic and ground are required. the centralized structure needs plenty resources for the judging process and standard. results can different from the practical members' opinion the market. this gap due the difficulty securing reliability the assessment procedure. therefore, apot establishes social network that allows the collective intelligence the market participants produce evaluations. opinions token can reviewed from various angles. depending the perspectives related parties such development, investment, and participants, tokens have technological value, market value, use value, etc. intend build evaluation system based various value judgments produced collective intelligence. believe this system will reflect the collective value token quite well. allbit will share the participants' opinions the token, show the strengths and weaknesses and hopefully prove the topic. the network's collective intelligence based voluntary participation will produce breaking news and information relentlessly. the participants obtain reputation through activities and the reputation will certified index the network reviewing the values tokens. the evaluation tokens used the token economy via many applications. the end, will develop and polish the cryptocurrency market ecosystem. token allbit allbit platform will discuss and review every cryptocurrency. covers every token based decentralized economy philosophy, especially the tokens toward decentralized economy instead the existing centralized structure, well the ones based the blockchain technology. value token there are many ways assess the value tokens. the evaluation process considers many elements such scale the actual market, circulation structure token, the superiority blockchain technology, partner service linked the token system, etc. through the voluntary sharing opinions from various fields, objective evaluation can conducted. participant, you may utilize your specialized knowledge and expertise, focus its technological value, judge its value use the actual economic system. sharing the diverse opinions the participants, the target tokens are collectively reviewed and evaluated. more specialized insightful opinion will obtain great reputation the network the process and will provide them opportunity lead the entire network. apot token and apot credit apot credit provided participants when they make contribution assess and prove the value token successfully. anyone who participates the collective intelligence receives apot credit according their contributions. that means apot credit can considered the reputation the platform, the higher apot credit, the bigger decision influence. users have the decision whether convert not apot credit apot token. otherwise not converted after certain period, accumulated credits will cease use participants cannot possess certain level reputation forever. preventing the reputation hierarchy from accumulating and fossilizing, the network gains motive and power operate healthier. moreover, users can earn tokens through airdrop events carried out the platform; tokens this context means all tokens sent token developers the allbit platform, that will distributed later after the finalization airdrop event. the airdrop events are performed series quizzes where developers the token users can suggest topics. the user needs participate answering with the correct answer order gain the tokens. only users with the correct answer will receive tokens that will proportionately distributed according the number participants the certain (airdrop) quiz. airdrop will proportionate the user's number the token and all airdrop events carried out the platform will primarily inspected before the actual event. furthermore, the apot token will help provide stable service cycle our ecosystem order maintain our governance structure and keep the network connecting users and sharing information through polls and quizzes. will used mechanism protect our structure from abuse when suggesting topics avoid complications creating payment system, users will need pay certain amount suggest topics keep the collective intelligence ecosystem running. anybody from big exchanges developers funds, etc., who wants know the real value their token, raise awareness, see their business will worth try not can use the apot and suggest topic receive the answer their question through our massive collective intelligence. social network for collective intelligence collective intelligence order assess cryptocurrency value and materialize organic-collective intelligence, knowledge essential. from simple description specialized expertise, covers all the categories related cryptocurrency. each cryptocurrency category will have news such updates, partnership, etc continuously. exchange for the information, forms the stream letting the participants learn new knowledge and news about cryptocurrency. ultimately, will achieve higher level collective intelligence. beginners will try learn and obtain more information while professionals expertise and news will try provide and share them with others. both learner and informant will receive rewards appropriate for their efforts and level contribution reasonable calculation. topic and opinion (opinion chain) there are many ways find opinions, collect them and finally build collective intelligence. wikipedia collects knowledge the form online encyclopedia and keeps correcting and modifying its contents. reddit allows people suggest their opinions subjects and forms universal knowledge the reactions and opinions the readers. unlike the various platform collective intelligence, apot's sole purpose not only collect information but also make total assessment for the tokens through collective intelligence. achieve our purpose, introduce token value assessment model that collects related topics and opinions. members' opinions are not deliver objective information other members, but rather deliver subjective suggestion with perspective and insights into how they consider the topic. some relevant facts about tokens are impossible prove the chain, topics aim prove the relevant facts with regard that token off chain. the opinion also includes base data and background knowledge prove how rational the writer's judgment and where they stand the topic. the writers express their opinion the topic discussion and readers comment about its strengths and weaknesses. participants may add some information the opinion open threads suggest opinions discuss. moreover, rewards for the activities are roughly divided into two. the first one the reward the writer the opinion, which based the participation and the influence that causes and the second reward given the writer and the seconders that opinion, when considering the overall opinions single topic and when the writer's opinion considered correct judgment based the conclusion from the governance. since this network structure topic-opinion type, not absolute form communication, but rather loose structure review and assess tokens which our key goal. other than this structure communication, many networking methods discuss opinions and share information will proposed. allbit reputation our collective intelligence network will nothing without reputation. not mention the positive aspects collective intelligence, must approach the risk, prevention, and countermeasures majority violence and results. reputation built the participants' opinion usefulness and their network influence. value the opinions collected evaluated other's supports and related activities and will rewarded with apot credit. sum up, the reputation for allbit governance the total amount apot credit you've obtained. higher reputation with more apot credits, the more reputation will have the impact the governance's judgment. apot credit your reputation the collective intelligence but nothing else. does not come from capital strength. also, apot credits are obtained through the network activities, are impossible trade, and expires through time. apot: allbit proof token proof-of-token the goal allbit platform assess tokens' values properly and provide the results the economic participants and also share with our members. not easy task express token's value numerically since can investigated from various angles. however, use collective intelligence network consisted diverse brain powers. through this process, token value quantified. the assessment tokens done against the appropriateness the current token value. appropriateness value the valuation the token the current market versus the value the token that the evaluator thinks, that is, the evaluation the current market the token. for instance, the market's assessment better worse than you think? can expressed purchase decision this value you need it? for assessment criteria, market value used because the value goods money expressed the evaluation the market and evaluators respond the token two forms; positive negative. positive means that you think the current value the token appropriate underrated. negative means overestimated now compared its true value. once answers are entered into the network, recorded via blockchain and weighted value per reviewer will reflected based his/her apot credit that point time. positive and negative will showing each poll participants yes ratio. every poll participant's credit (apot credit) changes time social network activities. unless their thoughts for positive negative the cryptocurrency changed, apot credits are collected and calculated into the token's value assessment. governance participants opinions are based their activity levels that prove the collective intelligence. this process will help reduce the ratings the token that committed scams improper practices. decision-making process and rationality its results the procedures token value assessment allbit must reasonable and fair. reviewers the token shall not informed anything about the poll until finishes and the result comes out. being able know the progress the process making judgments maximize profits will hinder fair judgment. this can understood through the theory the 'prisoner's dilemma' game theory. poll participants who give opinions for the final result will receive the rewards for their "right" choice. moreover, most anonymous poll participants and reviewers will want obtain the biggest reward, aspires make the best judgment possible. delegating token practically, most members with general knowledge not have enough information judgment make the right choice. also not easy participate every review and polls. therefore, the common member the structure able pursue maximum profit supporting other's opinion that corresponds theirs. short, will delegation authority. continuous monitoring the initial stage token issuance, not much information available getting high rating unlikely. however, constant development according the milestone will make the information flow allbit network and produce positive supporters. following the milestone opened the public, poll participants can change their opinions the topic can get know new tokens increasing the participation polls. poll participants and reviewers increase, unfaithful tokens will receive lower rating while trustworthy developers' tokens climb the rating ladder smoothly. governance and token ecosystem supporter individual can judge the token value based the information provided allbit system. will help avoid choose poor token with risks. with constant surveillance and opinions can provide basis for support for large number opinions, rather than giving individual opinions developers. developer developers benefit obtaining supporters attention and sponsorship such airdrop events listing depending the value assessment made allbit. also, receiving the constant evaluation the direction development, finding more ideas develop better way. supply specialists contribution assets provide expertise and reasonable value standard target and create contribution supplies bigger scale. exchanges financial institution most exchange markets for cryptocurrency have not revealed their criteria decision-making process list coins. exchanges have great influence token values and this kind centralized, secret process inevitably gets lot suspicions. reflecting the economic participants' assessments and opinions the listing procedure, will make the market with transparency and trustworthy institute. other financial companies will also utilize the information and qualification process given the participants with the proper knowledge. user getting wealth information about tokens, you can gain access variety businesses and develop into new service users based this information. can also true user the token economy that understands the token economy the service and not the simple user. application with allbit platform are expecting the appearance many applications for the token economy combined with new businesses. believe most service providers the cryptocurrency market will utilize allbit for their service stability. every move and effort will likely contribute the positive development the cryptocurrency ecosystem. service providers can utilize allbit's decision-making process guarantee the usability their users and protect them properly. will support the development allbit and also the creation decentralized applications based allbit that will support the token economy. decentralized exchange methodology build decentralized exchange market varied the related technologies. for example, when two cryptocurrencies are exchanged, there are priorities consider before technical methods. decentralized exchanges should not only implement decentralized driving method from technical point view, but also consider the fact that governance can always occur policy issues such price, listing, and liquidity. considering the policy issues decentralized exchanges, allbit can provide reasonable basis and actively render information exchange about tokens with our apot. token marketplace like decentralized exchanges, allbit useful many ways the token marketplace. allbit governance feature will help judge token's usage, the purpose issuance, properness its initial price, and practicality its whitepaper. moreover, sellers can receive helpful feedback after the release the token prevent nowadays biggest problems token sale such the lack consistent monitoring and lack countermeasures against scams. therefore, they must provide their milestone advance the token marketplace apot inside allbit can help and provide feedback evaluating whether has been performed faithfully accordance with the stages mentioned the milestone and prevent regrettable decisions communities interested that specific token. job creation and recruiting service firm fact that the industries and companies related blockchain and cryptocurrency are and will increasing. even the existing business entities combine with blockchain converting themselves into token economies such icbc (industrial and commercial bank china), the very top the largest companies and second year row, exploring ways authenticate digital certificates using blockchain technology instead trusted central authorities. although many people want find work the industry, the very feature "decentralization" technology does not allow have the existing corporations' common characteristics, contents and reward system. naturally, there not much information make judgment and make matters worse, the short history blockchain not helpful enough prove the capability who want involved in. through allbit, people can prove and expose themselves the world. the companies can find resources required the business based the qualified reputation and the job seekers can take the platform test board. zhao, wolfie. "icbc's first blockchain patent now public." coindesk. coindesk, apr. web. appendix token structure total supply:,,, token name: apot token symbol: apot standard: erc- decimal: token allocation pre-sale marketing reserve allocation details marketing: pre-sale: reserve: total: ,,, apot reserve (partners, strategy, founder, incentive, marketing, etc.) (.%): reserve quantity used case there need use tokens for business and there are many situations the market where tokens are distributed used without prior notice. token distribution allbit plans reduce the risk initial price volatility distributing significant quantity coins that can affect the market pre-sale investor/partner chronological order. pre-sale payment based the issue month month payment months payment months payment months payment months payment months contract model) roadmap q-q sidechain based decentralized exchange release listing altcoins apot token release and listing the allbit exchange apot token listing another exchange krw pair. allbit exchange mobile app launch q-q collecting proof authority (poa) and promoting global partnership apot token listing overseas exchanges allbit alliance program (aap: token generation and consulting service) launch q-q otc trading desk and service launch allbit and apot related new services release advancing the asian market through alliance and partnership partners upbit the global top exchange with world-class blockchain technology, regulatory expertise, and operational know-how. they provide financial-institution grade security and user-friendly service from years experience operating stock trading system massive scale. they support the trade more than cryptoassets and real-time security monitoring and firewall system for enhanced security. hexa group group leading the transformation towards value based decentralized economy, what they call- the new economy. hexa group's vision decentralize capitalism, creating fair, balanced and borderless global economic system. also their focus help spread blockchain technology for the public good through education, developing technology platforms and providing services and resources. hexa labs leading global consulting and advisory company whose proficiency lies solving complex blockchain challenges. hexa labs creates effective solutions that assist its clients with launching industryleading decentralized applications. hexa lab's team solution architects, blockchain experts, analysts, strategists and developers work provide unprecedented solutions for smart digital wallets, blockchain infrastructure, smart contracts and secured systems. their holistic service offering facilitates advanced application builds multiple blockchains efficiently deploy distributed ledger technology secure environment. orichal partners aims bridging the gap between traditional finance cryptocurrency investing. manages multi-strategy cryptocurrency fund which deploys capital into token sale projects, tactical long-short, arbitrage, and other systematic trading solutions. additionally, orichal operates tokenization advisory business which aids clients every step from capital raising, marketing legal advisory and marketing making solutions. univalues associates early-stage crypto fund investing companies harnessing the blockchain technologies and token economy. the firm focuses its investments public blockchain technologies, decentralized protocols and applications, blockchain social media, crypto exchanges, and crypto asset management firms. rocketfuel consists top minds from cutting-edge companies such snapchat, salesforce, uber, airbnb, accenture, mckinsey and more. our talent, graduates from mit, columbia, and berkeley, have years industry leadership their respective fields. landscape where people throw money problems, they like provide strategic and value-add opportunities business strategy, product, marketing, blockchain implementation, recruiting, and more order help our investments succeed. our value the cryptocurrency space extensive and can help your brand with more than just capital. block inside major chinese ctypto fund, which specialized online viral marketing, community viral, korean website production, establishment and operation sns, press advertisement, and listed exchange. since they have been undertaking accellerating and investing several blockchain projects, such eos (eos) and zilliaqa (zil). they recently co-founded coinbene korea cooperation with coinbene, singapore expand their influence into korean market. bitgosu the no. south korean crypto community accelerator specialized building local communities and maximizing community awareness for projects the korean crypto scene. currently bitgosu running the biggest crypto youtube channel hosted spunky with over subscribers and over views all it's daily videos.