appcoins redesigning the app economy the first ico serving million users version december abstract the app economy has three main problems: advertising. relies many inefficient middlemen, increasing the cost user acquisition for app developers, reducing transparency and generating fraudulent transactions. nowadays, only the app downloads are triggered advertising. app monetisation and in-app purchases (iap). still not massified and can costly. iaps rely payment methods and flows that are not accessible many users. especially emerging markets where the transactions costs are high, with significant margins being taken payment processors and other fintech middlemen. currently, only users purchase items apps. app approval. inefficient process related with users' cybersecurity and apps quality assurance that currently being handled each centralised app store with non-transparent flows and policies that affect developers' and users' trust. the solution appcoins, open and distributed protocol for app stores based the ethereum blockchain. proposes move all three flows the blockchain. this removes intermediation and redistributes the value released way that creates incentives for end-users, developers and app stores alike. advertising, the protocol guarantees not only that the users install apps but that they pay attention for least minutes. appcoins calls this cost per attention (cpat). the value invested the developer cpat used award users with appcoin tokens. iap will grow with users using their earned appcoins purchasing them through exchanges. app approvals are made universal and more transparent through developer reputation system. the reputation tied the financial transactions the public ledger and auditable. dispute system will created that appcoin owners can vote rank developers. the appcoins business model will have considerable impact the app economy. enables transition towards circular economy, reusing value that was previously drained intermediaries. for now, the appcoins protocol will focus the android market, which has market share. the first app store integrate the appcoins protocol aptoide. with over million active users, billion downloads and years the market, one the biggest third-party android app stores. aptoide projects that more than billion users will use app stores powered appcoins years. white paper appcoins table contents abstract ...................................................................................................................................... appcoins overview ............................................................................................................. the solution ................................................................................................................................. strategies promote appcoins adoption .................................................................................. appcoins use cases ................................................................................................................... analysis appcoins model and impact ........................................................................ transparency and openness ..................................................................................................... closing the loop towards circular economy .......................................................................... business case ...................................................................................................................... appcoins adoption .................................................................................................................... in-store app advertising ............................................................................................................ in-app purchases ....................................................................................................................... appcoins added value the app economy ............................................................................. the app store foundation................................................................................................ overview .................................................................................................................................... objectives .................................................................................................................................. operational aspects for the asf formation ............................................................................... roadmap ............................................................................................................................ organisational ........................................................................................................................... technical .................................................................................................................................... business ..................................................................................................................................... token allocation, crowdsale and bootstrap .................................................................. token allocation ........................................................................................................................ bootstrap strategy ..................................................................................................................... appcoins team .................................................................................................................. about aptoide .................................................................................................................... references ......................................................................................................................... white paper appcoins appcoins overview the solution appcoins open and distributed protocol for app stores based the ethereum blockchain and smart contracts. redesigns app advertising, in-app purchases (iap) and app approval flows through circular model. higher share the advertising and iap revenue kept within the app ecosystem, more value rooted back into the app economy. being open protocol, also provides more transparency and trust. multiple app stores can implement and benefit from this and stakeholders will contribute its development and adoption. furthermore, simple api integration will allow easy implementation. figure appcoins solution through appcoins can integrate app stores, users, developers, advertisers and oems. this system app store agnostic, existing across different mobile platforms (android ios). appcoins, the different app stores act oracles the smart contracts, which are associated with each the platform's core transactions. this system creates trust layer for the economy, rendering many middlemen obsolete. appcoins aims become the universal language the app economy. the protocol also includes so-called proof-of-attention system. users, app stores, and oems receive tokens through the proof-of-attention concept reward. developers that want advertise their apps can sure that the user has installed and used it. the users reinvest their tokens via inapp purchases and this creates virtuous loop that boosts the appcoins economic growth. white paper appcoins in-store app advertising developers are willing pay for app installs (via advertising) but there fraud and high costs intermediation (ad servers, tracking platforms, etc.). with the appcoins protocol, advertising transactions are the blockchain. developers publish offers certain app store creating smart contract. the tracking the app installation and usage occurs via proof-of-attention, reducing fraud. each app store acts oracle, which unlocks developer's funds through smart contract. how works: the developer pays for the user's attention (cpat) defined -minute threshold. the user receives advertising revenue their wallet. this value can used pay for in-app purchases. the app stores will receive the revenue for distributing the apk and for being the oracle the smart contract. oems who distribute the solution their devices will receive for the role pre-loading the app stores and bringing their user base the system. figure appcoins advertising flow white paper appcoins the app store will validate the time spent the app without any intermediaries and will record the blockchain. afterwards, smart contract transfers appcoins from the developer's wallet the user's wallet, oem, and app store. example for advertising (smart contract when the app store (oracle) confirms the user attention (minimum time using the app) stores the proof-of-attention the blockchain. soon this happens, there's transfer from the developer's wallet the user's wallet (%), app store (%) and oem (%). the value the transfer equals the bid. in-app purchases many users want buy items inside apps, but often don't have the means (methods money). appcoins can used pay for iap any app store. users may earn appcoins installing and paying attention advertised apps, which way engage and incentivise users participate the economy. moreover, appcoins will available several global platforms where users can exchange fiat currency for the tokens. will also possible send/receive tokens to/from other users. figure appcoin iap flow how works: the price each in-app item catalogued the blockchain, using the developer's private signature. after the sale, the user can continue use the iap item since the proof payment the blockchain. each user can also send non-consumed items other users. users buy in-app items with appcoins earned from advertising, exchanged for fiat currency sent other peers (pp transfers). white paper appcoins developers receive the iap transaction their wallet directly from the user's wallet. the price can dynamically established the developer and may change during the app's lifetime. the app stores will get the revenue purchases made users, for the role distributing the apk and oracle the smart contract. appcoins are independent the store and can used elsewhere for apps consumption, even across app platforms. oems (who distribute the solution their devices) will receive for the role preloading the app stores adopting this solution. developer's ranking developer's reputation based their transactional history the blockchain. the reputation all listed apps tied the developer's reputation. becomes easy secure the platform since app approval automated. nowadays, users already have tools like comments, ratings and malware flags rank apps and, inherently, developers. these important feedbacks are analyzed quality assurance teams, which inefficient and costly service. appcoins protocol provides automated governance system for app approval based the developer's ranking. this brings huge efficiency the quality assurance and apps approval processes. furthermore, the proposed developer's ranking will promote transparency the app approval process app stores, defining trust circle with different levels well rewards; and system that promotes the engagement users this ranking, performed dispute system with incentives. appcoins ensures improved experience for users and developers and makes app stores safer from malicious software. how works: the developers' apps ranking system stored the distributed blockchain, which the app stores have access to. management this "chain trust" performed the community/industry, cooperating efficient way. the appcoins "chain trust" model exhibits three different types reputation for developers: trusted: the apps trusted developer are considered safe. white paper appcoins critical: apps not considered safe and therefore blacklisted. unknown: preliminary status referring developers before any app has been uploaded. once uploaded app considered safe, the status changes trusted. the app deemed unsafe, changes critical. for trusted ranking: there are different "trusted" rank levels and they will automatically calculated depending the amount iap and advertising transactions the blockchain. the trusted status defined the interaction volume transactions apps and not the downloads. the higher the developer engagement paying for ads, the higher the user engagement, measured both proof-of-attention and iap. the popularity apps will influence the trusted ranking developer. top games and apps will default have more transactions (ads and iap) and, therefore, will enjoy higher trusted rank. figure appcoins developer's ranking white paper appcoins example: developer uploads app for the first time and classified unknown. creating advertising campaign acquire users, thus creating transaction flow, the ranking moves from unknown trusted. users purchase in-app items and, creating more transactions, increase the level trust the developer the process. for the dispute system (giving "critical" classification): when malware detected app user wants report low-quality app, the dispute system will use consensus protocol mitigate the dispute. appcoins will play critical role this. figure ranking dispute white paper appcoins the opening dispute intent blockchain will allow days order for other users respond negative classification (intent). case response the developer's reputation drops down critical status; case response the user pays fee appcoins respond and the dispute open for days other users can also respond similarly. the dispute will have sides: contestants (bad ranking side) pleaders (developer's side who want the developer keep good ranking) after the days, the side that has most appcoins will win. the contestants side wins, the developer classified critical, the pleaders side wins, the developer stays becomes classified trusted, evaluation the side that wins. there incentive mechanism: the side that wins will get their appcoins invested the dispute refunded. the side that loses will also get refunded with the appcoins invested minus the taken out the "losing side" will divided the winning side (proportional the amount that user put in). app stores can decide themselves they want hide remove the app classified critical. strategies promote appcoins adoption there are several factors that will encourage the adoption appcoins protocol among users and developers. the initial support aptoide, third-party app store with million users and more than thousand developers enrolled. appcoins will benefit, since the beginning, this wide user base and partnerships. the creation the app store foundation (section .), which will have the aim encouraging other app stores adopt appcoins. inherently, these app stores will promote the adoption the protocol their customers and partners. the users' compensation system, not found any app store, catalyst more inapp purchases and accessibility for new paying customers active the app economy. the trust customers the this blockchain based payment mechanism for mobile apps (inherent blockchain). complementing these factors, the tokens are reserved for bootstrapping the adoption users, developers and oems. the specific actions are presented section ... the section presented reasoned business case sustain these strategies and forecast the evolution adoption appcoins. white paper appcoins appcoins use cases this section appcoins use cases for both the consumer and business sides are explained. users with payment system access everson has android smartphone and loves play games. would love purchase inapp items. but the problem that doesn't have credit card easy way sending money his game wallet. consumers emerging economies such brazil still prefer rely bank transfer (%), credit/debit card (%) and mobile carrier billing/sms (%) for in-app transactions []. digital wallets account for only all transactions. few everson's friends have credit card. even fewer payments online, although and his friends all own smartphones. the father one his friends has credit card and able pay through his phone. everson's friend offers send him appcoin tokens exchange for local fiat money. all has install appcoins affiliated app store. then can start using his appcoins through their iap system his favourite android games. white paper appcoins users with low financial resources arun has small youtube channel talking about android apps. most his audience are his friends. he's always looking for free alternative apps well-known tools. arun also looks for freemium games that can play offline. arun doesn't have lot money spend. many his followers youtube ask him review premium features apps, but unable buy them. only could earn some free credit unlock those features through iaps. india, only (compared globally) smartphone app users buy in-app items []. these problems are solved once tries appcoins. now plays important role the app economy. appcoins value his willingness and availability try new apps and games. the more time spends using new apps, the more appc obtains. white paper appcoins indie developers growstrong studios indie developer. they have been doing paid advertising app stores acquire new users. they have noticed two different patterns: lot traffic fraudulent, the installs they are receiving are not real users; and many the real users don't spend more than few seconds the app. far, all their marketing investment has been wasted. mobile app developers still suffer from app discovery issues, especially indie developers. the most popular app the market only has the users []. breaking through the noise still the no. issue faced indie developers. current mobile advertising not solution either. mobile fraud losses may reach billion []. lot mobile advertising ineffective; only app installs are triggered advertising. also, fraud practices such false clicks and installs are rampant. after testing appcoins, growstrong studios conclude that makes considerably more difficult fake installs actions. this reduces fraud and guarantees that the users least try the app, increasing the chances retention. further boost conversion, they award the user few appcoins for the install and attention. they can even run promotions for them, such offering items with special appcoins price. it's win-win. white paper appcoins top developers mega one the top developers the world. has app portfolio that includes mobile games that rank amongst the top most popular. keeps introducing new apps the market, but it's getting harder get these new games noticed. the market overcrowded and the acquisition efforts are very costly. the meantime, mega's cash cows won't last forever. despite being top developer they still run the risk losing market share the app economy's long tail. analysing app development companies google play store can infer that some top developers may have unbalanced app portfolios. supercell for example leading mobile app development studio has most their downloads from single game. mega's new app development processes can improved with the extra cash flows coming from the appcoins economy. this allows them put better apps the market faster. users also have more financial power enjoy the paid in-app experiences. white paper appcoins independent app stores mainapps independent android app store that has critical issue: the difficulty confirm the identity developers. they need confirm these identities control the quality new app uploads. solve that, they have their own quality assurance process, but that process only partially automated. the combined revenue independent app stores nearly matches google play's revenue billion []. these are important players which have struggled with app quality issues []. appcoins allows mainapps check the blockchain determine the developer's reputation based previous transaction data and disputes. this way, mainapps can benefit from standard transparent global quality assurance system. white paper appcoins regional app stores markyt regional android app store. one the main problems that faces the difficulty obtaining access global content. they have very good relations with local developers, and they have good processes certify their identities, given that there are fewer. the main problem getting global top developers submit their own content app store they don't know, especially given the difficulties with their processes. approximately the app economy revenue china comes from regional app stores []. regional app stores are important regions such russia, china, india, south-america and the middle-east []. they all experience problems with lack access aaa content. appcoins trustworthy environment where top developers are open submit their content different app stores. they don't need create special versions their content process iap anymore. this gives developers the ability access previously untapped geographies. appcoins provides standardised interface for developers receive payments any app store. top developers now have reason trust markyt and are willing try out these new app stores, since app distribution simplified and return they can earn more profits. white paper appcoins oems truepad one the largest equipment manufacturers the world. enjoys strong market share the android tablets market and sells millions devices from shenzhen the world. also has its own android app store that comes pre-installed, trueapps, because that way the company can avoid using google services (which provides low return for them). theory, truepad could get large number apps given its reputation oem, but developers prefer upload their content the well-known stores. the company's main issue attracting new and updated content make their app store useful their devices. the smartphone oem "big four" china hold the global vendor market share []. they've been left out the app monetisation payoff, but they are one the main drivers the app economy growth, given that they select which app store provide their devices. appcoins allows truepad monetise its devices through the oem share included the smart contracts. also allows the oem scale its content offer partnering with app stores. the appcoin protocol allows integrate with different app stores and monetise their large user base. truepad still keeps its own proprietary app store and catalogue while generating leads for existing app stores. white paper appcoins analysis appcoins model and impact transparency and openness the mobile attribution model assumes the advertiser and the publisher don't trust each other. thus, relies third-party confirm the advertising results. appcoins renders the third party obsolete through proof-of-attention, with costless built-in transparency enforced the underlying blockchain. costless verification one the main benefits blockchain-based financial systems []. additionally, appcoins transactions rely publicly available smart contracts. means that all parties have the mathematical assurance that they can trust each other. privacy also safeguarded: cryptography ensures that can verify transactions without accessing private data. when have trustworthy system that also ensures privacy are facing truly open economy, which eliminates transactional risks that currently exist. also creates safe plug-and-play environment for open innovation from firms. recent research suggests that open innovation fosters knowledge spill over effects between firms. this has positive net effect overall economic performance []. existing open platforms such android have generated higher levels innovation []. android, particular, has achieved market leadership very fast []). appcoins' transparency and openness should boost innovation the app economy similar manner. closing the loop towards circular economy one the central aspects the appcoins business model its circular economy. value previously drained intermediaries now stays the system, means for users active the app economy. this conception aligns with circular economy principles, bringing huge financial, social and environmental benefits. the circular economy has attracted the attention major global companies like google, unilever and renault []. global economies are transitioning from the linear model ("take, make, dispose" []) the circular model ("closing loops" []). the ellen macarthur foundation estimates the potential impact the net savings the billion per year white paper appcoins []. this led the recently provide funding support it: over eur million under horizon and eur. billion under the structural funds []. despite being associated with manufacturing, these benefits are being transposed the digital economy, shown google's case study []. the principles the circular economy include, among others, the need build resilience, think systems and share value []. figure shows the envisioned transition the app economy towards circular app economy using appcoins. figure appcoins closing loops towards circular app economy the current app economy has gaps. has way reusing resources building resilience into the system. there are several capital drainers, which prevent the economy from growing optimally. these capital drainers are the payment industry and adtech middle-men. they offer very low efficacy and efficiency. currently, only app downloads are triggered advertising, and only monthly active users make purchases the app economy []. therefore, there reuse value within the system, and little value brought the key players the economy: the developers and the users. the next section, present business case that provides clear vision the benefits moving from the current app economy circular economy like the one proposed appcoins model. white paper appcoins business case the app economy focuses global high-volume market that still growing fast. this business handled billion app downloads number that expected more than double []. march the google play store had million apps available, apple's app store had million, and the amazon app store had thousand [], while aptoide currently has more than million. despite being able encompass the whole app economy, the appcoins project will focus the android market first, which, the last quarter had market share []. terms value, the apps market was, billion industry, value that expected more than double []. however, the app economy has the several inefficiencies previously presented, namely the heavy intermediary services that add little value the key stakeholders, and the very low percentage users able, willing, pay for apps purchase inapp items. the following business case, provide grounded forecasts for the launch appcoins the app economy, and its impact. focus on: appcoins users' adoption; in-store app advertising; iap; and the added value the app economy from the perspective users, developers, app stores, oems, and also adtech and payments industry. appcoins adoption the evolution appcoins adoption based several factors. the first the support aptoide, successful european app store with million unique users doing least one download this app store will promote the initial adoption the system integrating the platform and promoting appcoins its users, developers, and partners. second factor the creation the app store foundation. described the next chapter, this foundation will have the aim building, through open governance, community app stores that, adopting appcoins and offering its user base, will significantly increase the number users adopting the system. the other factors that will influence the adoption appcoins are the characteristics the model itself. some examples are the users' compensation, not found other app stores, which has the ability bringing new user segments the app economy (users without money payment methods), and the trust that comes from blockchain's security and transparency features. another key characteristic the appcoins model the reduction the intermediation the adtech industry. this action tends lower the costs app advertisement the developers, promoting their adoption white paper appcoins and the users their apps. envision that these disruptive characteristics, associated with the network effects related with the market introduction the solution, will able foster the organic growth the user base, engaging new users and attracting users from the competition. table users' adoption appcoins month month month month long term (month beta users early adopters: aptoide app store consolidated bootstrap strategy results app store foundation: first set app stores' community the whole apps industry monthly active users (mau) forecast support the previous assumptions have built bass diffusion curve consumer growth model [][]) able forecast the progression the users' adoption with the following parameters: seed value mau, which will achieved with aptoide's initial support. word mouth (wom) effect parameter below average: (average the market .). paid advertising effect below average: (average the market .). baseline forecast for the number users the app economy according statista []. the wom parameter below average, the low paid advertising and the low number early adopters (considering aptoide's support), grants the forecast shown table conservative perspective. table may read and explained follows: beta users the month after the beginning the project; million early appcoins' adopters the month, leveraging aptoide's support; million users when the bootstrap strategy consolidated (th month), following the strategies described section this moment, the app store foundation assumes the governance the project; million mau the month, based aptoide's mau, the bootstrap strategy completion and the efforts the app store foundation for engaging app stores; billion mau the long-term: after years, aim have the mobile apps market adopting appcoins, which coherent with the bass diffusion curve model previously described. white paper appcoins in-store app advertising apps advertising, propose reduce the intermediation the adtech industry, transferring its value (its revenue share) users, giving them the means more active and engaged the apps economy. have thus built the following assumptions: users will more installs triggered ads than they today order earn appcoins, which they can use purchase items apps. currently, based aptoide's business intelligence data, only the apps downloaded are triggered ads. however, studies from show that user more likely convert when being rewarded watch []. therefore, conservatively, forecast gradual increase from the current cpi model, achieve downloads triggered appcoins ads the limit our timeline years). due the reduction intermediaries, developers will immediately pay less per attention (cpat) than they pay currently per install (current default cpi model). the adtech industry share between and the value paid developers. moreover, currently, the average cpi the android market []. conservatively, due the disintermediation, have assumed average cpat below the current average cpi. due its added value the market (more downloads triggered ads; more users doing iap) assume that from the month onwards, appcoins' cpat value will equal the rate increase conversions (percentage downloads triggered ads). this conservative perspective, based the higher demand app advertising services when these prove their benefits. currently, each user makes average downloads per month (aptoide's business intelligence source). forecast the number transactions and revenue without appcoins has been achieved considering the current known facts downloads triggered ads and average cpi). white paper appcoins table app advertising monthly transactions and revenue month month month month long term (month number monthly ads transactions (downloads triggered ads) monthly revenue in-store apps ads today mau average cpat (assumption and c.) number monthly app downloads (assumption d.) in-store apps ads downloads triggered appcoins ads (assumption a.) transactions without appcoins revenue without appcoins table uses the previous assumptions and known data forecast the progression in-store app advertising transactions and revenue with appcoins. the forecast shows that despite the reduction the price cpat when compared current cpi models (lower costs for developers), after months the monthly revenue with appcoins more than doubles the current revenue instore app advertising. after months, the monthly revenue with appcoins times bigger than the revenue without appcoins. even the market revenue doubles forecasted [], appcoins will still have revenue that twice large. moreover, the long term, the difference between the appcoins model and current the default cpi model still sharpens. note: the share the previous revenue goes the users, who have spend the value earned the app economy. white paper appcoins in-app purchases considering app advertising the economic flow that will have most the related value redirected promote users' activity the app economy, the iap where this activity takes place. figure depict the flow between app advertising and iap, the appcoins loop (or reuse). support the business scenario, have built the following assumptions. with appcoins: average, each user will spend more iap. assume that this will happen due the more trustful and transparent environment, and the improved engagement (akin gamification) the users with the system through its compensation mechanism. currently, the average iap per paying user, per month, the android market []. adding this value, users will have the earned appcoins available, equivalent the conversion related revenue (starting with the cpat table where users will receive per triggered conversion). assume that, with appcoins, the average iap per paying user will equal the current average iap per paying user plus the appcoins earned each user per month the cpat multiplied the number appcoins' conversions per user). given that the cpat will increase (table the average iap per paying user will also increase (proportionally). table shows this scenario, which conservatively leads moderate increase the average iap per paying user. this coherent with the larger user base engaging iap, which the strongest argument the appcoins model. the percentage users engaging iap will increase. this growth one the goals and strengths appcoins. the system more inclusive, allowing users that not have money payment mechanisms earn value spend the economy. moreover, users have spend all the appcoins earned the app economy. given that studies from show that user more likely convert when being rewarded watch [], envision growth the percentage mau engaging iap from the current the end our forecast period years). this growth also sustained with similar growth the percentage downloads triggered ads. given that users have spend the earned appcoin tokens (for anti-fraud reasons, explained the technical specifications, users cannot exchange earned appcoins for fiat money), assume that there direct correlation between these two variables (percentage users engaging iap and percentage downloads triggered ads, which leads the earning appcoins). the forecast the iap revenue without appcoins has been achieved considering the current known facts mau engaging iap and average monthly iap per paying user). white paper appcoins table monthly in-app purchase transactions and revenue month month month long term (month today month mau in-app purchase (iap) average iap per paying mau (assumption a.) mau doing iap (assumption b.) mau doing iap iap transactions iap revenue revenue without appcoins (assumption c.) based the assumptions and facts shown, table presents the business case related the iap evolution. can seen, after months, the iap related revenue more than doubles and after the month the iap revenue with appcoins times larger than the revenue without this model, which grants unquestionable added value from appcoins, even considering the potential growth the iap market is. white paper appcoins appcoins added value the app economy illustrate appcoins' added value the app economy, need compare the new distribution value with the existing one. regard mobile app advertising, the revenue share difference the following: regarding iap, currently the value paid the users when purchasing something app has the following distribution shares: with appcoins, the shares are defined public smart contracts, which brings transparency and trust the economy. both cases, oems will have share promote the wide market adoption appcoins. providing app stores powering appcoins default their devices, these entities are seen key drivers for appcoins' success. with the revenue share distributions mentioned above, and the revenues app advertising and iap shown previous tables, possible provide the following table that consolidates the incomes the key players the app market. white paper appcoins table consolidation monthly income shares with appcoins mau users monthly earnings month month month month long term (month users share ads transactions compensation generated compensation before appcoins developers share iap developers monthly incomes developers iap revenue average cpi savings ads due appcoins developers revenue with appcoins compensation before appcoins app stores monthly incomes ads transactions share iap transactions share app stores ads revenue app stores iap revenue app stores revenue with appcoins compensation before appcoins oems monthly incomes ads transactions share iap transactions share oems ads revenue oems iap revenue oems revenue with appcoins compensation before appcoins conclude, with appcoins the key players the market the developers and the users are the ones being best compensated. specifically, the developers, who are the content creators this market, are the ones with the biggest revenue share. moreover, according appcoins model, the compensation generated the users will be, default, reused the apps economy (in iap). white paper appcoins table monthly app economy losses and incomes mau adtech industry losses month month month long term (month current adtech share app advertising (min) current adtech share app advertising (max) average adtech losses payments industry losses month current payments processing fees share (min) current payments processing fees share (min) average payments processing losses users earnings developers income app stores income oems income appcoins app economy income total incomes with appcoins app economy monthly balance (incomes losses) table shows the balance between the losses that result from the disintermediation from the adtech industry and the payments industry, with the incomes/earnings generated appcoins for developers, users, oems and app stores. this balance highly positive: more than $.m per month after the first year, more than per month after the second year, and years, the balance will larger than $.b. white paper appcoins the app store foundation overview its core, the appcoins ecosystem envisioned formed community app stores that adopt the appcoins cryptocurrency provide higher financial and operational benefits the key stakeholders their services: the app developers and the app users. doing so, this community app stores will drastically improve the efficiency the whole app economy while also mitigating current technological challenges like the lack transparency and digital fraud advertisement, lack users' trust current digital payment mechanisms and the lack accessibility the app users the economy (lack money payment methods). ensure the independence and sustainability appcoins, foundation will created not-for-profit organisation: the app store foundation (asf). the mission the asf assure the open governance the appcoins ecosystem, support its development (after the initial implementation performed aptoide) and the continuous open innovation the technology. furthermore, also afs's mission promote the global appcoins adoption and support among the direct stakeholders, app stores, users and developers, and among key strategic entities for the scaling the ecosystem user base, such oems, governments telco companies. moreover, given that the appcoins system built upon several other projects and technologies, believe that important give something back the related community. the blockchain and cryptocurrencies are still their infancy and there are still several challenges solved order fulfil the industry's potential, like latency, scalability and transaction costs. projects and innovations will emerge bring the benefits the technology the daily lives people. way recompensing the blockchain community, the asf aims supporting open source projects its areas, believe that these contribute creating communities able fostering innovation. addition, asf will sponsor events for people present progress regarding the work the field, promoting the share and discussion innovative ideas. white paper appcoins objectives aligned with the asf mission, possible enumerate and further specify its objectives follows: governance: assure the independent, fair and transparent governance the ecosystem, taking into account the opinions and needs the majority community members. the actions governance encompass decisions related with participation rules, compliance guidelines, new technology projects approval and any other decision that affects the community the appcoins ecosystem. development: assure and manage the funds for the development the reference implementation components the appcoins protocol, well for its maintenance and scalability (after months, when the foundation created and takes control over the appcoins protocol and ecosystem). this shall done promoting the creation community developers working the open appcoins ecosystem. innovation: assure continuous open innovation the platform, directing and funding research and development projects approved the community, well the integration viable results the appcoins ecosystem. acquiring external funding (e.g. research and innovation frameworks like nsf shall considered for these initiatives. dissemination: assure the promotion appcoins globally, stimulating the adoption and support among direct stakeholders, like app stores, users and developers, and among key strategic entities for the sustainable scale-up the ecosystem, like oems, governments telco companies. operational aspects for the asf formation direct the inception the asf, these are the following guidelines and roadmap: the board the foundation will elected the appcoins owners, with voting weight proportional the number appcoins they own. the board members vote for the approval new protocol versions proposed the community developers. for supporting its mission and goals, when the asf takes control over the protocol definition and implementation, will allocated the appcoin tokens (reserved the token distribution event) minus the ones used for its inception. will also assigned the remaining tokens from the adoption bootstrap and the ones not used for key white paper appcoins contributors. furthermore, the foundation shall conduct the necessary actions have independent revenues, like event organisation, membership fees others, and for funding innovative appcoins related projects, like the application for research and innovation incentives (e.g. nsf h). table roadmap for the inception the foundation may discussion the foundation rules and bylaws (founders and appcoins holders) november may foundation creation and board election appcoins holders foundation takes over the protocol definition and reference implementation roadmap organisational (updated information www.appcoins.io) pre-sales ico with white listing. ensure good dissemination tokens, the pre-sale will disseminate the tokens the apps economy players with maximum caps for each person, presented section (updated information www.appcoins.io) ico launched with the closing date scheduled for january th, may public discussion asf rules and bylaws. the asf has been described the section the body that will coordinate the efforts the protocol development. the discussion the bylaws and internal organisation important guarantee balanced governance. november asf creation under the bylaws defined the community and appcoin tokens holders. may asf takes over the protocol definition and reference implementation. white paper appcoins technical -nov- appcoins protocol made available. appcoins protocol comprises: definition the scope covering the three main flows smart contracts algorithm definitions blockchain data structures on-chain off-chain scope definition this first version the result the feedback many contributors the community and comprise the technical definition the three main flows: in-store advertising, in-app purchase with tokens and reputation building. although protocol set rules that can permanently enhanced, important define some milestones and release major versions. the reason allow the development reference implementation specific version the protocol, and prevent the "moving target" syndrome. -dec- ("turing release") proof-of-concept in-app purchase transaction ethereum test network proof-of-concept will presented integrating the aptoide vanilla client using ethereum erc tokens in-app purchase (iap). the flow has the following steps: user installs game with aptoide iap support user buys digital item inside the game aptoide iap android activity triggered the game process the checkout the purchase aptoide iap android activity shows the number app coins needed buy the item user agrees with the value aptoide vanilla client creates the erc token transaction and send the ethereum test network after the transaction confirmed, the purchase released and the user can see updated balance appcoins the aptoide vanilla client the development can followed github: https://github.com/aptoide/appcoins-ethereumj white paper appcoins -mar ("neumann release") reference tools the protocol implementation this date, will released: open source reference implementation libraries, command line tools and sdk for appcoins developers have healthy and easy-to-use development environment useful exist open source implementation the appcoins protocol. these libraries will allow that new app store developer can join the appcoins protocol faster way, without having develop everything from scratch. this tools and source code will available github, the other appcoins' software tools. -may ("gosling release") "dev" version the appcoins integration aptoide (onchain) first implementation the appcoins protocol "client", this case aptoide app store. for this mvp, apk aptoide app store "dev version" (https://aptoide-dev.en.aptoide.com) will made available. this version aptoide (v._dev) will support two main financial flows: install advertised apps earning appcoins erc tokens in-app purchases with erc tokens. this version aptoide will not integrate the reputation system the development require that transactions exist build the reputation, which only happens after the first deployments. the aforementioned version will not include side-chain integration with state channel payments channel. consider that potential integration, soon the development roadmap, would force make wrong decisions, result the used technology (raiden, omisego) not yet ready according those projects' technical roadmaps. the transactions this aptoide version will directly the blockchain, which reasonable terms transaction fees and scalability since the user base will restricted testers the developers' version. -jun ("knuth release") "dev" version aptoide with side-chain payments channels this version will complement the may release with side-chain state channels, allowing scalability. the same time, will include the first support apps vetting using appcoins reputation system. -sep- ("ritchie release") production roll-out all aptoide clients (and other participant app stores). white paper appcoins months' time, and result the feedback the "dev" version and further developments done the team, "stable" version will released. this version will implement version "." (or later) the protocol. this version will include side-chain platform perform the core transactions state channels payment channels. depending the number developers that already had integrated appcoins, the token use can one option (together with other payment systems) could the only option. this version will benefit the large aptoide user base million unique users), providing diverse sample the available versions android versions and android devices. appcoins protocol vx. the protocol "live" document that under the asf foundation will receive contributions from the community, app stores and the research projects developed. business may key developers' engagement integrate appcoins sdk their apps games. the first effort will bring developers on-board. using the top developers aptoide network will leverage this effort. november tier oems (oppo, vivo, ...) engaged and pre-loading. aptoide shenzhen (south china) office will responsible for the kick off this task. opened september this office has people full-time and have strong network the shenzhen ecosystem. may appcoins protocol viral actions with users peer-to-peer actions. explained the section this will replicate some the already tested digital marketing viral initiatives. coming after the engaging developers and oems, this phase the users will find thriving app store ecosystem. token allocation, crowdsale and bootstrap token allocation order fund and boost the appcoins roadmap, initial coin offering (ico) will conducted. the details for the ico are presented table and will follow the roadmap presented the previous section. white paper appcoins table ico details total number tokens tokens available million million (%) nominal price appc eth emission rate further tokens will created token pre-sales token sales soft cap hard cap token format currency accepted all tokens uncapped, fixed price first come, first served discount: only for ecosystem players all tokens uncapped, fixed price open the public us$.m eth us$.m erc- standard eth the pre-sale and public sale will distribute the total number appcoin tokens. the remaining tokens will distributed follows: app store foundation support the foundation inception, vision and goals; bootstrap initiatives (developers, oems, users) support and speed the adoption appcoins; key contributors for the influential blockchain key elements and contributors the ico idea development; aptoide for the initial support and contribution the community. figure depicts the appcoins' tokens allocation previously described. figure token allocation (%) this calculation was done november rd, :am utc having price eth usd. white paper appcoins all the appcoin tokens, except those used speed the adoption and the ones reserved for the asf, will attributed when the crowdsale process ends, token distribution event (more details www.appcoins.io). the tokens reserved for the asf, the total amount, will used for its inception and the remaining ones attributed when the asf takes control over the protocol and reference implementation. the tokens that will used speed the adoption appcoins, the total amount, will distributed developers, oems and users shown figure figure bootstrap token distribution this particular distribution the tokens due the fact that developers, users, and oems are key players the app economy and their engagement key factor for the success appcoins. specifically: developers: have adopt appcoins the model app advertising and the method payment for iap. therefore, developers are critical players for the adoption appcoins. appcoin tokens will distributed key developers (who have apps with large user base) order foster their swift understanding the benefits that the system brings them and speed their adoption. these players will incentivised from the beginning the project given that they have provide means for the users able use appcoins their apps. oems: the device manufacturers have the power considerably influence the app economy, given that they select which app stores include default the mobile devices. therefore, share appcoin tokens will delivered these players incentivise them integrate app stores that adopt the appcoins model. the rollout with oems scheduled for the month onwards, when mvp available and critical mass developers onboard. users: along with developers, users are the key target audience appcoins, for whom the envisioned ecosystem brings improved trust and accessibility the app economy (the availability appcoins spend the economy adds the value and the payment method). the allocation tokens users will used speed their adoption. white paper appcoins the strategies bootstrapping for each these players are presented the bootstrap tokens not used when the asf takes control over the protocol and reference implementation will assigned order assure the continuity and stability the strategies foster appcoins adoption. ico funds distribution the funds received from the appcoins crowdsale will applied in: (a) development the solution; (b) marketing towards its dissemination and adoption; (c) strategy and operation; and (d) legal costs. figure depicts the funds distribution. figure ico funds distribution development (%) the technical development paramount for appcoins' success, which why the majority the fund allocation will into this effort. aptoide's engineering team, with its wide experience architecture and development app stores' solutions (including payments and advertising), will form the basis for this team, which will enriched with the hiring blockchain specialists. marketing (%) the marketing costs include those for the initial promotion appcoins developers, users, oems and app stores. these include marketing team that will drive worldwide dissemination effort, namely the multilingual website, community building, social network presence and relation efforts. strategy and operations (%) this includes costs for different teams, namely business development, administration and finance, strategy, and the whole cost for the operation the project (participation events, travel white paper appcoins and equipment). the business development team will responsible for approaching and maintaining contact with the target audiences appcoins. the administrative and finance teams will responsible for controlling and dispensing the funds accordingly the project needs and provide regular reports the management strategy team. the strategy team will formed key contributors the appcoins idea and technological and business managers, which will orchestrate the project teams towards appcoins vision and goals until the transfer the governance the afs completed. legal (%) the legal team will provide advice the aspects related the technical regulations, ipr, foundation creation and policies specific each local market. the resources released the ico will applied aptoide the development, marketing, strategy and operations, and legal efforts, bootstrap the appcoins platform. further description aptoide can found section bootstrap strategy the appcoins bootstrap strategy consists engaging with the ecosystem players speed their adoption. following are presented examples actions that comprise this strategy. developers appcoin tokens will attributed developers the bootstrap phase encourage them add their apps app stores powering appcoins. promote the developers' fast and wide adoption, appcoin tokens will attributed follows: for the first upload each app app store powering appcoins, the first conversions will not charged and the appcoins related the cpat will enter the economy the developer paid for the service. oems during the bootstrap phase, get oems on-board and have them including app stores powering appcoins, there will bonus attribution tokens follows: appcoins per device with app store powering appcoins. white paper appcoins for each devices deployed with appcoins app store default, bonus appcoins attributed. users users earn appcoins from triggered installs and from spending minutes their attention (watching for minutes) the installed apps. during the bootstrap phase, speed the adoption the system, tokens will also distributed the users follows: users receive appcoins the first install app store that powers appcoins. with each purchase appcoin tokens, users receive twice much the purchased appcoins. users receive appcoins after each referral friends install app store powering appcoins. the tokens are delivered after the registration the user invited who also receives appcoins). appcoins team the appcoins team comprises professionals experienced the areas engineering, management, operations and marketing that, together, encompass all the needs for delivering the appcoins project successfully. follows the presentation some elements the team. check the appcoins website for the rest the talent responsible for the appcoins protocol. paulo trezentos ceo founder paulo took his msc factorisation numbers using nfs and elliptic curves and phd solving dependencies software components installation. member the open source community for long time. was founder and maintainer linuxcm, linux distribution with more than users between and alvaro pinto coo founder alvaro serial entrepreneur who loves technology, innovative ideas and projects. former esop president, the portuguese association open source software companies, has been advocating, for more than years, the adoption open technologies and open standards private companies and the public sector. alvaro has degree law. white paper appcoins tiago alves asia pacific tiago has over years experience technology related roles. software engineering graduate from the university macao, with master degree mandarin and mba tech management from the university san francisco. ren tang product before joining aptoide build the new internet apps, ren spent over years the and germany incubating mobile games and apps top tech companies such goodgames, ea, and disney. carolina marcalo head partnerships luso-american with more than years experience business corporate strategy, leading partnerships aptoide for the last years. old association and member socius research center. carolina holds degree international economics, and economics from umass dartmouth. joao casal head r&d joao has years experience it, being the last research and applied r&d management multinational contexts. participated and led several r&d projects mobile computing areas, including mobile payments and mobile advertising. holds msc systems engineering and professional certification scrum. luis pinto marketing technologist luis marketing technologist, working projects the intersection marketing, technology and analytics. has experience social network analysis, deep learning and natural language processing technology solve marketing problems. diogo pires backend developer diogo has background robotics and experience deploying scalable solutions large-scale backend systems with new technologies. martin uzak backend developer martin led most his career software developer vienna, austria. has been developing python since joao castro head system administration joao former ibmer who built his career consultant the czech republic before moving lisbon. takes particular interest site reliability engineering and everything blockchain. white paper appcoins these professionals belong the aptoide company, which, due their knowledge each other, assures coherent and articulate processes. the team highly experienced the business and technological areas where the appcoins protocol will used. besides this team, appcoins also supported advisors who have broad and very relevant experience blockchain, cryptocurrencies, financial investment, app store's processes, and also successful recent ico's. among these renown advisors can found experience projects like bitcoin, ethereum, ripple, tenx, e.ventures, google play and kyber network. appcoins advisors are: white paper appcoins about aptoide founded aptoide the first decentralised and social android app store. with nearly million users, billion downloads and million apps, aptoide community-based platform that reinvents the app discovery experience through social environment, tailored recommendations and the opportunity for users and partners create and share their own personalised app stores. aptoide also provides white-label app store solutions for developers, oems, telcos and integrators, through which they can upload and distribute their android apps. different versions aptoide are available for mobile, and devices and accessible over languages. aptoide the most visited website worldwide, according similarweb. amongst its main partners are oem's like oppo and vivo, and app publishers such zeptolab and goodgame studios. currently has more than employees from different nationalities, has its lisbon and local offices shenzhen (china) and singapore. over the years the project has had funding from several sources: received seed funding from portugal ventures euros) and, has secured series financing round million euros lead e.ventures with co-investment from gobi partners (china) and golden gate ventures (singapore). aptoide has the perfect conditions for leading the development and dissemination appcoins the first months: open source culture: aptoide code open source (gpl v), the technology stack its infrastructure open source and spin-off research center/company that developed linux distribution with more than users (linux caixa magica); significant user base: million people used aptoide app store install least one app industry network and reach: with direct relationship with more than developers, and oems and telecom's, aptoide will use this network disseminate appcoins awareness and engagement; resources: the current team more than people spread among offices (lisbon, singapore and shenzhen) will reinforced with specific resources implement the protocol and libraries. white paper appcoins important notices the appcoins are not securities units collective investment scheme business trust, each defined under singapore's securities and futures act (cap. ("sfa"). accordingly, the sfa does not apply the offer and sale the appcoins. for the avoidance doubt, this initial offering appcoins need not accompanied any prospectus profile statement and prospectus profile statement needs lodged with the monetary authority singapore ("mas"). this crowdsale document does not constitute offer of, invitation purchase, the appcoins any jurisdiction which such offer sale would unlawful. regulatory authority singapore, including the mas, has reviewed approved disapproved the appcoins this crowdsale document. this crowdsale document and any part hereof may not distributed otherwise disseminated any jurisdiction where offering tokens the manner set out this crowdsale document regulated prohibited. the information this crowdsale document current only the date the cover hereof. for any time after the cover date this crowdsale document, the information, including information concerning aptoide's business operations and financial condition may have changed. neither the delivery this crowdsale document nor any sale made the related initial token offering shall, under any circumstances, constitute representation that such changes have occurred. aptoide does not make purport make, and hereby disclaims, any representation, warranty, undertaking, other assurance any form whatsoever any person, including any representations, warranties, undertakings, other assurances relation the truth, accuracy, completeness any part the information this crowdsale document. whether taken whole read part, this crowdsale document not, and should not regarded as, any form legal, financial, tax, other professional advice. you should seek independent professional advice before making your own decision whether not purchase any appcoins. you are responsible for any and all evaluations, assessments, and decisions you make relation investing the appcoins. you may request for additional information from aptoide relation this offer appcoins. aptoide may, but not obliged to, disclose such information depending whether (i) legal and (ii) the requested information reasonably necessary verify the information contained this crowdsale document. appcoins are intended for use within applications available the aptoide app store for purposes including purchasing in-application items and serving medium in-application advertising revenue, and aptoide warrants that the appcoins are fit for these purposes. however, aptoide not responsible for compelling any person accept appcoins and disclaims, the fullest extent permitted law, all liability for any adverse consequences arising out relation such rejections appcoins. upon purchasing any appcoins, you will deemed have reviewed this crowdsale document (and any information requested and obtained from aptoide) full and have agreed the terms this offering appcoins, including the fact that this offering does not fall within the scope any securities laws singapore and not regulated the mas. you further acknowledge and agree that the appcoins are not securities and are not meant generate any form investment return. the appcoins and related services provided aptoide (if any) are provided "as is" and "as available" basis. aptoide does not grant any warranties make any representation, express implied otherwise, the accessibility, quality, suitability, accuracy, adequacy, completeness the appcoins any related services provided aptoide, and expressly disclaims any liability for errors, delays, omissions in, for any action taken reliance on, the appcoins and related services provided aptoide. warranty, including the warranties non-infringement third party rights, title, merchantability, satisfactory quality, fitness for particular purpose, given conjunction with the appcoins and any related services provided aptoide. risk factors regulatory risks the regulation tokens such the appcoins still very nascent stage development singapore. high degree uncertainty how tokens and token-related activities are treated exists. the applicable legal and regulatory framework may change subsequent the date issuance this crowdsale document. such change may very rapid and not possible anticipate with any degree certainty the nature such regulatory evolution. aptoide does not any way represent that the regulatory status the appcoins will remain unaffected any regulatory changes that arise any point time before, during, and after this offering. regulatory supervision none aptoide its affiliates currently regulated subject the supervision any regulatory body singapore. particular, aptoide and its affiliates are not registered with mas singapore any type white paper appcoins regulated financial institution financial advisor and are not subject the standards imposed upon such persons under the securities and futures act, financial advisors act, and other related regulatory instruments. such persons are required comply with variety requirements and standards concerning disclosures, reporting, compliance, and conduct their operations for purposes maximising investor protections. since aptoide not subject such requirements standards, will make decisions those issues its own discretion. while aptoide will have regard best practices these issues, holders appcoins may not necessarily enjoy the same extent and degree investor protections would the case should they invest with regulated entities instead. fiduciary duties owed aptoide not regulated financial institution, does not owe investors appcoins any fiduciary duties. this means that aptoide has legal obligation always act good faith the best interests holders appcoins. while aptoide will have regard the interests holders appcoins, also permitted consider the interests other key stakeholders and prefer these interests over the interests appcoins holders. this may mean that aptoide permitted make decisions that conflict with the interests appcoins holders. not owing any fiduciary duties holders appcoins also means that holders appcoins may have limited rights recourse against aptoide and its affiliates the event disputes. tax risks the tax characterisation appcoins unclear. accordingly, the tax treatment which they will subject uncertain. all persons who wish purchase appcoins should seek independent tax advice prior deciding whether purchase any appcoins. aptoide does not make any representation whether any tax consequences may arise from purchasing holding appcoins. risks from third parties the tokenised nature appcoins means that they are blockchain-based asset. the security, transferability, storage, and accessibility blockchain assets depends factors outside aptoide's control, such the security, stability, and suitability the underlying blockchain (in this case, the ethereum blockchain), mining attacks, and who has access the private key wallet where appcoins are stored. aptoide unable assure that can prevent such external factors from having any direct indirect adverse impact any the appcoins. persons intending purchase appcoins should note that adverse events caused such external factors may results the loss some all appcoins purchased. such loss may irreversible. aptoide not responsible for taking steps retrieve appcoins lost this manner. risks purchasing appcoins aptoide cannot and does not guarantee otherwise assure that there are risks relation your purchase appcoins. the purchase appcoins may, depending the manner which the relevant purchase effected, involve third parties external platforms (e.g., wallets). the involvement such parties platforms may introduce risks that would not otherwise present, such misconduct fraud the third party, your failure receive appcoins upon duly making payment because third-party wallet's incompatibility with appcoins. aptoide not responsible for any risks arising due the involvement third parties, including the risk not receiving (or subsequently losing) any all appcoins you attempt (or successfully) purchase. white paper appcoins references press trust india, mobile app users india spend money in-app purchases," india today, jul-. austin, "mobile app developers are suffering," gallagher, "ad fraud estimates doubled," business insider, mar-. app annie, "app annie market forecast (-)," camarda, "china clamps down app stores bid curb malware," naked security sophos, wang, ng, zhou, dong, and ji, "the improvement the trustworthiness android app stores china," proc. asia-pacific softw. eng. conf. apsec, pp. tapcore, "alternative app stores: make money but watch your back for app piracy," tapcore blog, jahanshir, karimialavijeh, sheikh, vahedi, and momeni, "smartphones and medical applications the emergency department daily practice.," emerg. (tehran, iran), vol. no. cendrowski, "how china's smartphone 'big four' are fighting for global customers," fortune, jan. catalini and gans, "some simple economics the blockchain some simple economics the blockchain," mit sloan res. pap., vol. no. pp. roper, vahter, and love, "externalities openness innovation," res. policy, vol. no. pp. wilson, "the real difference between google and apple," co.design, statista, "global mobile market share sales end users from quarter quarter lewandowski, "designing the business models for circular economy--towards the conceptual framework," sustainability, vol. no. jan. ellen macarthur foundation, "what circular economy," [online]. available: https://www.ellenmacarthurfoundation.org/circular-economy. [accessed: -sep-]. ellen macarthur foundation, "towards circular economy: business rationale for accelerated transition," executive agency fos smes (easme), "rpi supporting the transition circular economy," may-. ellen macarthur foundation, "google case study demonstrates circular economy approach scale," -sep-. marketingland, "in-app purchases dwarf revenues, ios app store exceeds billion," [online]. available: https://marketingland.com/app-purchases-dominate-ads-app-store-lifetimerevenue-hits--billion-. [accessed: -sep-]. statista, "mobile app usage statistics facts," statista, "number apps available leading app stores march vincent, percent new smartphones run android ios," the verge, [online]. available: https://www.theverge.com/////android-ios-market-share-blackberry-. [accessed: -jun-]. statista, "worldwide mobile app revenues and bass, new product growth for model consumer durables," manage. sci., vol. no. pp. jan. sultan, farley, and lehmann, meta-analysis applications diffusion models," mark. res., vol. no. feb. statista, "number smartphone users worldwide from (in billions)," [online]. available: https://www.statista.com/statistics//number-of-smartphone-users-worldwide/. [accessed: -sep-]. chiong, chen, and yang, "incentivized advertising: treatment effect and adverse selection," sep. mobyaffiliates, "what the average cost per install for different types apps?," [online]. available: http://www.mobyaffiliates.com/blog/average-cost-per-install-apps/. [accessed: -sep]. statista, "average size in-app purchases per user per app worldwide may os," [online]. available: https://www.statista.com/statistics//average-size-of-in-app-purchases-peruser-per-app-worldwide-by-os/. [accessed: -sep-]. white paper appcoins