aragon network decentralized infrastructure for value exchange luis cuende luis@aragon.one jorge izquierdo jorge@aragon.one version april th, abstract the aragon network token-governed digital jurisdiction that focuses creating the best conditions for true global indiscriminatory economic growth. essentially, the aragon network ecosystem where organizations, entrepreneurs, and investors can efficiently and securely transact without risk technical bugs malicious parties. aragon network organizations will built using aragon core, solidity dao framework and web-based decentralized app (dapp). initially, aragon core will specialize capitalist companies but modular enough accommodate other types organizations. this paper first discusses the principles organization and the functions aragon core. next, aragon network's token model and network governance will explained. finally, defines the two principal services the aragon network should implement ensure its success; decentralized court solution and upgrade mechanism. the decentralized court solution will serve arbitrate human conflict beyond what can reasonably written smart contract. the upgrade mechanism for aragon core organizations will facilitate useful upgrades needed drive mainstream adoption non-technical users. aragon network https://aragon.network the aragon project built the progress made thousands individuals over the last decades. however, would like highlight the work some individuals that have been highly influential aragon: ralph merkle, one the inventors public key cryptography, merkle trees [], and extensive research, including research dao democracy which has influenced our thinking greatly. satoshi nakamoto, creator bitcoin []. vitalik buterin, creator ethereum [], inventor the concept dao and author multiple articles that have deeply influenced our vision. the whole ethereum community and developers, for the work the web and the fact that building dapps reality today. aragon network https://aragon.network early-access the present paper was given number individuals from the ethereum and the broader blockchain community. authors deeply thank and acknowledge the comments and criticisms that have made the design the aragon network and this whitepaper good is. any faults that remain are, course, the authors'. particular order: simon ruviere (curation mar- david wachsman (wachsman pr) kets and societal engineer, consensys) stefano bernardi (partner, mission manuel araoz (cto, zeppelin) and market) demian brener (ceo, zeppelin) zenel batagelj (cofound.it) fred ehrsam (cofounder, coinbase) jan isakovic (ceo, cofound.it) nick grossman (gm, union square federico ast (crowdjury) ventures) alex maslar (major edition and im- joel monegro (fat protocols author provements the whitepaper) and union square ventures) alvaro rojas jake brukhman (founder, coinfund) alberto elias ryan zurrer (gp, polychain capital) scott stevenson vincent eli (cto, stabl) gregory landua daniele levi (ceo, stampery) kevin chen jean amiouny (ceo, shakepay) alex felix roy breidi (cto, shakepay) brayton williams (partner, boostvc) herb stephens (democracy earth) santiago siri (democracy earth) joe urgo (ceo, sourcerers) philipp banhardt (associate, blueyard capital) nick tomaino (author, the control) aragon network https://aragon.network table contents introduction ..about aragon core ..current limitations aragon core organizations ..organization specs ..implementation ..modular software ..core summary dao architecture: kernel, organs and applications ..the minimum definition dao ..principles the dao ..kernel functions ..kernel basic components the aragon network ant, the aragon network token ..network kickoff and ant issuance ..a continuos token model ..network governance ..network adapatability ..further uses the token ..token technical features appendix decentralized arbitration system for the aragon network aragon network smart contract security and upgrade- ability strategy aragon network https://aragon.network introduction about aragon core aragon dapp that lets anyone create and manage any kind organization (companies, open source projects, ngos, foundations, hedge funds...) the ethereum blockchain. aragon implements basic features organization like cap table, token transfers, voting, role assignments, fundraising, and accounting. the behavior aragon organization easily customized changing the bylaws. addition, aragon organizations are extensible through third party modules that interact with the organizations' contracts. current limitations the properties the ethereum blockchain present unique opportunities for the creation and management decentralized organizations, including immutability records, transparency, and fast transactions. but order satisfy multiple requirements that human beings need order transact and create value, layer top needs created align the incentives everyone participating the system. when designing aragon core, multiple issues were addressed that would deter most people from creating, running, interacting with decentralized organization. these include: some those issues are: subjective breaches: smart contracts can encode most the possible breaches contract, but there always subjectivity human relationships. unbiased aragon network https://aragon.network arbitration system needed for cases where conflict not explicitly resolved the smart contract code. software bugs: the error always between the chair and the keyboard. code can contain bugs the software needs easily upgradeable, and sound bug bounty mechanism must exist incentivize potential attackers claim bounty, rather than attack. reward systems: monetization around certain protocols and systems unclear this point. some players will key making organization possible, simple reward mechanism needed. aragon network https://aragon.network aragon core organizations organization specs organization has multiple needs, the main ones being: identity: this the very first pillar since need establish each entity's identity before operating with them. ownership: shares are way reward founders, investors, advisors, partners and employees and can determine the ownership and direction the company. voting: the company's shareholders should able have word over its actions. will directly link this ownership. capital: since venture can risky and may need acquire certain goods order operate grow, capital the form investment/loans needed. people: the end, it's human beings who build the organizations. easy ways onboard them (identity) and reward (payroll) them are needed. outreach: company needs target their audience order for them buy the company's product. the internet era, having domain name enough. payment processor: organizations need paid. there needs exist way for them capture payments easily. accounting: order manage expenses, burn rate and make business decisions, there need maintain book-keeping. insurance: company usually risky and may need buy insurance case something unexpected goes wrong. some these create this dependency graph, which ends being circular: aragon network https://aragon.network identity: dependencies ownership: depends identity since you need make sure you're interacting with the right entity voting: depends ownership since ownership implies control capital: depends voting since implies issuing shares people: depends capital since you need hire people implementation dapp runner major advantage the ethereum development framework the multiple ways running dapps. when considering the default dapp runner for aragon, considered the pros and cons multiple options (see figure for considerations). figure dapp runner comparaison runner description pros cons metamask google chrome plugin that brings ethereum capabilities the chrome browser the user can confirm deny all unsigned transactions low friction easy install and still beta chrome only not full node, need mist parity setup trust their blockchain. dapp browser that asks the user for full ethereum node. permissions before interacting with 'official' ethereum the dapp dapp browser. hardware wallets compatible. full ethereum node. hardware wallets full node with dapp browser with chrome extension compatible native aragon app control entire user built with electron, native app that runs natively major desktop platforms. aragon network experience: introduce new users ethereum use the app. takes long sync high friction (more than hour from install using dapp) high friction (around hour from install using dapp) tons reimplemented functionality. friction: requires downloading app. https://aragon.network even though aragon core currently runs all the above configurations pure dapp, have ultimately implemented the native aragon app with electron wrapper for its intuitive installation and familiar user interface, and injected metamask because provides the greatest control the user experience. will pushing the default aragon experience, and think will friendly for people who have never heard ethereum introduced and managing aragon core organization less than minutes. figure native aragon app alpha release. identity when issuing new tokens paying employee, the organization needs know that the assets are sent the correct person. address this requirement, we're initially inaragon network https://aragon.network tegrating keybase assign identities cryptographic entities. are currently investigating other identity providers integrate with aragon, including uport. have published our thinking managing identity dapps the aragon blog []. permissions identity drives permissions. example some permissions could be: shareholder: has the right receive dividends, when emitted, and transfer the shares another party doesn't above threshold set the voting power. executive: has more permissions, can some tasks without needing approval voting. however, decentralized trustless (or trust-reduced) organizations can allow for much more flexible relationships different individuals with the organization. aragon organizations have customizable bylaws that allow for fine-grain customization into who can perform action (ie, executive can add employee the payroll) what needs happen (ie, voting needs approved issue tokens) before the action allowed. reputation reputation very valuable free markets. want every interaction rated wanted. this enables organizations value the work contractor, for example, and the contractor value the company. since have all the relationship audit trail place, can easily trace the interactions order for the reviews really authentic. this will fully anonymous, wanted. aragon network https://aragon.network onboarding when opening the app, you should able create ethereum account and safely back up. afterwards, you should either: input the address the company you want interact with deploy new company contract, which case the dapp will automatically point itself the contract's address the onboarding process should feel familiar anyone, not only the cryptocurrencies enthusiasts. that's why should that easy. ownership ownership aragon core organization transparent and transferable. each stakeholder's holdings are public, and stakeholder has the right transfer ownership another party. there are four transparent functions ownership built into aragon core. these are: list all stakeholders (and their holdings) issue shares, arbitrarily with parameters sell transfer tokens issue new tokens the organization can issue tokens with limited transferability according vesting calendar different criteria. important note that all tokens issued will compliant with the erc token standard. this means that stakeholders' addresses can linked name tag, fetched secure identity provider. aragon network https://aragon.network capital startup organizations need able quickly raise capital. for traditional startup, this would mean riding the unicorn rollercoaster, crowdfunding through third party (e.g. kickstarter), applying for business loan, bothering friends, relatives, and connections for investments. aragon core organizations can easily issue new shares exchange for capital without operating with third party, both through direct sales and public offerings. aragon core organizations can issue shares directly another party when the party sends the negotiated amount currency. organization wants raise capital publicly, aragon core organizations can publish share offers the marketplace. investors can then directly contact negotiate invest hard limit number shares. rewards hiring and paying employees unnecessarily complicated. aragon core simplifies the process. aragon core organizations will able put people their payroll and issue them tokens under specific parameters, including time and/or task-based performance. the user interface will let the user choose the amount pay, the frequency, the shares reward, and the parameters. make the process more efficient, rewards can any ethereum based token (using decentralized exchanges like the ones powered the protocol []) any cryptocurrency with solutions like cosmos polkadot that enable inter-blockchain currency exchange. fiat preferred, there will also option generate prefilled credit cards with fiat from the company's funds. solution like shake, which has api generate instant and anonymous visa cards, can directly integrated with aragon core. aragon network https://aragon.network payment processor for incoming payments, clients will able buy crypto currencies that then can converted the entrepreneurs' currency choice using services like shapeshift. after the user has acquired the crypto currency, the user will proceed the payment. but for them, will single step and everything will transparently handled the background. foresee this being the most common flow the beginning, instead users creating their wallets right away. will integrate with cryptocurrency exchanges and providers order provide smooth user experience, similar stripe's. accounting accounting fully built in, and will eventually provide connections third party visualization services, order not reinvent the wheel. modular software aragon core all the required pieces run organization with the minimum principles for organization (see previous section for principle definitions) the ethereum network. however, organizations have unique needs that may not available the out-of-the-box aragon core software. address this issue, we've built aragon core modular system that allows for additional functionality developed top (see section for technical details). also envision developers using aragon core the foundation for use cases not related creating and running organization. potential use cases for aragon core that we've envisioned include: aragon network https://aragon.network political election voting module small prediction marketplace could check elected officials stick campaign promises and reward those who voted for them contractor payment module pay contractors they work for your project achieve milestones accounting module accounting module with advanced data visualization (beyond offered aragon core) importantly, all modules can coded using standard web technologies. this lets the developer use the tool they like, while keeping strong sandboxing and security place. aragon core summary aragon core where custom logic for organizational behavior lives. summary, the main components the aragon core application layer are: bylaws that define user permissions, i.e. who can perform action, governance system make decisions, capital system for issuing and controlling tokens, and accounting system manage funds. each these components work together meet the principles efficient and fair organization decentralized way. addition, the modular nature the system enables aragon core organizations customize the software meet their unique needs, retrofit aragon core fit another application (like voting for political election). aragon core will implement module system further functionality could built top. aragon network https://aragon.network dao architecture: kernel, organs and applications the following sections discuss the minimum definition decentralized autonomous organization (dao) [], the principles the dao adopted aragon core and the aragon network, and the structure and function the dao kernel. the minimum definition dao believe dao should defined its minimum expression. this defined organization that only possesses the capability successfully update itself [], without losing its eternal identity. principles the dao before defining the different components this kernel for the dao has, let's define what are the basic principles the dao that want accomplish. she is. need recognize the eternal existance the dao entity that exists the world. dao will exist until herself decides cease existing. that point will gone forever. dao able self-update her most basic components and continue being recognized the same entity. she owns. dao has internal capital and therefore owns property, principally the form digital assets (cryptocurrency, tokens, digital property such domain names, ip...) she acts. she can take action towards the outside world towards herself. her software executes computer code the form smart contracts. she governed. besides its previously programmed actions, outside human machine action will able trigger certain dao actions. aragon network https://aragon.network kernel functions core function the kernel act registry that defines the organs and their respective priority levels. it's important note that each organ has unique priority level. thus, new organ set priority level that already exists, will replace the original organ. the kernel also responsible for accepting different types entry point transactions and dispatching them the organs using standard api. the current entry-points supported the kernel are: standard transfers, value transfer ether: vanilla ethereum transactions that may have value attached them. pre-authorized transfers, value transfer ether: the kernel supports previously signed calls the dao certain sender. the sender can pre-sign certain transaction payload and provide the signature (r, values) the party that will execute the transaction their behalf. this could another contract part the mechanism implement state channels. token transactions, consider tokens equally good value holding assets ether, and believe that the application level they should powerful ether. the kernel will accept token transfers (with data and therefore function execution) for all the standard methods. implementations for the erc token receiver interface and the approveandcall workflow from consensys humanstandardtoken are ready. note that when the value transfer ether, the kernel will tokenize the ether standard token. this allows the dao interact with any tokenized asset while only implementing the sensitive logic once instead implementing ether and tokens separately. aragon network https://aragon.network finally, the kernel functions gatekeeper for new transaction requests. when the kernel receives request, asks the priority organ whether the requested transaction allowed that entity. allowed, the kernel redirects the transaction the priority organ (i.e. the dispatch organ). not allowed, the transaction fails and terminates. kernel basic components the dispatch organ she acts the dispatch organ determines the requested transaction allowed performed the requestor. contains the logic asks oracle upper level the stack for the logic. discussed the previous section, the kernel asks for permission before performing any transactions. the transaction not permitted, the transaction fails. permitted, the dispatch organ triages the request the capable organ. determines the organ execute the transaction checking each organ, including itself, order priority. the transaction will executed the first organ with the capability execute the transaction. the meta organs she the meta organ self-upgrades the dao and controls self-destruction. responsible for updating both the root dao reference the kernel and the kernel organ registry. the vault organ she owns the vault organ secures the funds and properties that the dao owns (token assets) and controls the ability spend them. the token organ she governed the token organ keeps track dao governance tokens. addition, the token organ controls the logic for adding, replacing and removing tokens. aragon network https://aragon.network the application organ she acts the application layer for the dao organ itself. importantly, applications ran this organ will have very little access other organs for kernel and organ security (i.e. sandboxing). here the application layer where most the logic for the organization will live. different applications (in the form ethereum contracts) will installed providing the dao with extra functionality. will create module application 'store' organizations can easily install re-usable components their organizations. aragon network https://aragon.network the aragon network the aragon network (an) will the first decentralized autonomous organization whose goal act digital jurisdiction that makes extremely easy and friendly for organizations, entrepreneurs and investors operate. the aragon network will bootstrapped with very thin constitution voted its governance. new laws can added and they can amended the governance the an. also very important role the core aragon network contracts will ensure membership organizations the network and check that they are following the stablished rules. the network will operate accumulating capital the form fees the operation the organizations transacting the network. this fees will contribute the network internal capital, that the network governance will freely allocate. the main destination these funds will probably service providers the network, that will necessary for the network operations. these main services are: development the aragon core contracts that allows running decentralized organizations. decentralized court (appendix a), with the possibility freezing organizations. contract upgradeability service for all aragon core contracts (appendix b), with built-in bug bounty mechanism. aragon network https://aragon.network can say that the aragon network will provide everything organization needs thrive. looking for real-world metaphor, the best one would what delaware today for companies, investors and entrepreneurs. the aragon network the far more efficient digital delaware that lives the blockchain. aragon network https://aragon.network the aragon network token, ant the same way currency represents wealth macroeconomic way, ant represents the wealth the decentralized aragon-enabled economy. network kickoff and ant issuance kickstart the network, uncapped number ant will sold based predetermined price function that increases over time. the funds raised from the initial sale will transferred the aragon foundation fund development aragon core and the aragon network (figure some time after the sale ends, community members multisig will deploy the aragon network once they consider implements its stated mission and secure so. this moment the network will initiate and governance decisions will begin made ant token holders. (figure figure aragon network deployment mechanism aragon network https://aragon.network figure the aragon token sale mechanism aragon network https://aragon.network continuous token model ant will continue minted the network following the initial sale and network deployment. minting new tokens will have cost, and percentage the fees (decided governance) paid organizations join the network will fund the minting new tokens. this creates incentive for aragon organizations pay fees, organizations that contribute more will receive more ant. this means that the organization will more influential network decisions. the cost mint new tokens will determined ant token holders. this will likely contentious decision, and one where the basic economic principles supply and demand need considered. for example, consider the scenario where the cost minting tokens too low. more and more tokens will added the supply, until supply greatly outweighs demand. this recipe for inflation and the value individual ant tokens will fall. ultimately, believe that token holders will eventually decide healthy equilibrium for inflation. weighing the opinion every stakeholder, the market will accurately reflect the optimal minting cost. network governance initially, the aragon network will liquid democracy (alternatives, such futarchy [], are being considered and are actively following done this are) that makes token issuing, fund allocation, and network rules decisions. see figure for more details about sample decisions made ant token holders. this means that when the network deployed governance decisions will made ant holders with system proposal and votings. this mechanism will allow for creating proposals that result the mechanism being upgraded. aragon network https://aragon.network figure aragon network governance decisions sample ant issuance fund allocation network rules set token minting cost: price for generating new ant. allocate funds one-time reward append bylaws initial constitution set tax percentage for revenue any asset (eth token) allocate funds repeating reward service provider remove bylaws set tax percentage for revenue ant (potentially lower incentivize ant use) allocate funds global reward all token holders remove from network freeze organizations that don't abide. network adaptability the aragon network will provide series basic services that are needed make decentralized organizations widespread. however, our intent that will remain global and open possible. while the aragon network has some basic constitution and governance methods, everyone will able create another network inside the aragon network with more specific set laws. for example, you could create organization, join the aragon network, and vote for new set laws specific your organization. effectively, organizations will able use the aragon network's services basic constitution and services framework, and build custom set rules govern relationships inside organizations. further uses the token the ant token will the native token for all the network services that require token, either for governance other functionalities. for example the case the court, holders will able use their tokens help arbitration and get rewarded. aragon network https://aragon.network token technical features ant will erc compatible with some extra features top such clone-ability and vesting calendars built-in. summary the solves the core issues that may arise when running fully decentralized organization, providing services that work much better large scale and make aragon organizations more efficient. provides way for the network pay for its public goods. figure the aragon network flow aragon network https://aragon.network appendix: network services are defined the two fundamental network services the will hire. these may may not developed aragon dev. the following are not protocol specs but brief definition our research the matter and the features that the would need from them. appendix decentralized arbitration system for the aragon network driving factors when transacting the market, trust breaches may emerge and cause disputes between stakeholders. thanks the trustless nature smart contracts, lot that problem surface disappears, since terms can previously established and part can trick them afterwards. but there are terms that are impossible describe with code, and therefore disputes will emerge because them. let's think about these two examples: investor invests into organization and receives some voting power. the organization founder then goes rogue and sends all investment money his personal account. this was aragon organization, the investor just had make sure that transactions above certain threshold have approved majority voting. founder hires new sysadmin saas organization. the employee then has access their very valuable user database, and can steal and use for his own benefit. the code running ethereum doesn't really have any way know what happened, therefore aragon organizations are vulnerable this human breach trust. aragon network https://aragon.network believe there should opt-in system for participants that want cover themselves against these kinds human behavior. the traditional solution this are government-powered jurisdictions. since aragon organizations are location and government-agnostic they are meant run the ethereum network came out with better solution. decentralized, liquid, forkable jurisdiction aragon network jurisdiction (anj) defines set contracts that: provide arbitration for any given dispute between two parties. allow ant holders vote certain basic rules that the arbitrators will take account. entities entities (such organizations employees) can participate the network giving the entire control their contracts the anj contract. entities that interact between each other, for example organization and employee, will able state more details (than the ones already the contract) their desired relationship any cryptographic way, for example timestamping common document than then signed both parties. ant functionality the anj voting power for multiple decisions and purposes, such set general basic rules and replacing judges the supreme court. ability make bonds order open arbitration. aragon network https://aragon.network judges entities that want arbitrators can post bond order participate judges. arbitration mechanism order open arbitration, the applicant should post bond. this bond will given back the case resolved their favor, and will taken not. the arbitration petition can also freezing, which means that will immediately freeze the defendant's contracts (eg. case attacker exploiting bug). only applicants that are among the defendant's organization shareholders will allowed for this petition. (figure for human verdicts, the decisions the judges are submitted using two-step reveal their decision for keeping private for the whole decision making and not allowing the verdicts other judges influence their decision. this scheme used the auctions for ethereum name service domain name registry. works follows: after deciding the verdict, the judge will generate secret random number and submit the hash and their decision the court, while keeping the secret private. when the period for submitting verdicts over, judges must reveal what their verdict was providing their secret number. then every one can check the validity their verdict. failure reveal the secret results big penalization the judge bond. for preventing judge collusion, anyone provides the secret number verdict for judge (proving that made public), the judge will penalized and part the judge bond will the entity that reveal the secret. human judges when arbitration started: aragon network https://aragon.network sample judges that posted bond will chosen randomly from the network. one them refuses participate sightly penalized and another one chosen. these judges look the anj's basic rules, then organization-specific rules (if any) and then any other materials sent them encrypted the parties. they post bet plus secret. when the arbitration due, they reveal their secrets. the bond given back/rewarded the judges, plus measures take place penalize the losing party. the judges that voted the right answer are rewarded with non-transferable token called reputation, and the others are extremely penalized. prediction marketplace the applicant not satisfied with the human judges resolution, they can request upgrade (by posting significantly larger bond) the next level, which prediction marketplace which all the network judges can participate. for this, can use projects like augur gnosis. when arbitration started: these judges look the anj basic rules, then organization-specific rules (if any) and then any other materials posted the network. they post bet plus secret. when the arbitration due, they reveal their secrets. the bond given back/rewarded the judges, plus measures take place penalize the losing party. the result different that the one voted the human judges the previous step, all judges that voted the incorrect answer are extremely penalized. aragon network https://aragon.network supreme court the applicant not satisfied with the two previous steps, they can request upgrade (by posting significantly larger bond) the ultimate level, which court composed the top judges anj payout. when arbitration started: these judges look the anj basic rules, then organization-specific rules (if any) and then any other materials posted the network. they post bet plus secret. when the arbitration due, they reveal their secrets. the bond given back/rewarded the network, plus measures take place penalize the losing party. the result different that the one voted the human judges the previous step, all judges that voted the incorrect answer are extremely penalized. these judges are paid salary determined the token holders and paid the anf. (figure incentives design looking the way the system designed, one can argue that judges and the whole network asked will economically incentivized dismiss the applicants request for arbitration and take her bond money split among them. this makes the applicant know that chances are, her case not clear enough will dismissed. but the judges also know, that they lie and dismiss cases just for their personal gain and the case unanimously over ruled, their tokens/bonds will burnt. aragon network https://aragon.network the system designed incentivize less arbitration possible and more safeguard for honest parties case they are taken advantage of. summary anj provides the tools needed solve all the subjectability humans relationships bring the table. sets the incentives right for aragon organizations part it, since: parties that want interact with the given organization will want certain guarantees case there's breach trust not covered the contracts. some bugs could stopped opening arbitration that could freeze all activity until the case resolved. anj's voting processes are fully liquid, but any case between some stakeholders and the rest, could potentially forked. this creates incentives for their governance model work. however, believe anj creates notable network effects because: interacting with other party will likely require them signed too, since otherwise opens surface for breaches trust. it's extended, then all parties (including investors) are familiar with its basic rules. aragon network https://aragon.network figure arbitration flow figure anj incentives aragon network https://aragon.network appendix aragon network smart contract security and upgradeability strategy the great thing and the same time problem with smart contracts that once you create them, they will exist the blockchain and execute whatever code the developer wrote, which not always reproduces the exact intention the creator the contract. the most important example this the dao hack, where unexpected combination actions, resulted the contract sending tons its money the hacker. this case, hard fork was done the protocol level prevent the leak funds. aragon are creating the software needed create and run daos, but scalable and easy way people that have never heard ethereum can run their organizations using it. need build system where people unfamiliar with the matter will able run their organizations with the certainty that they will always running the latest version the software and that they are secure possible from attacks. this service will available all the participant organizations the aragon network, but organizations can decide what degree they rely it, from total upgrade control (no code modified organization don't approve it) control all (keep safe, don't want know anything), middle ground (don't normally upgrade me, but there severe security threat automatically). this still work progress, but important addition the network want see thousands secure daos emerge. aragon network https://aragon.network components described below are different components currently have planned for ensuring the integrity the network and individual organizations. proxy libraries for upgradeable smart contracts the current way deploying (serious) smart contract systems usually relies performing sound security audit the contract, uploading the network and hope for the best. since code immutable law default, it's not possible roll out upgrades that may fix bugs better map the programmer's original intention. maybe not fault the programmer the smart contract, the consensus algorithm the protocol changed and the contract becomes vulnerable new attack vector. this problem when system not upgradeable and think that the contract that was written today will good forever. this might true for simple systems, but not for daos networks complex aragon. have been doing research solve this problem for months and our current solution try encapsulate much the system business logic solidity libraries. doing library driven development [j. izquierdo, and then instead linking this business logic forever the contract, having proxy dispatcher [m. araoz, contracts that will know what version the library each organization linked with. are working with the best smart contract security firm zeppelin create this system proxies that dispatches the upgraded versions libraries and recently published about it. aragon network https://aragon.network these techniques will allow for very thin organization contracts that just have storage and then redirect all the logic these libraries that all organization uses. the case bug found, the new version the library deployed and every organization the network upgraded depending their settings: automatic upgrade. notification upgrade, but requires approval. nothing all, organization decides not use upgradeability and handle themselves. network wide bug bounties the side effect having the same contract run multiple organizations that becomes target for hacking. more positive note, there are also stakeholders incentivized allocate resources ensure this hacking doesn't happen. the network will create bug bounty program for all the contracts organizations rely and the network contracts. history shows that when people are economically incentivized good, most people finding bug will report the program and get the bounty, rather than looking for ways harm more people. are experiencing with the idea making the bug bounty pretty automatic, having test suite for organization contracts chain, and someone capable breaking the tests, automatically pay them out depending the severity. the upgradeabilty mechanism the network fits very well with the bug bounty program, because the moment vulnerability found, the time that passes until solved for everyone the upgrade track minimized. aragon network https://aragon.network global safe stop case severe bug attack detected, the aragon network will able stop all organization contracts (every organization that opted for this) and perform investigation and code upgrade before restoring the service. will developing bot that will look all public transactions coming aragon organizations and case detects weird behavior unexpected state that might threat, will page someone from the aragon project. case the bot determines the threat big enough and action must immediate, could stop all organizations while the person charge looks the situation. this means that less than seconds attack could stopped for all organizations, and fixed immediately with the upgrade mechanism. case false positive, the person paged would restart activity for every one and the downtime shouldn't greater than minutes. anj action against bad actors organization defined the aragon network jurisdiction document, all organizations the network agree bound the anj decentralized court. this protects individual organization stakeholders from the pure objectivity smart contracts, that makes very difficult and unproductive encode certain things. once case created, the court will able change undo actions the organization contract. this only protective measure for stakeholders. placing big enough bond, shareholder organization can submit case the anj and preventive measure freeze the organization. the court decides the case wasn't legit, this person would lose their bond the court (and part the organization). aragon network https://aragon.network tradeoffs with most good things life, security comes with tradeoffs. can imagine triangle very similar zooko's triangle (figure applied building decentralized apps, with security, decentralization and ease use its edges. prioritizing lot one, will certainly come the expense the other too. figure zooko's triangle find all three very important, but very difficult have perfect system the three fronts. our vision with this create system where every user organization can choose what compromises they are comfortable making. security security mean the capacity solve bugs threats timely manner. decentralization the problem with the upgrade mechanism that the end trusted party the one charge performing the software upgrades, which very centralizing factor. the aragon network https://aragon.network network may choose add voting scheme, order for the upgrades roll out only they have been correctly peer reviewed. that's why our upgrading mechanism opt-in, there will people who will decide not have much security and the ones that accept software update for their organization. ease use the case which you optimize security and decentralization, certainly undermines ease use someone needs understand the code aragon upgrade the organization, which huge barrier. summary with the methods outlined this document, the aragon network can ensure: future bug fixes and enhancements can added the contracts. critical vulnerabilities' impact can minimized thanks the bug bounty program, the global safe stop and the anj actions. aragon network https://aragon.network references: ralph merkle, digital signature based conventional encryption function" https://people.eecs.berkeley.edu/~raluca/cs-f/readings/merkle.pdf nakamoto, "bitcoin: peer-to-peer electronic cash system" https://bitcoin.org/bitcoin.pdf buterin, "ethereum: next-generation smart contract and decentralized application platform" https://github.com/ethereum/wiki/wiki/white-paper izquierdo, "how aragon approaches identity and the ethereum keybase resolver" https://blog.aragon.one/how-aragon-approaches-identity-and-the-ethereum-keybase-resolver-dea vogelsteller, "erc token standard" https://github.com/ethereum/eips/ issues/ warren, bandeali, "x: open protocol for decentralized exchange the ethereum blockchain" https://www.xproject.com/whitepaper/x_white_paper.pdf buterin, "daos, dacs, das and more: incomplete terminology guide" https://blog.ethereum.org////daos-dacs-das-and-more-an-incomplete-terminology-guide/ ralph merkle, "daos, democracy and governance". cryonics magazine, july- august, vol alcor. http://merkle.com/papers/daodemocracydraft.pdf dexaran, "erc token standard" https://github.com/ethereum/eips/issues/ consensys, "humanstandardtoken" https://github.com/consensys/tokens/ blob/master/token_contracts/contracts/humanstandardtoken.sol liquid democracy: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/delegative_democracy hanson, "futarchy: vote values, but bet beliefs" http://hanson.gmu.edu/ futarchy.html aragon network https://aragon.network