araw the decentralised payment for e-commerce ecosystem business paper: version project status created by: araw ltd. powered by: ethereum the araw platform has been under development for more than years. our mobile apps have been live the apple appstore and google playstore since may the current platform has been implemented using virtual tokens without blockchain and has been integrated with paypal and stripe payment gateways. have developed minimum viable product live demo the upcoming araw e-commerce platform and the araw cryptocurrency payment solution. are raising funds for the development and the expansion the existing platform the ethereum blockchain, taking the next level e-commerce payment industry, and providing cryptocurrency payments through araw payment gateway and touch pay card. table contents abstract executive summary diversified channels increase the adoption the araw platform the existing araw platform market overview market opportunity the araw token: heart the decentralised payment ecosystem the araw token ecosystem araw pay e-commerce marketplace araw card touch pay open api platform banking system integration araw mobile wallet cryptocurrency exchanges integration ethereum blockchain proof delivery service peer-to-peer unified reward system roadmap araw token economy benefits investors token generation event token distribution token sale funds allocation team closure statement rewarding shopping abstract this paper describes revolutionary combination the ethereum blockchain technology and e-commerce payment ecosystem. the araw token and its unique infrastructure offers e-commerce and service-providing companies standardise reward programmes well expose the regular people the cryptocurrency economy. our solution completely transparent and strives make cryptocurrency accessible the regular people. from the customer perspective, there will habitual change for example, one our offerings include the araw touch pay card used tandem with everyday micropayments. the main goal the araw token build the decentralised payment ecosystem for e-commerce increase the blockchain adoption for regular people across the world. the araw token ecosystem offers unified reward system which any service-providing entities can partake in. this allows virtually any company further incentive consumption their service they provide real value via token distribution and expand their previously limited market loyalty-reward consumers the next level. the paper focuses cutting-edge technologies that support the e-commerce payment ecosystem including 'araw pay for online payments', 'open api platform', 'araw touch pay card', 'unified reward system', 'peer-to-peer transfer', 'araw mobile wallet', and 'cryptocurrency exchanges integration'. rewarding shopping executive summary today's e-commerce industry growing rapid pace and global retail e-commerce sales are expected reach trillion for most commercial businesses, cryptocurrency becoming preferred mode transaction highlighted its current cap hundreds billions and expected rise trillions. according research, most the finance and banking industry expected move the blockchain and hence adoption rate blockchain across all industries will increase the coming years. introducing the araw token, the heart the decentralised payment ecosystem powered the ethereum blockchain, are aiming increase blockchain adoption for regular people across the world. are the first company the whose mission combine the benefits the e-commerce and payment industries; provide end-toend solutions for e-commerce marketplace, touch pay cryptocurrency card, online cryptocurrency payment, and unified reward system the ethereum blockchain powered the araw token. the goal the araw token part everyone's day-to-day online in-store shopping. the araw platform addresses fundamental problems the e-commerce and cryptocurrency economies. firstly, retailers online and offline offer restrictive reward systems bundled with their services they are often little value the consumer given their limited nature. reward systems commerce whole are underutilised due the lack technological investment. coincidentally, many companies find difficult provide attractive reward schemes they risk undervaluing their services. the 'unified reward system' allows service providers become araw token distributor, allowing them control the format their reward plans. the araw token now acts more than simple reward point utilised and redeemable across all araw's ecosystem participants. additionally, owners araw are able convert their tokens into fiat currencies via araw mobile wallet take cashback their associated bank account. secondly, the complex barrier entry into the cryptocurrency market limits the are the first company the whose mission combine the benefits the e-commerce and payment industries rewarding shopping the goal the araw token part everyone's day-to-day online in-store shopping without them changing their shopping pattern understanding the underlying complexity technology. potential value the crypto market whole. the technologies surrounding araw are strategically built for the platform support 'unified reward system' ensuring ease adoption and maximising consumer outreach. while the 'unified reward system' makes possible standardise reward tokens across industries, the araw token will also allow regular customers have stake the rapidly expanding cryptocurrency world benefiting all parties involved. the key factors include the ease adoption for the customer reward schemes are already common. while the needs enterprise entity are met with araw's technological offerings discussed detail the paper. challenges approach araw pay accept online payments with click button design and implement araw pay online widget that can plug and play any websites araw touch pay card enabling instore micropayments easily redeemable rewards and rapid cash will encourage customers use araw card for all their shopping needs. transparent ecosystem increase adoption rate increase the araw token adoption merchants unified reward system enabled e-commerce ecosystem intuitive user interfaces making feel like second nature thus user not notice the advance technology that power purchases and rewards system. targeted and specialist resource dedicated merchant on-boarding and support ensure every client campaign success. objectives provide end-to-end solutions for e-commerce marketplace, touch pay cryptocurrency card, online cryptocurrency payment, and unified reward system powered the ethereum blockchain regulated the araw token create consumers driven floating ecosystem create transparent ecosystem that can used regular customers across the world; and hence, increase the adoption rate the araw token, the blockchain based cryptocurrency specific campaign management assistance help clients maximise adoption rates. rewarding shopping market state e-commerce and commercial reward schemes are experiencing massive growth the global sales via e-commerce was trillion dollars expected double and the number online shoppers also expected increase from billion billion result, e-commerce platforms and existing reward schemes are highly saturated every individual shop offers their own exclusive points system. additionally, customer acquisition serious problem given the difficulty for service providers distinguish themselves from the competition. e-commerce also severely lags behind other industries cryptocurrency adoption. similarly, the cryptocurrency market growing rapidly. this growth impeded fundamental issues: lack reliable, international exchange which allows individuals convert tokens into fiat currency. practical use for cryptocurrency day-to-day activities over-regulation insufficient regulation different countries across the globe which both hurts user adoption and leads different fraud schemes that damage reputation credible projects requirement for specialised blockchain developers reduction token value due transaction fees barrier entry the araw token solution the araw platform offers practical solution the problems outlined above well the potential become the practical heart e-commerce and cryptocurrency combined. strives reward shopping with cryptocurrency exposing the common person the araw token. the key focus araw giving effortless access cryptocurrency ownership which comes with potential rise value without dealing with any the underlying complexities which make cryptocurrency unattractive. the unified reward system seeks transform the poorly utilised loyalty industry fusing the shopping reward potential all retails together regardless the product focusing rewarding the individual with cryptocurrency market access well form investment. with our technical offering, seek support individual sellers well enterprise vendors. the araw token can adopted any location this global decentralised potential represents virtually limitless growth the token. this adoption will seamless seek penetrate e-commerce platforms well regular retail shops, without introducing any habitual change from the user perspective. rewarding shopping araw touch pay card our single card solution for all reward programmes shopper may interested the first its kind the uk. allows customers earn araw tokens with their daily purchases well pay using accumulated araw tokens. this ensures that average customer can easily adopt the use the card due its similarity with existing technologies but now empowered with araw tokens which hold intrinsic enabling micropayment mobile ara wallet ara attract more merchants globaly providing plug play website widget online payments with click button open platfo api peer peer transfer, cashback exchange ifie car uch araw token reward between multibranded merchants value and never expire. this offering allows the araw token have practical daily use which cryptocurrency has been struggling fulfill token value was previously disconnected from its contextual use until now. the value araw tokens accessed the banking system integration offers both the buy sell araw tokens instantly between customer's araw wallet and their bank account. the liquidity araw tokens will undoubtedly attract customers join araw rewarding vendors, which combined with other araw offerings will aggressively expand the opportunities for rewarding buyers, customer acquisition for vendors, and unprecedented increase crypto-market participation. the unified reward system driven the araw token aims transform the poorly utilised multi-branded loyalty industry rewarding shopping are aiming floating ecosystem with regular people world-wide using araw platform for their daily shopping, resulting high liquidity and utility. this combined with scarcity will result appreciation the araw token value. the araw mobile wallet provides seamless user experience acts gateway araw activities such the sale and purchase araw tokens with user-configured bank accounts. the mobile wallet will also act cryptocurrency exchange where users can instantly exchange their araw tokens into other cryptocurrencies (initially ethereum and bitcoin) further simplifying cryptocurrency for regular people. for vendors, offer open api platform which allow complete customisation the kind araw platform you choose run giving arbitrary control over your re-distribution araw tokens without the need for specialised blockchain developers. offer sophisticated yet simple use tools both the businesses and consumers ensuring global adoption the araw token. since there are only certain amount araw token that can ever exist, scarcity combined with thriving underlying decentralised ecosystem will result appreciation araw token value. rewarding shopping ultimately, the araw token functions revolutionary end-to-end e-commerce platform. makes use the ethereum blockchain, ensuring development secure and efficient well arbitrarily customisable for sellers using araw. this presents enormous opportunity for existing vendors stay ahead the technological curve adopters araw will pioneers unifying shopping rewards and trivialising cryptocurrency ownership. our initial focus cultivate the araw adoption rate create autonomous market driven our token. the araw mobile wallet will integrated with cryptocurrency exchanges where customers will able exchange their araw tokens with fiat currency other cryptocurrencies. the platform will tremendously expand consumer bases multiple fronts. sellers and retailers using araw will able offer extremely attractive reward system which completely removes the complexity owning cryptocurrency removing any inhibitions person would have enter the crypto economy. this encourages the customers participate araw offering purchases they are given the ability liquidate their tokens via purchase fiat conversion, use them investment convert other cryptocurrencies enabled enterprise-grade mobile application. the araw platform grows, the value the token will appreciated with the amount users this notably carries enormous potential the platform allows any providers goods and services utilise the araw platform. the platform and its components are designed easily onboard vendors and provide user experience that does not rely changing existing behaviour. rewarding shopping diversified channels increase the adoption the araw platform the araw platform aiming target multiple channels increase the adoption the blockchain technology. there are two main verticals achieve our goal. e-commerce: the goal the araw token part everyone's day day shopping without needing them change their shopping behaviour. this can achieved with simple and easy use e-commerce website which transparently integrated with the decentralised payment. decentralised payment: the araw platform will bridge between merchants, consumers, cryptocurrency exchanges, and the ethereum smart contract that manages the liquidity the araw token. our goto marketing strategy reach more customers and merchants. referral tradeshows exposure time-to-time rewards: this our ultimate goal where regular customers will accustomed use the araw e-commerce platform araw platform for their daily shopping and they get time-to-time rewards without needing them anything else. intutive integration e-commerce ecosystems decentralised payment encourage customers use araw touch pay card believe technology and create robust solution that attracts improve user adoption blockchain transparency leading merchants join the araw platform. merchants mobile wallet integration where customers ethereum smart contract consumers will able exchange araw tokens with other cryptocurrencies like eth btc. cryptocurrency exchange open platform: plug play e-commerce widget allowing third party integration. rewarding shopping the existing araw platform the existing araw platform, araw ltd. was founded this platform has been implemented using virtual tokens without blockchain support. provide our client businesses with services such customer analytics: keep track loyal customers, their points and redemptions real time. customer insight dashboard: connect real time the customer information and turn those insights into more sales and customer loyalty. business branded loyalty card increase revenues with new and loyal customers: engage and reward your customers. know your customers better and bring them back your business: distinguish between dormant and loyal customers, and send right offer right customers. in-store marketing: provide in-store marketing material promote digital loyalty program among customers. are one-of-a-kind position the very forefront the omni-channel loyalty economy. building our expertise rewards and loyalty programmes, are going step further launch unifying reward ecosystem that employs the blockchain technology backbone and fully unified medium exchange. are one-of-a-kind position the very forefront the omni-channel loyalty economy. can fully integrate with major point-of-sale providers, and this simply not market position that held many companies such ours. while have had great success with our customer rewards system, are introducing araw token through e-commerce platform our means contributing even more the customer reward and loyalty industry. the araw platform besides having mobile app also includes new digital currency the araw token. have already built coalition supportive merchants, and will creating value based, digital rewards system that expected outperform traditional rewards programmes. rewarding shopping the customer app the customer app targeted towards our merchants/retailers' daily customers allow business keep touch with their customers and build meaningful relationship with them. the benefits using this application are: earn and redeem rewards from their favourite businesses. discover incredible rewards from thousands near-by businesses. time time one-off unbeatable deals from various retailers upcoming upgraded mobile app for customers rewarding shopping the business app the business app mainly used our merchants/retailers operate requests made from customer app. the main use cases for business app are; connect with customers for relationship that endures. give customers more personalized experiences both and out store and see your revenue double from returning customers. customers insight dashboard customers insight dashboard gives our merchants/retailers detailed statistics about their regular/dormant customer base. provide detailed insight customer stats that they can plan for their short and long term business goals. moreover, retailers can understand customer behavior and communicate with them get them back their business. rewarding shopping track record araw ltd currently administers customer rewards programs for several businesses the uk. expect all our businesses upgrade from their traditional points system araw tokens. intend provide full-time support during this upgrade process offering consultation and training how use our technology effectively within their business. market overview throughout the world the e-commerce industry continues gain popularity. for each day that passes, the online shopping platform gains more customers and keeps increasing their trade volume. addition, the potential the retail and e-commerce industry will continue grow the future. the global sales e-commerce were about usd trillion and are estimated increase double this tally accordingly, the corresponding retail sales that come from e-commerce are expected increase from about and respectively. the number online shoppers expected double the rate recorded billion) (over billion), statista reports. the number online shoppers expected double the rate recorded billion) (over billion), statista reports. rewarding shopping retail e-commerce sales worldwide from (in billion u.s. dollars) sales billion u.s. dollars source emarketer (c) statista additional information worldwide; emarketer; globally, customers are not rewarded from existing e-commerce companies lacking unified reward system payment solution. while preserving data integrity, the blockchain records all the transactions ensuring that all the transactions carried out the platform are secure well transparent. furthermore, well the charges will incur, blockchain technology will also lower the number intermediaries required complete any transaction. consequently, the integration reward system the blockchain using smart contracts will significant improvement for the e-commerce industry. rewarding shopping today, customer acquisition key problem for retailers. statistics reveal that the average conversion traffic into actual sales e-commerce just however, the real figures are and less. the delivery rate with the automation the purchase processes and rapid growth e-commerce has made the industry extremely competitive. more price-sensitive customers, competitive prices daily basis, and increased brand awareness today typify the industry. now obvious that customer loyalty, premised referrals and repeat purchases important driver profitability for the retail and e-commerce industry. today, customer acquisition key problem for retailers. statistics reveal that the average conversion traffic into actual sales e-commerce just however, the real figures are and less. businesses spend reasonable amount resources gain the attention customers: this not only important but step retaining their attention. reports reveal that retaining existing customer times less costly than acquiring new one. particularly when the competition severe, customers are always found switching between brands. therefore, crucial for retailers find the best means gaining their customers' loyalty. many statistics and reports indicate that loyal customers tell their friends about their experience, cost less process, often buy more products, provide valuable feedback, and stay longer. despite explosive growth the e-commerce industry, merchants and customers are facing some problems outlined below. leading e-commerce platforms today not offer reward systems and payment solution consider the lack reward programmes the biggest e-commerce distributors enormous problem and market opportunity. the largest e-commerce firms take sizable commission for each product sold their platform and only provide basic service delivering the product the consumer. however, with the introduction unified reward system can enhance the consumer experience and introduce consumer-driven market, encouraging customers migrate away from basic e-commerce services. rewarding shopping reputation and trust issues having build trust difficult online marketplaces are managed few large entities. there difficulty the transfer trust from one centralised marketplace the other; there's need create strong relationship with the merchants. unfortunately, the history the merchant not always recorded making impossible punish dubious merchants buyers. huge advertising and identity verification efforts are required for easy and safe transaction for merchant trusted. cryptocurrency token startups are failing reach adoption regular customers... long and expensive payment processes for merchants the long and expensive payment process for merchants one the most obvious problems the retail and e-commerce industry. times, there may more than different fees for the payment gateways and half dozen steps finalise the transaction. similarly, the transaction charges might range between with chargeback fee. also, the existing payment gateway the majority the e-commerce stores rarely provides avenue for the merchants accept mobile transactions their stores. rewarding shopping failure adapt the growth cryptocurrency tokens today, the majority the merchants not accept payments made with crypto-tokens. however, completely new digital asset class undergoing creation: tokens these products that are built-up the ethereum platform. the increase new wave digital assets enhances the manufacturing token based digital asset economy. estimated that about the world's gdp will created the blockchain leaving merchants with choice but part the growing blockchain economy. illustrate this assertion, let look the chart below showing the growth altcoins. must noted, however, that this growth influenced the ascendancy ether currency and the global expansion ethereum based tokens. cryptocurrency market caps (historical) coin.dance estimated that about the world's gdp will created the blockchain rewarding shopping similarly, the graph below illustrates the growth ether's market cap. market capitalisation stands approximately usd billion march-. has grown since last year! ether historical market capitalisation chart (usd) etherscan.io ether market cap (usd) jan jul jan jul jan below graph shows the continuous growth ethereum. strongly believe that ethereum founders has created such ecosystem that will continuously raise the future. with upcoming versions the ethereum, transactions are expected more cheaper and faster. this the main reason why araw token team has decided implement e-commerce payment ecosystem the ethereum blockchain. ether historical prices (usd) etherscan.io ether price (usd) jan jul jan jul jan rewarding shopping market opportunity the global loyalty and reward industry was estimated about billion and risen about billion given this remarkable growth the global loyalty program, growing annual rate and compound annual growth rate (cagr) .%, this estimation projected hit billion unfortunately, this report flawed with shocking rate under-utilisation loyalty program the e-commerce sector. about consumers the industry fail use their shopping rewards while these consumers belong less than loyalty reward programs specifically designed for the e-commerce world. about consumers the industry fail use their shopping rewards while these consumers belong less than reward programs specifically designed for the e-commerce world. marketsandmarkets survey revealed that loyalty rewards customers who failed redeem their rewards were times more likely leave particular program and join another. araw token perfect position champion the course revolutionising the loyalty reward industry. our loyalty ecosystem particularly designed enable seamless integration with major e-commerce stores. moreover, our ecosystem allows merchants fully enjoy the benefits araw token; through sale, purchase exchange the token while cutting down unnecessary costs and expanding their customer base. this unique position the industry presents the ideal choice for all our participating merchants. addition, with these competitive advantages, aim aggressively expand and accommodate more retailers the industry including but not limited fashion, food, and other specialty retail businesses benefit from the competitive edge araw token solutions. apart from the market opportunities created the blockchain, are also aware that there are enough possibilities for growth the digital loyalty programs and e-commerce industries, which form the major components araw token. rewarding shopping about the companies and companies revealed that their customers prefer buying their daily products; about these companies have not been able integrate loyalty reward program into their business model accordingly. with better technologies and data analytics, the araw token here fill the gap based the study reported kpmg about the companies and companies revealed that their customers prefer buying their daily products; about these companies have not been able integrate loyalty reward program into their business model accordingly. with better technologies and data analytics, araw token here fill the spot. are taking e-commerce and reward industries the next level. with araw token, offer unique and new technical implementation data protocol, smart contracts, and blockchain the loyalty program sector specifically for the e-commerce world. strive reward our participating customers for their daily purchases; without changing their current behaviour. the araw token creating global, decentralised and reputable payment for e-commerce ecosystem that work flawlessly with existing platforms supported ethereum smart contracts. consumers driven e-commerce market powered the ethereum blockchain our goal create consumers driven e-commerce marketplace. are aiming challenge leading e-commerce platforms that not offer much benefits consumers. consumers will able earn and redeem the araw tokens the araw e-commerce marketplace. the main advantage being the ethereum blockchain that will able combine the benefits rewards and payments such product that would able excite and drive consumer retention using blockchain and smart contracts backbone. solution provided mobile payment through the blockchain technology, have been able process payments with only fee and single step, which would lead the acceptance payments the araw token platform generally five times less expensive and ten times faster for our participating merchants. after the integration araw token ecosystem, participating merchants would have access accept payments the araw tokens, use reward system features, and exchange fiat currency from the araw token. rewarding shopping enable merchants participate trillion digital valued economy advancing araw token, not only would allow our merchants take part decentralised economy that trustless, would also provide avenue meet with the growing digital economic system through unique loyalty program that would provide. according the world bank report, about the world's gdp will produced through the blockchain technology coming the gdp estimation for said about meaning that the value produced through the blockchain technology going about (%). the gdp estimation for said about meaning that the value produced through the blockchain technology going about (%). value proposition the araw token important component the e-commerce ecosystem, with particular aim integrate our existing reward system into the e-commerce industry. can seen bbc unified reward system that designed the blockchain. this platform allows our participating merchants reward their customers with araw tokens for their purchases. the management responsible for the decentralisation rewards blockchain makes the araw token ecosystem unique and provides lot value everyone our customers and members: for merchants there blockchain based e-commerce ecosystem. offer cutting edge solution customers staying ahead the blockchain technology, the future internet. acquisition new customers around the world. open platform create enterprise e-commerce platform blockchain. for customers there cryptocurrency reward, which can exchanged fiat currency can redeemed for other purchases never expires value appreciation due scarcity and increased adoption since the araw token decentralised ecosystem, its solutions and products are easily scalable with restrictions limitations the participating members. essence, the app can downloaded from the app stores e-commerce platforms and any merchant can connected araw token platform. rewarding shopping the araw token: heart the decentralised payment ecosystem one the main goals the araw platform provide unified reward system and marketing solution for e-commerce businesses, which aims increase the footprint customers, building meaningful relationships with them, and hence increase the growth the business. present the araw token the solution unlock the full potential reward programmes and thus increase value for all participants this loyalty system. the proposed e-commerce ecosystem accepts both crypto and monetary payment. customers have the choice paying for goods and services using actual money, the araw token any the other globally accepted cryptocurrencies. has also been noted that the most valued rewards loyalty programmes are very unique position understanding, developing and implementing wide-reaching platform that makes possible have unified reward system. are monetary nature loyalty programmes need emphasise more redemptive ability move forward. the current loyalty domain has organisational problems with rewards that are unrealised, and customers are clamouring for more elasticity and actual financial benefits. araw token seeks ensure that customers get make personal choices about their rewards. this where araw token steps problem solver and solution provider. with our broad experience and expertise addressing businesses' needs for connecting their customers, are very unique position understanding, developing and implementing wide-reaching platform that makes possible have unified reward system. this the central idea for the araw tokens that will issuing. through the e-commerce system, customers will more involved with business loyalty programs and can acquire better rewards for their consumption. the araw token will used medium exchange within the rewards system, and customers can earn the token when making purchases participating merchants. when customers redeem any the available rewards, araw token then restored merchants. rewarding shopping araw platform, customers and brands can interact without restrictions dependable, trustless and mutually beneficial manner. are partnering with businesses and merchants across the uk, the and other countries support the omnichannel ideal customer loyalty. when customers earn araw tokens, they can then utilise them different ways beyond the traditional customer loyalty programs. customers can use the points earned from one merchant acquire rewards from other merchants within the system. thus allowing customers business and earn rewards across several industries without restriction. the benefits acquiring araw tokens whether customers participating businesses the loyalty program are endless. araw tokens and our e-commerce system will facilitate peer-to-peer payment; facilitate micro payments between customers and merchants; and slated used virtually everyone from around the world. furthermore, are introducing the araw token which our customers would use for micro payment gas stations, coffee shops, restaurants, supermarket amongst other retail outlets. this provides them the convenience making payments using araw token. therefore, through the influence the araw cryptocurrency, are establishing unlimited ecosystem payments and loyalty. are creating end-to-end ecosystem the e-commerce marketplace, touch pay, and unified reward system driven the araw token. araw token distributed ledger e-commerce marketplace that gives people two-way choice buying and selling goods with online leveraging the combined benefits fiat currencies and crypto currencies. araw token platform leverages the benefits blockchain technology provide unique and inimitable value all users our platform including individual merchants rewarding shopping businesses who deploy the platform for marketing and sale their goods and global consumers who can now gain cross-border access the product their choice better bargain given the transaction cost reduction occasioned the internet which further boosted the blockchain technology. the smart contract digital escrow feature the ethereum based token also makes frictionless and secure transactions possible. the araw token programmed adopt the security guidelines and ease access the erc. the araw tokens are required for all the transactions the araw token platform and represents the reward point for all participating customers araw token holders. for every transaction made araw token platform, issuance, transfer exchange, the initiator the transaction will pay small fee for using the araw token smart contracts. all transactions e-commerce marketplace can carried out with the araw token, which must transferred through held erc compatible wallet. araw tokens act the legal tender for trading the platform. can used pay for goods make settlements. can well used certify that particular deal has been completed. the transaction carried out the araw token exchange platform that facilitates trade between the two parties involved. the main purpose the exchange platform facilitate trade and transaction between the two parties. are creating end-to-end ecosystem the e-commerce marketplace, touch pay, and unified reward system driven the araw token. araw token distributed ledger e-commerce marketplace that gives people two-way choice buying and selling goods with online leveraging the combined benefits fiat currencies and crypto currencies. rewarding shopping araw e-commerce marketplace the araw token utility based token specifically designed for the global e-commerce payment industry. araw token will released into public ico and any funds generated through this ico will used mainly for improving infrastructure, product research development, and sales marketing. for customers, there absolute value for every purchase the form ethereum tokens that can sent other crypto-wallet for purchase. since there are only certain amount araw token that can ever exist, scarcity combined with thriving underlying decentralised ecosystem will result appreciation araw token value. this significantly different than the current loyalty rewards that expires over time. rewarding shopping the retailers will just have purchase from the open marketplace employing the use araw token coins appreciate the users. the customers the araw token ecosystem will receive araw certain configurable percentage amount purchases. their the araw token utility based token specifically designed for the global e-commerce payment industry our customers would provisioned araw card tied araw token and mobile wallet enable convenient micropayments. customers will appreciate this opportunity, they gain access liquid cryptocurrency instead loyalty points. similarly, the customers can also buy araw tokens through the araw mobile wallet cryptocurrency exchange. important note, that the araw token value ascertained the open exchanges the cryptocurrency. these tokens can traded for other currency. equally vital emphasise that the token acceptable all the participating merchants that employ araw token platform. araw card rewarding shopping the araw token ecosystem the araw ecosystem was carefully designed from the beginning supportive sphere which users can confident their trades the blockchain. capture variety users, have provided ecosystem platform that scalable and effective, yet simple over the ethereum blockchain, where customers and brands can interact without restrictions dependable, trustless, and mutually beneficial manner. araw pay online payments ecommerce marketplace araw unified reward system peer-to-peer araw card touch pay the araw token ecosystem banking system intergration ethereum blockchain cryptocurrency exchange open api platform araw mobile wallet have provided ecosystem platform that scalable and effective, yet simple over the ethereum blockchain rewarding shopping araw pay araw pay will open widget accept payments araw tokens and can used any merchants anywhere online just like any other payment gateway providers. aim provide seamless araw pay solutions araw mobile web wallet, open api platform, and araw e-commerce marketplace. off-chain transaction raiden network araw platform on-chain transaction crypto exchange liquidity smart contract merchants (decision algorithm) dashboard araw (+$) sell buy consumers araw pay checkout total: onchain+offchain balance araw pay login araw pay araw balance: (worth pay araw) pay on-chain off-chain transactions the araw platform acts mediator between the raiden network handle off-chain transactions the crypto exchanges manage on-chain transactions. the liquidity smart contract will responsible for handling off-chain transactions decentralised way. will comparing ethereum casper raiden network costing model and may possible will stick ethereum casper for all the transactions. rewarding shopping e-commerce marketplace given our distributed ledger system, items for sale are gathered from different parts the globe the marketplace. buyers and sellers from different parts the world also come together peer-to-peer enabled environment for transactions. users the platform can thus have access the entire list all the offers available the araw marketplace. with our help and the araw platform, any shop owner free execute single sale build enterprise level e-commerce platform. the flexibility offered our e-commerce marketplace gives users the freedom choose what they want the platform whether buy sell get involved the loyalty program and earn rewards. aim meet the need every consumer, every merchant and every business matter their location through our distributed ledger system. our e-commerce market place gives you instant access the global audience, removes transaction overhead (management and fees) and ensures they are secure and frictionless through our ethereum blockchain based erc tokens and smart contract implementation. merchants there products sell services are two ways which our participating retailers can interact with the araw ecosystem. these include through smart contract that handles the liquidity the araw token the market buying directly araw marketplace through the cryptocurrency exchange. another way through the araw token platform which maintains products buy services all the essential operations and controls relating the purchases and sales the araw tokens with fiat currency. using this, sellers the platform can choose sell goods and services for araw tokens consumers well distributing them with the unified reward system. extended support and software development tools achieve crypto based reward program will offered clients using the araw token platform. rewarding shopping araw card touch pay araw touch pay card aims enable customers make micropayments coffee shops, supermarkets and day-to-day online shopping. contains radio-frequency identification (rfid) communicate with card reader enable contactless payments. with the release araw card, are expecting raise adoption the araw platform regular customers. are going implement this solution different phases. phase# merchants accept araw card payments using the araw card reader mobile app are aiming implement this our quick solution. this will enable any merchant the accept payment the araw token. merchants will need download araw card reader app from apple store google play store which will able communicate contactless with araw card micro-payments receive araw tokens. after this, will working towards other countries comply with their jurisdiction support araw token payments. phase# merchants accept araw card payments using standard visa mastercard readers the araw token aims integrate with visa and mastercard following our own mobile solution ease the transactions for merchants and consumers globally. customers will able use virtual araw card from their araw mobile wallet for touch pay micropayments their favourite retailers. phase# merchants accepts araw card payment using araw card reader hardware depending the funds raised; will targeting develop our own hardware accept payments globally. will targeting this after araw token becomes global cryptocurrency used multiple countries. expect increased adoption araw token with the introduction hardware card reader. will aim release another form authorised paper detail phase# and phase# mid rewarding shopping open api platform with araw token open api platform, users not need know any form programming code language make use the system. structured utilised out the box. araw payment gateway araw platform technical apis global merchants e-commerce plug play widget open apis can structured various ways but the main takeaway every api architecture that api itself can readily used and accessed many customers possible from every part the globe. open api application-programming interface that gives the owner network the chance allow people from different parts the globe able access the services like developers. provides transparency all users with the functionality the system unlike traditional private api's companies typically use. not necessary participating member the araw platform make use the araw token offer the araw token reward. our open api ensures that merchants that are not araw platform customers will have access and participate different transactions araw token platform. you can make payments, exchange and purchase araw tokens using our web wallets use the araw token mobile app. these retailers can integrate their e-commerce stores into our system and maintain their apps using our api offer redemption and receive payments. similarly, their customers can use our wallet purchase their goods and services using araw token should the service-providers our api choose to, they can create their unique custom solutions process transactions with araw tokens. rewarding shopping banking system integration with seamless banking system integrated the araw platform, customers will able buy araw tokens using linked bank accounts. they will also able exchange araw tokens with fiat and send cashback linked accounts. araw mobile wallet the seamless integration araw mobile wallet with banking and cryptocurrency exchanges will enable araw platform users to; top-up araw tokens with click button send and receive araw tokens exchange araw tokens with any other crypto currencies like eth and btc exchange araw token with fiat currency and get cashback the araw mobile wallet continuously connected cryptocurrency exchanges maintains the live exchange rate the araw token and other cryptocurrencies. rewarding shopping cryptocurrency exchanges integration araw platform integration with cryptocurrency exchanges would allow users exchange araw tokens with other cryptocurrencies (like eth and btc). users the platform can also convert from one cryptocurrency the other and from cryptocurrency fiat currency. consumers y/s ell araw platform api integration crypto currency exchanges merchants ethereum blockchain proof delivery service the araw e-marketplace leverages smart contracts make the process exchanging goods with araw token fast, secure and add trust the system. generates secure escrow for two transacting parties. through this method they are given money-back guarantee for buyers the product turns out substandard and for the seller, ensures that the fund for the product they placed the marketplace securely transferred them. the distributed ledger system keeps funds secure and prevents any transaction participant from having control over the funds until independent delivery services confirms that product successfully delivered the buyer using external oracle. the buyer satisfied with the quality product delivered, the payment transferred the seller and the share payment that owed the delivery service will also transferred. the ethereum blockchain makes transactions between two individual possible without any need for intermediary. this turn reduces the cost management and business transactions overall. when customers make purchase using the araw tokens, these tokens are stored the secure escrow until the transaction has been completed from both the parties. merchants can set preferences exchange araw tokens with fiat currency during this transaction period protect against volatility the market. rewarding shopping peer-to-peer the araw token platform enables peer-to- consumers merchants peer transaction give users the chance engage direct exchange goods and services. this enables free trade between two parties anywhere the world. seller can sell directly buyer across the world smart contract without the usual services middlemen going through different currency conversions and exchange rate fluctuations. family friends unified reward system with the various offerings the araw platform, are set unseal the current limitations found traditional customer loyalty programmes and hasten the development more cooperative, unified, and competitive customer reward industry. aim replace the traditional restrictive reward points system used typical commerce companies with blockchain based dynamic currency that increases participation and interaction between customers and services. have the unprecedented opportunity unlock the full potential rewards programmes combining all sales entities pooling together limitless customer base and rewards offer. merchant consumer makes purchase from merchant- using fiat currency transactions registered into araw redemption merchant araw platform consumer rewarded araw tokens consumers consumer redeems these register transactions items from merchant- transactions registered into araw rewards araw tokens purchase araw platform araw platform rewarding shopping roadmap deals and offers implemented paypal stripe payment gateways integrated mobile apps araw platform the ethereum blockchain mvp development european expansion araw card touch pay mobile solution prototype araw platform, using virtual points without blockchain araw idea born improved digital loyalty marketing solution released customer insight dashboard araw smart contract liquidity contract platform security audit whitelisting airdrop araw ltd company headquartered the london, the araw token ico private public sale e-commerce marketplace unified reward system peer-to-peer transfer release araw platform the araw card licensing process araw mobile apps launched the apple store google playstore araw mobile wallet banking system integration crypto exchanges integration open api platform araw pay it's just beginning! the araw era has begun usa expansion asia expansion rewarding shopping araw token economy our market principle and mode operation araw marketplace results continuous circulation araw token among all the market players: merchants need araw token reward customers for assisting with the sale their product, compensate buyers when they rate products and pay for deals. merchants pay customers incentive increase their footprints loyal customers. customers will able spend araw tokens make purchases araw e-commerce marketplace. customers will able purchase araw tokens through araw wallet using fiat cryptocurrency. customers may offered discounts replacement for araw token. investors can buy and sell araw tokens from cryptocurrency exchanges. customers will encouraged hold tokens their araw wallet get better futuristic value. this creates constant flow araw token within the ecosystem; thus, boosting the value araw token and qualifies for trade outside stock exchange platform. benefits investors strong team technology geeks develop cutting edge technology product experienced proficient e-commerce business development team existing platform live for more than years the araw platform mvp live for testing team tokens are locked for years are committed deliver what have promised the roadmap the cheapest price buy araw token during ico the araw token going part the customers day-to-day shopping use araw tokens make purchases the araw e-commerce marketplace on-boarding merchants will buy araw tokens from the early investors since there are only certain amount araw token that can ever exist, scarcity combined with thriving underlying decentralised ecosystem will result appreciation araw token value. rewarding shopping token generation event ticker: araw token type: erc ico token price: araw total tokens: ,,, available for token sale: ,,, (%) whitelist: yes may june) know your customer (kyc): yes pre-sale start date: july public sale start date: tbd soft cap: usd hard cap: usd accepts: eth contact for pre-sale: tokensale@arawtoken.io rewarding shopping token distribution reserve pool (lock-up period years) bounty airdrop advisers (vesting period year) founders team (lock-up period year) for token sale ,,, token sale funds allocation security legal customer support operations developement sales marketing research rewarding shopping team krutesh shah founder chief operations krutesh qualified and experienced business analyst worked with investment banks like bnp paribas and barclays where was specialised developing and aligning business models, managing people and projects and developing new products. worked shaping the vision and direction the business and focus designing business systems and processes that enable the successful implementation the business strategy. krutesh overseeing all operations and business activities ensure they produce the desired results and are consistent with the overall strategy and mission the company. commercial specialties: business development, financial management, operations management, project management, performance management, business modeling. technical specialties: financial technology, data modeling, data analysis, blockchain technology. carlo pascoli co-founder chief platform architect msc computer engineering, carlo has been building software solutions and leading software engineering teams world class companies like shazam, and thomson reuters. the last years, he's become expert distributed systems and mobile apps development, with primary focus the financial sector. carlo always felt passionate about innovation and believes the positive disruption represented decentralised systems based cryptocurrencies and blockchain technology. thinks are living the beginning revolution that will first impact the payment and e-commerce sectors and wants contribute that. rewarding shopping dev shah chief business development dev has finance degree from kingston business school. experienced ex-management consultant having worked deloitte, tsc, compaq, and j.p.morgan. combines core skills with 'in-depth' knowledge systems, processes, businesses and build successful businesses across these numerous industries. dev has structured approach management and breadth experience from business development daily operations. serial entrepreneur, this will his fourth involvement successful business. previous businesses have executed successful marketing and operations under dev's watchful eye, and then gone greater heights. dev's involvement with araw will lead the business development efforts which well versed with, having secured partnering agreements over different countries his previous enterprises. manan jobanputra lead blockchain developer manan has computer science degree. lead blockchain developer and expert smart contracts. manan has been full stack developer for many years and passionate about blockchain and crypto world! has developed complex end-to-end systems using latest technologies like react, node etc. rewarding shopping maskim boyko infrastructure engineer maksim has diploma computer science and phd degree physics from st. petersburg state university, st. petersburg, russia. proficient linux administration, aws infrastructure, and devops with more then years solid experience. maskim expert mathematics and cryptography science. has published international journal papers. stephen lead designer stephen lead designer industrial designer with ethos applying innovation and design thinking problems, and creating solutions solve these challenges. has designed award winning products both software and hardware. has extensive industry experience userexperience, user-interaction, visual merchandising, graphic design, having worked for p&g prestige, estee lauder companies, m&c satchi, philips. stephen has further experience interior design, store design, automotive design for clients including jaguar land rover, p&g, unilever, gibson, adidas, lime, leading fashion and retail startups. rewarding shopping advisors jane thomason advisory board member experienced ceo and thought leader the applications blockchain technology for social impact. she frequent commentator and blogger blockchain and social impact and conference speaker globally. she published peer reviewed articles blockchain and climate finance and the poor and blockchain accelerator for women's and children's health. jane adviser several blockchain startups with applications that solve global problems, and currently working with collaborators co-develop blockchain pocs several emerging economies. she was hackathon judge and mentor london blockchain week, london fintech week and the consensys blockchain for social impact coalition hackathon. she advocate for the education and empowerment women generally and #womeninblockchain. thomason global ambassador and advisory board member the british blockchain association and member the advisory board the kerala blockchain academy. john wellman bleep plc, group ceo john the founder bleep plc established distribute electronic cash registers. today bleep pos solutions found variety businesses from small cafes, fast food, casual dining, fine dining, bars pubs, retail, hotels stadiums such the principality stadium wales, chelsea fc, middlesbrough fc. bleep launched web back office (wbo) the cloud, well ahead its time. the london olympics installed over terminals linked wbo, providing real-time sales and stock information. bleep's "events division" has become number one the world for supplying epos and payment systems the largest sporting events around the world. from fifa world cup brazil, panam games toronto, rugby world cup, wimbledon, the open, euro finals france, tour france, glastonbury, isle white festival, commonwealth games, rio olympics this year bleep has added formula countries around the world their portfolio. john will play key role make the araw token's vision succeed rewarding shopping paresh masani platform vision strategy paresh gold medalist masters degree computer science from one the most prestigious university india, national institute technology, trichy. having worked over years executive director banking and finance, paresh will make vital contribution the araw platform's future vision. paresh possesses solid understanding fintech business and technology; and has proven track record running successful businesses. technology geek and has worked technical lead and full-stack developer for some the critical banking and finance projects the world! paresh expert security, cryptography, blockchain technology, and end-to-end system development. nicolo stewen ceo cryptoanalyst.co nicolo has been crypto-enthusiast since early and the ceo and founder cryptoanalyst.co, leading cryptocurrency and blockchain news website with focus international politics and the mainstream adoption blockchain technology. serial entrepreneur and investor who has found success variety different industries. nicolo focuses mainly the fintech industry and has real passion for innovation. regular speaker conferences and events and has contributed number specialist publications and websites. srinivas anala founder bloqwise before becoming true believer decentralised technology, srinivas has combined years experience working for industry leading fintech companies. will bring his knowledge and experience help araw build decentralised payment for e-commerce ecosystem srinivas founded bloqwise support growth and sustainability blockchain ecosystem. built active and growing global community blockchain developers, crypto currency investors and decentralised technology enthusiasts. expert providing technical guidance, blockchain technology, and community support. rewarding shopping closure statement the araw token will prove revolutionary cryptocurrency for the e-commerce and payment ecosystem ensure merchants and customers get their optimum satisfaction from the services. with the aforementioned features the araw token, merchants will have more convenient and economical service while engaging their customers. this will also encourage customers continue using the araw cryptocurrency card frequently possible. this will help boost purchases thousands businesses, and also satisfy millions customers providing great way continue shopping the same way and earning rewards doing so. rewarding shopping