arbitrage crypto trader white paper version. content introduction..................................................................................................... why arbitration does not work today .......................................................... how arbitrage crypto trader solves these problems ................................... how works ................................................................................................... token arct .................................................................................................. the aim arbitrage crypto trader ............................................................. roadmap ...................................................................................................... ico ................................................................................................................ team ............................................................................................................. introduction arbitration one the oldest trading strategies. its popularity, both among traders and investors, the existence small risk. the task purchase and simultaneously sell the same sufficiently similar types assets. before the advent the internet, arbitration took place approximately like this. two traders kept constant telephone connection between exchanges chicago and new york. when one the stock exchanges (for whatever reason) the price rose sharply, for example, sugar, and the second exchange yet, where sugar was more expensive than was sold, and bought the second exchange. after few seconds minutes, when information about price changes came all market participants, prices again equalized. and the traders just fixed profits. huge states were made fairly simple trading algorithm. but "came end" with the advent the internet and massive transition exchanges electronic commerce. result, people occupied robots. today they are happy arbitrate price deviations and even .%, while people earned one transaction. traders classic stock and commodity markets remain nostalgic about times that will never return. however, the arbitration did not die definitively. again favor, thanks the appearance crypto currency. all see that right now quotations bitkoyna different stock exchanges differ from each other -%. and for some the altocums, the difference can sometimes high why arbitration does not work today the simplest question that comes mind everyone, even person far from trading: "why are all those who trade crypto currencies have not yet become dollar millionaires"? after all, everything looks very simple. one exchange, they sold crypto currency tokens, bought another one, waited for price convergence and fixed profit. absence liquidity the exchanges impossibility quickly buy asset one the crypto-instruments, and the other sell with large volume. because this, there are practically large players the market, let alone funds that move prices the stock market. any major player (seeing difference price between exchanges %), try one them sell the asset million, and the other buy for the same amount, will get monstrous slip, which result, most cases will not earn arbitration, but the contrary lose problems with the introduction withdrawal large amounts exchanges connection with the toughening the fight against money laundering, the introduction large amounts exchanges becomes problem for the client, the bank and the stock exchange itself. and often drags for weeks and months. and when comes withdrawing money, things get even harder and longer. result, large players not only can not find liquidity (p.), they also can not quickly dispose their money, introducing and withdrawing them various exchanges for arbitrage transactions. there understanding how technically conduct arbitration result problems with clauses and there are practically institutional investors the market. but large numbers there audience, with insufficient financial education. for most people, problem how implement arbitration hand, and create robot that can monitor price divergence and conduct transactions. insufficient infrastructure most terminals crypto-exchange exchanges are the stone age, comparison with technical progress. for example, the charts each trading pair can loaded for few seconds. and when you click the "buy" "sell" button, the transaction may hang for another few seconds. constantly changing prices several stock exchanges, they make you instantly make calculations "by eye," often making mistakes. result, extremely difficult for trader obtain benchmark result, which will equal the price split between the two exchanges. how arbitrage crypto trader solves these problems absence liquidity the exchanges the terminal imprisoned for work with any size trade deposit. they can used both small traders and large institutional hedge funds. the way, the strategies the majority the latter, hedging risks, that is, arbitration, prescribed. the moment, due the low liquidity the crypto-currency markets, small and medium players can earn money using the platform, the smaller the size orders, the more benchmark results arbitrage crypto trader shows. the next years there will liquidity explosion the market, when the aggregator companies will solve the problems the likeness today's ecn, reducing liquidity from hundreds different suppliers. after that, large speculators and funds will able enter the market using arbitrage crypto trader their trading strategies. problems with the introduction withdrawal large amounts exchanges the sharpening the moment the terminal for small traders, removes the problem the arbitration strategy itself, connected with the withdrawal funds. for small deposits such operations take place within few hours and even minutes. there understanding how technically conduct arbitration arbitrage crypto trader does not require any deep technical even financial knowledge from the client. monitors the markets mode, looks for suitable formations for entering the transaction and waits for the trader only onepressing the "enter the deal" button. the same time, one exchange, coin purchased, for another sold. train trading with terminal, it's enough watch video about his work. not specifically include the base version large number functions, not create confusion. but for premium accounts, which will used professional traders, arbitrage crypto trader creates huge amount space the use various types orders and strategies. nedostatochnost' infrastruktury arbitrage crypto trader does not require the presence charts, much less the expectations their download. the platform receives quotes via web-sockets exchanges approximately this format (from the stock exchange the exchange differs): time ticker -price volume the deal. for example: btcusd bitcoin the receipt this data, unlike the loading charts the terminal exchanges, occurs almost without delay. and the risk with the execution the transaction time, solved setting time lag, which cancels the deal the lag value seconds exceeded this time. how works our product the trading terminal arbitrage crypto trader. how does work? receive quotes from several crypto-exchange exchanges. the user chooses them, where has trade deposit. then the pair interest selected. for example bitcoin dollar ether dollar. from the quotes received from each exchange, the terminal automatically calculates the average price difference percent between the two exchanges. it's not secret for anyone that some exchanges the crypto currency slightly more expensive, and others it's slightly cheaper. the main reason different rules money entry withdrawal commissions for these transactions. suppose the average difference between the two selected exchanges .%. this means that the situation when the exchange bitcoin costs and the other standard, with standard deviation .%. the task arbitrage crypto trader monitor this discrepancy between exchanges every second the time. the indicator will constantly change, amounting .%, .%, .%, etc. the client sees this discrepancy the terminal the form line the chart, well changing percentage. further, depending whether the trade conducted hands automatic mode, there are differences: --manual trading the client keeps eye the change the percentage gets alert about it. when considers the scramble sufficient, commits arbitration transaction. one exchange buys pair bitcoin dollar, and the other sells it. after while, the price returns its standard deviation .%, and the client's deposit increases automatic trading the client does not need constantly spend time with the monitor. deals with his own affairs, for example, goes work, studies, plays with children. from you only need set the price breakdown between the exchanges in%, which the algorithm automatically enters the transaction. for example during the day, arbitrage crypto trader can conduct several such transactions, and the user will review the report them and the profit the evening. what are the risks the client? the main advantage arbitrage deals the extremely small amount risk assumed. since there simultaneous purchase and sale the same asset. the user just waits for the discrepancy between the two exchanges and enters the transaction. when this discrepancy returns its historical mean values, fixes profits. the main risk arbitrage transactions that some point time this discrepancy will not return its historical values (for any reason). for example, one the exchanges, the rules for input output money will change and the standard discrepancy will increase from .%. this case, the user already the transaction, will incur loss. its size will less than .%, since the entry into the transaction any case occurred when the value differed from the average the larger side. further, new average discrepancy established and the user again receives profit from new transactions. how does arbitrage crypto trader make money? the standard version the platform for all users will free. this case, monetization using small window with the ads displayed. case the customer wants use the trading functions click auto-trade, has premium packages his services. this case, payment for arbitrage crypto trader services set percentage for the volume traded the form arct, kickcoin, and bitcoin tokens. fact, this the same commission that the client pays for any transaction the stock exchange. the main difference that the customer pays the arbitrage crypto trader commission, making almost any profitable trades. the actual size the commission will approximately the profit, depending the volume traded. token arst arbitrage crypto trader arct token will used all calculations between platform users. this will form constant increase demand for it. new users who buy premium packages come the platform, they will have prepurchase arct tokens the exchange, increasing the demand for them. the profit generated the arbitrage crypto trader platform will lost, and will sent the reserve fund, and the remaining will put for sale price higher than the price the holders the token, which will increase the value the token. the arct tokens are placed stages: pre-ico and ico. their total stock fixed. all tokens, which will not redeemed both stages placement, are subject destruction. their additional emissions will never conducted again. the arct placed the basis the ethereum smart contract. the fixed number issued arct tokens guarantees their buyer increase value the demand for arbitrage crypto trader services increases. also set the price for the traded package bitcoin, which will allow adjust the rate arct relative bitcoin (the price bitcoin constant, and the number arct tokens required for payment decreases). get acquainted with the economic scheme arbitrage crypto trader you can see below. pic. the economic scheme work arbitrage crypto trader the aim arbitrage crypto trader arbitrage crypto trader eliminates the huge market inefficiencies historically present crypto-exchanges. the task the platform redistribute the funds that platform owners take from customers the form large commissions and fees for entering withdrawing money, the direction the clients themselves. believe that the benefits from the technology blocking and the opportunities that crypto-currency trading provides are received all users, and not narrow group people who own exchanges. roadmap development arbitration strategy, creation commercial prototype and its open testing, marketing campaign, ico. development and implementation new trading strategies, development and implementation mobile applications, the addition new exchanges, the listing arct coins new exchanges, the development and addition new terminal functionality. launching personal cabinet, launching alpha testing terminal, listing exchanges: mercatox, hitbtc, small marketing campaign, launching statistics personal cabinet. introduction automatic trading several exchanges and pairs simultaneously through one terminal, the introduction new system adding exchanges based voting, the development intra-exchange automatic trading, the development new trading strategies, the exact planning the road map for the addition new exchanges, the official release the product. development additional trading functionality, development design personal cabinet, terminal and main site, adding new exchanges the terminal, adding referral system. launch additional trading functionality, the development the function autotrade several exchanges and pairs simultaneously through one terminal, the introduction new terminal design and personal cabinet, the development new system adding exchanges based voting, the addition new exchanges, the introduction new design the main site. ico arbitrage crypto trader arct token the only means payment for terminal premium packages. total ,,, billion) tokens will issued. all coins that are not distributed ico results will destroyed. the total number remaining tokens will distributed proportion the share ownership. the cost tokens pre ico: eth arct cost tokens ico: eth arct the minimum amount fees eth the planned amount fees eth the maximum amount fees eth the minimum amount not reached during the ico, all credited money will returned the owners. the team's share frozen for months without the right sell. token distribution: team kirill korzhenkov ceo competencies: entrepreneur, trader, programmer, founder "arbitrage crypto trader". responsible: strategic planning, finance, improvement and adding functionality the terminal. about myself: was born provincial city the moscow region, since early years fond technologies. started his career, like most you, with enthusiasm for computer games, but soon after graduation cyber sport and technologies became habitual way earning and developing both yourself and the people around me. work with online projects began technical specialist. parallel with working the network, studied programming, which helped create our new and promising project "arbitrage crypto trader". you will probably ask why the market crypto-currency, the answer obvious great opportunities and unbridled spaces for the introduction technologies into the work the trader. not stop the spot and always keep date, numerous participations forums: "tb forum -"; and many others. andrey demyanov director marketing and competencies: marketer, expert information security, the moment the head the technical support team. responsible: marketing, about myself: started professional activity the field it, from work classified russian organization the role information security specialist, and this subject completely and always won over. now the head the technical support team international corporation. work this role implies constant communication with subordinates and customers, which credo. during time it, launched many projects such "unidirectional data transfer", "fund algorithms and programs" and much more, for you nothing says the words, but believe these projects required lot strength and patience, for successful launch and long work, the second still on. like attend forums and various events related it, both guest and speaker, one such events met with kirill after long conversation and number joint works, the initiative cyril, decision was made run the project "arbitrage crypto trader". see the development this project the crypto-currency market and confident its development. vladimir trembach sto competencies: programmer, trader, specialist end-user technologies. responsible: functional development, maintenance and service development. about myself: was born small town stupino, the moscow region. his career began when wrote his first site order. when realized that like create something new, unique, solve complex mathematical and logical problems decided devote myself completely this area. for long time just wrote websites, worked for myself freelancer. really liked make people really quality products for adequate prices. after all, our time, many not even understand what they are paying for ... the moment work large international corporation end user technology expert and parallel run web studio. under leadership, more than projects, developed personally from scratch, were launched and all them successfully implemented the infrastructure customers. also, wrote more than websites order and received lot positive feedback from customers. after the offer join the team arbitrage crypto trader, immediately agreed, without thinking, and not regret all. i'm sure that will launch really high-quality product and will successful.