contents executive summary key value propositions cryptocurrency trading. market analysis introduction market market problems competitors analysis arbitrage process brief description the process realization arbitrage opportunities the product description background technical part economic part tokensale token functions why arbidex carrying out ico? tokensale details roadmap use funds team risks conclusion executive summary arbidex trading platform that accumulates liquidity from all major cryptocurrency exchanges and completely automates exchange arbitrage process for the stakeholders. major goal for carrying out ico create and develop platform for professional traders that allows trade cryptoassets from different exchanges via single interface, connect professional tools (like mt) providing high-quality service with low commission rate. the key feature the platform automation interexchange arbitration process strategies, which allows the platform users make profit using deposit eliminate non-efficiencies the market, i.e. arbitrage situations. arbidex raising revenue from: commissions profit from arbitrage strategies revenue from successfully implemented arbitrage chain. commissions execution orders different exchanges while regular trading operations. utility token the platform allows to: access premium services the platform (including implementing arbitrage strategies large deposits) and lower commission rate for trading operations. pay for commissions and chargeable services the platform with big discount. participate platform development for every investor: voting for listing new tokens and other issues important for the community (in longer run, when the platform will become not only integrator, but will provide independent exchange framework for professional participants). the moment arbidex operating platform (an mvp) with set technical tools for exchange arbitrage that interacting with several cryptocurrency exchanges accumulating about million dollars deposits. technical architecture and the efficiency arbitration strategy were tested over the -month period the team with their own deposits. the company registered switzerland, because value the swiss legislation approach blockchain and cryptocurrency and their aspiration provide maximum transparency for investors. upon completion the ico, arbidex plans open representative offices multiple jurisdictions allow traders from different countries maintain trading operations legally compliance with anti-money laundering regulations and other regulations related cryptocurrency turnover. key value propositions arbidex platform-integrator exchanges that allows for trading via single interface different exchanges, including deployment and other software for professional traders. arbidex opportunity earn realization arbitrage strategies without any risk virtue the set technical solutions integrated into the platform. arbidex opportunity buy any asset most favorable exchange rate virtue deploying technical algorithm partial purchase various exchanges and using the chain transactions. arbidex provides lower commission rates for professional traders with high-end service and technical maintenance trading operations. arbidex aggregator liquidity and instrument for lowering volatility the cryptomarket, which the longer run will simplify the integration cryptoassets into the community and make the market more approachable for institutional investors, i.e. more mature. cryptocurrency trading. market analysis introduction market rapid growth cryptocurrency market has become one the trends the numbers are truly mesmerizing: one year the capitalization the industry has increased from billion billion dollars. should noted that significant amount money has arrived just recently total trade volume exceeded billion late april and has been growing ever since. cryptocurrency market has been bull trend from the very start its formation, which logical taking into account deflation nature the majority crypto-assets and huge flow funds into blockchain and cryptocurrency industry. the moment, according coinmarketcap, the number cryptocurrency exchanges has long exceeded one hundred, and the number available cryptocurrencies and tokens with trading volume above the minimum per day exceeded instances. one the key features the cryptocurrency market its extremely high level volatility, the one hand, and the lack liquidity many currency pairs, the other. worth noting that the whole market several times passed through serious correction stage due negative political and technical developments: prohibitions crypto currency various countries, primarily china, hacking and stealing money from large stock exchanges. but despite this, the growth continues crazy rate, which due the constant inflow funds connected with potentially extremely high revenues from long-term investments and trading. addition, cryptocurrencies limited resource, with the biggest share being stored 'cold wallets', and the share these funds constantly growing, which further aggravates the rush. unlike traditional markets, the value asset can vary tens even hundreds percent per day. even the most conservative asset the market bitcoin can undergo take-off and correction within one two trading days. other liquid assets are even more volatile, traditional exchange strategies here work with significant limitations. extremely high level volatility and speed alterations https://coinmarketcap.com/all/views/all/ value some assets versus others, well the diversity exchanges, paired with different liquidity each them, well features input-output funds creates fertile ground for one the most attractive trading strategies arbitrage. with the right approach calculation and implementation implies small controlled risk, which eventually becomes minimal completely absent. the difference bitcoin's exchange rate different exchanges the market features lots platforms for exchange crypto-assets, and their number has long exceeded (according coinmarketcap.com and coinhills.com). however, the moment drafting the latest version arbidex whitepaper (..) there are only platforms with trading volume more than btc (see table the appendix). here list largest crypto-exchanges now: least different trading pairs crypto assets are traded the largest exchanges, with about assets being conditionally highly liquid within the cryptocurrency market framework (with trading volume exceeding million dollars per day). worth noting that often this volume shown not trading dollar, but the exchange crypto-active assets some value, for example, trading btc eth (which indicates that the actual liquidity such assets dollars less than the figure statistics). all this suggests that there not much real liquidity the market. this leads actual situations that has been observed crypto-market throughout all its lifetime: the infusion significant amount funds into crypto-asset can significantly affect the price (by times), which called pump". just like selling large quantity asset the market with little liquidity leads significant drop prices (also times). this called dump". constant trade variety isolated areas, paired with high volatility, leads permanent occurrence arbitration situations, when, despite numerous tradingbots, there are still time intervals with clear difference prices, especially the price one crypto-asset calculated through pair-chains other crypto-assets. and this difference can amount several percent. these two features the market lead extremely high volatility, which significantly limits the use crypto-currency for any practical tasks real economy sector where the margin earnings can less than the price alteration cryptocurrency per day. addition, this greatly increases the risk trading (in many currency pairs, trade reduced only the "pump" and "dump" options where shortsighted traders, especially when using margin trading, are losing money). addition, should note the multiplicity crypto-assets and the need create multiple accounts and pass through verification many exchanges start trading crypto- assets outside the most popular ones. the same time, all these exchanges provide trading service through the web interface (which rather inconvenient for professional traders) api. thus, can concluded that the crypto-currency market extremely immature for institutional investors the moment. see it, would extremely useful for the market increase liquidity making more approachable for major players from technical convenience, service and liquidity perspectives. all this would allow for bringing crypto-currencies and tokens closer the use the real world, which would accelerate their adoption and expansion into the level permanent integration into social and economic relations. this, our opinion, would contribute faster development the crypto-currency sector collaboration with business from other economy sectors. market problems problem solution low liquidity many trading pairs are low-liquid, which applies even popular crypto-assets. consequence, there are large spreads, the ability manage the market with small amount funds (in comparison with institutional stock exchanges). addition, there problem entering and quitting with large amounts, which significantly reduces the interest institutional investors the market. liquidity aggregation necessary take steps increase market liquidity various ways, i.e. connect liquidity providers and integrate multiple sites with single broker. this will allow broker's client immediately access all trading assets, which will allow the asset (on condition market interest it) easily obtain liquidity many participants who not need register new exchange transfer deposits, and on. regulation and transparency most crypto-instruments are not regulated. examples exchanges operating under the license japan (coincheck) luxembourg (bitstamp) are single. this leads ease market manipulation, money laundering and many other illegal transactions. all this leads difficulties and unwillingness institutional investor work with such platforms. creating transparent adjustable broker for the inflow institutional investors, maximum transparency and compliance with legislation necessary. the solution within the scope registration and obtaining necessary licenses the jurisdictions japan and others, well the conduct kyc aml procedures that comply with the standards traditional brokerage industry. this case, institutional clients will easily work with such services, both for speculative trading, and for purchases cryptoassets with physical delivery. complexity integration many exchanges work with api support, but they use different standards that are not suitable for professional software and trading terminals. this leads inconvenience the user and the complexity work professional trader the crypto-currency market. development technical solution integrate many exchanges, you need either transfer the entire industry new standard, which problematic, write your original software and install hardware (servers that collect data with minimal delay and send the user, well other special equipment). such technological solution will allow for integration all the necessary platforms into one interface, with minimum delays and maximum comfort for work. complicated access trading desired integration major crypto-exchanges asset into one terminal you look top- crypto-instruments, you will notice that the set tradable assets varies significantly from site site. this leads the need register various exchanges trade desired asset. addition, such distribution assets across different sites significantly reduces their possible liquidity, because order get access the liquidity each exchange necessary carry out the listing. usually takes long, expensive and the choice assets for listing some cases not transparent all. since the moment, cryptoexchanges are fact isolated from each other, each them has extremely limited liquidity that applies only the pairs that were listed this very exchange. firmly believe that very soon trader will not need register new exchange just buy specific cryptoasset. only the integration all significant crypto-sites within one interface (as see within professional terminal) the solution the problem. this will allow the trader work with one service and purchase all the necessary assets "on demand" mode. this will provide liquidity these assets (as many traders will have access them immediately) and reduce the dependence companies and blockchain projects listing their token specific exchange. unprofessional approach crypto-trading, despite rapid popularization and the inflow professionals from traditional markets, still designed for geeks and marginals. most exchanges have only web interface and its quality leaves much desired for professional trader. there are very little features related orders, special stops and other tools familiar trader. for the influx institutional investors, necessary introduce professional software and terminals into the industry. introduction professional tools the problem inconvenience for professional participants due poor development crypto-exchange services can solved only changing the approach more serious one. believe that the industry standard should fully-charged with trading pairs represented all crypto-assets from all leading crypto-exchanges. extremely high market volatility this problem fact superposition all the others. there market with limited liquidity, significant manipulative component and huge number nonprofessional participants, whose funds are captured big players through pump-dump schemes. for institutional investors, such market completely inappropriate and not interesting, despite the fact that many its representatives trade here individuals. complex solution the above problems solve the problem high market volatility the following steps are needed: regulation, transparency, high liquidity, professional participants. all these problems need solved comprehensive manner actually introducing new product suitable for institutional investors the industry. these issues have remained unresolved from the very formation cryptocurrency market and we've been experiencing all the time we've been this business. was logical for arbidex team who has extensive experience the markets for institutional investors and cryptocurrency market, create framework that solves the issues means its technical architecture. set the task create professional product that provides high-quality service trader and also solves industry issues, together with opportunities make profit for the users. arbidex team firmly believes that transition the market more mature stage will bring value and benefot all the participants. competitors analysis attempts create platform capable aggregating crypto-liquidity are being made and will continue made, because the market has obviously formed the demand. however, the moment are aware several projects that are positioned providers crypto-currency liquidity for exchanges and hedge funds, that is, they are purely solutions, for example bbx. several other projects also exist, but late november they have not yet been introduced the public, cannot make public comparison them. the closest competitor arbidex bbx that has recently completed the initial token offering. however, this project has main focus the corporate sector and providing liquidity institutional players. arbidex platform designed for wide range participants and does not require the unconditional use its tokens work with the service (unlike, for example, bbx), although provides significant advantages for traders who choose use abx tokens. addition, there number services arbidex platform that give user significant value that competitors can't boast it's service automated execution arbitrage chains, buying specific assets different exchanges with the most favorable market rate and number others. arbitrage process brief description the process inter-exchange arbitrage trading strategy that based the price difference the same asset(s) various exchanges. arbitrage opportunities are fact inefficiency the market, expressed, for example, the backlog the reaction certain exchanges drastic change the value asset, big difference spread different exchanges. addition, arbitrage opportunities open the event price difference asset obtained through chain purchases and sales via intermediate assets. this case, the difference prices during the passage the entire chain accumulates and becomes significant amount, which the cryptocurrency market currently reaches few percent (-%). such arbitrageopportunities exist for second, and for trader who implements bidding arbitrage strategies, constant search for opportunities and their implementation important. realization arbitrage opportunities the process implementing arbitrage strategies involves number complexities that require well-considered technical and program implementation achieve stable positive result: having deposits several leading exchanges (the more sites are covered, the better). availability specialized software that monitors arbitrage opportunities. having specific hardware (specially allocated and properly configured servers, with minimum ping, etc.) and software that integrates exchanges interacting with them. important note that all transactions must occur with minimum delay relation each other. also, the risk technical errors, failures and delays should minimized, can destroy the profit from the arbitrage transaction. example two arbitrage chains implemented the automatic mode deploying arbidex mvp platform: this example the btc-> eth-> etc-> btc exchange sequence was implemented, and the total profit from this transaction amounted .%, i.e. result this exchange chain, the amount btc increased compared those sent the chain just seconds. the profit this example appeared from small difference asset prices relative each other, and over exchange iteratioms this difference accumulated and became equal .%. important note that during each trading iteration there lot arbitrage opportunities with different capacities, includiing significantly greater capacity (the ability put more funds through this chain). arbidex algorithm engaged permanent search for arbitrage chains between exchanges order makeprofit. the question arises what the capacity the arbitrage opportunities? what amount funds needed exclude such opportunities (or reducing the profitability this activity the amount commissions for orders execution)? this question does not have simple answer, requires confidence fixing all the chains all the exchanges. such guarantee cannot provided any software (as well the fact that there was the chain that had time traded out until the software found it). the trend the market the following: the number crypto-exchanges and crypto assets constantly growing, and this growth much faster than the inflow new funds the market. result, the moment the arbitrage market will expand and the availability automated mechanism for searching and executing such opportunities excellent chance for low-risk earnings volatile crypto-market. the product description arbidex trading platform that aggregates crypto assets and liquidity one terminal from all key crypto-currency exchanges the world with the ability search and implement arbitrage opportunities. the platform able analyze thousands pairs crypto-currency and find the most profitable chains, earning from each. this means that each participant the platform has the following options: trading all crypto-assets that are listed the top crypto-exchanges from professional terminal, with the requirement register and verify only arbidex platform. working with arbitrage strategies with minimum technical difficulties and problems. arbidex this not harder than placing standard order the exchange. working with fiat input /withdrawal funds trusted jurisdiction. arbidex will comply with the legislation the jurisdictions presence much possible, all necessary licenses and permits will received and checking accounts respectable banks will opened. for arbidex legal compliance and reliability interaction one the business priorities. margin trading, social trading (the ability conduct forecasts and strategies, and verify them) and other tools needed some categories traders. savings exchange commissions. arbidex designed reduce the costs traders and increase their revenues. working the platform will reduce commissions -fold relative the standard exchange rate the market. the platform will make trading the crypto-currency market more comfortable and profitable for each participant. for example, any transaction for the purchase any traded crypto active can executed the most favorable proceeding from all connected exchanges. the same time, savings large amounts can reach significant values, especially long distances. the platform will receive commissions from profitable arbitrage transactions and commissions for execution standard orders. these commissions will lower than standard exchange ones offer discount commission the entrance the standard exchange rate (.% vs. .%) for any trader. when paying tokens, the commission reduced .%, and for premium tariff plans can reach and even less for certain transactions. background the team traders and technical specialists the project has years experience algorithmic trading and arbitration strategies traditional markets, and years the crypto-currency market (individual team members have more experience). had the idea making money arbitrage transactions and developing independent software and technical infrastructure increase the profitability trading back the development the exchange infrastructure for crypto-currency traders (compared, for example, with the forex market and other traditional markets) has been extremely low level development. this regard, developed special software for the integration exchanges and the implementation arbitrage strategies, which was tested privately our own deposits early spring after that received funds for management from number holders significant amounts crypto-currencies and fiat money increase capital with the help arbitrage strategies. currently, the amount funds under our management exceeds million, and the mvp platform has already been developed, accessible all newcomers private testing mode. for now there limited functionality, but you can already use your deposit for trading several exchanges the execution arbitrage strategies. you are trader and you are interested the possibility testing our product, please contact denis@arbidex.ch. the purpose the ico rapidly scale the platform and service with the simultaneous launch number processes, such obtaining the licenses and completing all legal procedures. addition, significant part the funds will allocated further development and solution infrastructure issues, marketing and involvement traders the platform (we already have traders who actively take advantage arbitrage trading and the integration exchanges, however, for rapid and large-scale development our business will need significant marketing budget). understand that the capacity the arbitrage market can significantly limited, but the implementation arbitrage processes only additional option. the main business process the aggregation liquidity and exchanges, the creation convenient environment for trade with professional interface and reduced commissions, attracting large investors the crypto-currency market. the platfoem earns mainly transactional model that successfully functions regardless the capacity the arbitrage market and the change operating conditions. technical part this section presented technical whitepaper, which will available starting from the day pre-ico. economic part this section describes the part related forecasting operation business model the platform. the platform commercial endeavor, and believe that important for our investors understand what how the platform will earning the funds for operation and development after spending the funds collected the ico for business scaling. the revenue the platform based on: share profits from successfully executed arbitrage transactions commissions for the execution customer orders share profits from arbitrage transactions virtue the ability track the actual difference between the rates traded currency pairs several exchanges, robot-system automatically makes transactions with accurately calculated effect based real data. both token holders and regular registered platform users receive system recommendations that rely the current course automatic trading and can perform arbitrage transactions using their own funds. the platform will deduct commission (the so-called "success fee") from the revenue such operation. this case, the commission for the holders the tokens will less than for regular users, and they will have access significantly larger amount deposit that can used work with arbitrage strategies. commission from transactions basic service commission for orders esecution all exchanges .%. the incoming commission -.% average for all exchanges (exchanges provide discounts commissions, since the company has large volumes and special cooperation agreements). thus, arbidex earns: estimation commission income for execution orders: average incoming commission (cost execution the order the cryptoexchange) (day) (.-x) volume_std, daily profit volume_std volume_all volume_vip, volume_vip customers with premium status and reduced commissions. assume that average the exchange's margin the commission (taking into account the deduction premium customers). assume that average income from one arbitrage chain .%, then average income for arbidex from each executed chain. let's consider scenarios and arbidex revenues based the averages shown above. the evaluation was carried out under scenarios negative, average and positive. negative btc trade volume, trading revenue from trading, btc btc trade volume, arbitrage revenue from arbitrage, btc total day month year average btc trade volume, trading revenue from trading, btc btc trade volume, arbitrage revenue from arbitrage, btc day month year total positive btc trade volume, trading revenue from trading, btc btc trade volume, arbitrage revenue from arbitrage, btc day month year total thus, even the event negative scenario, arbidex platform will have enough funds for operational activities and further development without additional funding from outside after implementing the tasks that the ico carried out for. during the evaluation economic indicators, the real statistics accumulated the team during six months working with mvp arbidex were used. calculations show that the platform business model profitable, and accumulated funds will sufficient for intensive development the platform and business growth after the ico. for our project ico only means accelerated entry into the mass market and scaling. tokensale token functions abx token used arbidex platform. access tool the platform, well internal accounting tool. envision the platform designed for professional community traders. hence members our community abx tokens owners will receiving enhanced platform functionality that allows them make extra profits from trading and arbitrage transactions, well the opportunity develop together with us. abx token has the following functional: access premium platform features. abx token means accessing the platform's premium features, such automated arbitrage large deposits, the lowest commission rate and number other pre-eminent functions. token internal settlement facility with integrated discount arbidex service. any trader who applies algorithmic strategies and, consequence, has large daily turnover, knows that the tangible part his income taken exchange commissions for the orders execution. arbidex platform provides the opportunity pay commissions using our tokens, which allows members our community tokens owners reduce exchange commissions least also abx tokens will accepted for payment for paid platform services with significant discount compared other payment methods. token the right participate the platform development. abx token does not represent share the company the option voting the payment dividends other principal issues, not equity. however, owners abx tokens can use them vote for listing delisting tokens the internal exchange: the assets that are traded the internal exchange will integrated into the interface and the list currency pairs. also, for the listing new tokens new ico-projects, auction listing system will introduced. the bids this auction can made only abx tokens. unlike other platforms dealing with the listing tokens rather vague operational mode with almost zero transparency for large contributions btc, propose different strategy listing tokens truly interesting projects useful for the community projects, the potential which really appreciated the industry and experts. this case, the decision made with the maximum consideration the platform investors' opinion (i.e. tokens owners), but the final decision made the platform (legal factors are taken into account, such unauthorized listing token with essential security attributes may lead the closure the platform regulators). token use: tokens amount necessary obtain specific status: basic upgraded silver gold ultimate deposit tokens, abx deposit arbitrage, btc million $). collecting trading statistics, optimizing software. starting the development automated non-fiat system with the implementation complex arbitrage chains. integration leading crypto-exchanges. stage september full-stack launch automated non-fiat abitrage system for the implementation complex arbitration strategies. successful integration exchanges one interface. connecting number traders outside the project test the work the platform being created. the deposit used arbitrage strategies daily reached million, part the funds was received trust from private investors for arbitrage strategies. stage november, implementation ready-made website prototype for the mass platform use with the ability register users. the launch system that takes into account five main crypto assets and the arbitrage opportunities arising between them for mass testing private invitations. the system works successfully and consistently. conventionally named project mvp. stage november, expanding the capabilities the prototype terms listed currencies and sites. each registered user able purchase the desired crypto assets the most favorable rate taking into account information from number leading exchanges. the speed issuing arbitrage chains available for implementation limited time seconds test mode. stage december, arbidex pre-sale start. professional trading and arbitration will soon available the first investors arbidex project scaling (according the plan). planned stages the project: step january, listing the abx token the internal exchange the project. release the full functionality the arbidex platform. entering tokens the platform, obtaining all benefits for token holders, including arbitrage. step february release the prototype application ios and android. step february, adding new crypto-exchanges. acquisition equipment necessary for technical operation the platform series and server capacities. the speed issuing arbitration chains time per second. step february implementation the token voting function. the same time, all investors arbidex scaling receive all the advantages mvp, which are available immediately after the ico according the amount purchased abx tokens, giving access various platform functions that are not available ordinary users. step march the beginning using the service with fiat money. step march listing the first ico tokens the internal exchange. step april obtaining licenses for working with crypto currency and exchange licenses europe, asia and america. legal and technological due dilligence platform. step june arbidex platform licensed japan and number other countries, openng offices the netherlands, japan, switzerland. institutional investors are able enter and withdraw the currency. module for implementing arbitrage strategies using fiat currencies was launched. arbidex launches exchange module after testing. now users can also trade pairs traded directly arbidex platform, with the tokens and the crypto-currency listing the internal trading framework made the process voting, taking into account the opinions users and platform investors. step december further development the platform and the active development decentralized exchange with the aim enabling the trading assets without trust our platform exchange based the current cross-chain interaction technologies. based their experience, arbidex team understands how volatile the industry is, therefore, adequate business planning such dynamic industry for more than oneyear incorrect. this time, according the plan, the platform will enter the market japan, south korea, the eu, switzerland and number other countries and will actively working with institutional investors. addition, the platform will have positive impact crypto-currency market, setting new professional standards work, both from the legal and the equipment, software, liquidity and service sides. use funds the funds collected during the ico will allocated follows: marketing. the budget allocated for the creation and launch advertising campaigns designed quickly scale the audience the project. the main task involve professional market participants and work with institutional partners. liquidity. ensure uninterrupted operation and immediate execution orders for the sale purchase crypto-currency, cash reserve each the connected exchanges needed. the development the project infrastructure. arbidex infrastructure includes set technical solutions necessary for the smooth operation the project, for the availability the exchange and other modules the platform operating protection from ddos attacks. licenses and other legal fees the budget allocaated for the registration companies the necessary jurisdictions and obtaining exchange licenses for work. planned obtain licenses japan and number other countries for trading crypto-currencies. one the principles arbidex maximum transparency and compliance with legislation. this necessary receive fiat money, well legal protection investors and project users. the development the the funds will used develop and upgrade existing solution based mvp. planned finalize the arbitrage system, exchange interface, backend, number certain services, integration with professional terminals. part the money will developing mobile platforms for trading: ios and andoid. the management ensure strategic management the project requires budget for management personnel and top management. the staff. the budget includes funds pay staff support users hours day. support will provided english. the number languages tech-support will gradually expand, based the requests users the system. team the project team has trading experience more than years traditional markets and years (individual team members have more than years experience crypto-market. the experience asset management crypto-market more than years, with the volume assets the moment exceeding million per month. the team consists professional traders, financiers, developers block-making solutions, marketers, corporate lawyers and other professionals with high level competence their field. our expertise allowed create stable operating economic model, which already works and brings profit such exchanges bittrex, poloniex, bitfinex, kraken, wex. ceo: kamilya arslanova kamilya entrepreneur and private investor blockchain projects. she has blog about crypto investments. co-founder crypto-assets fund, the head blockchain energy project. latin america business development: manuel rimarachin diaz segundo head major projects the field finance and cryptocurrency the region la. expert trading and business development. token economy specialist: vasily sumanov ico expert, blockchain-analyst, researcher and developer digital assets circulation systems. expert the international rating agency icobench, blockchain-analyst bytex, advisor micromoney project that raised .mln creator economic and business models for number blockchain- startups. blockchain enthusiast since with extensive experience trading the crypto-currency market, active researcher post-industrial economy. cmo: maria stankevich more than years experience pr. the past was the head the department for public relations invent. head the digital division inter rao. account director, snmg. back-end developer: anton abazin head department such companies as: tashir, multiretail, kapricci. front-end developer: denis pizhevsky lead front-end developer salesforce. education: msu. risks the participation the arbidex project and its initial token offering (ito) may potentially bring about the following risks: risk interaction with stock exchanges. exchange can restrict access its trading functionality through api. potentially arbidex service can regarded the exchanges competitor with more convenient and expanded functionality. reduce the outflow customers, the exchange can block access specific addresses. this can create temporary inconvenience potential arbidex users and disrupt the service. risks hacking closing down the exchanges. potentially, the arbidex project carries the risk that exchanges may cease fulfill their obligations users and completely cease their operations. arbidex cannot influence the activity exchanges. this case, the risk minimized gradually connection the most liquid exchanges with positive reputation. however, case unexpected closure fraud particular cryptoexchange, some the users' deposits may suffer. technical risks. the arbidex project carries risks associated with the technical implementation inter-exchange trading functionality. there are risks delay the execution orders and execution arbitrage operations after the profit opportunity was closed, due change the exchange rate. this risk minimized constant tests and changes the algorithm the service. political risks. the introduction fiat money and operating the platform worldwide involves political risks. the jurisdiction where the operations are carried out, the political situation and, therefore, the attitude crypto-projects may change. risk minimized through the use multiple jurisdictions and professional teams corporate lawyers this case the risk significantly reduced. economic risks. there uncontrolled risk sharp decline, collapse other disastrous changes the situation the crypto-currency market, not related the activities arbidex. these risks may entail the depreciation customer deposits the fiat form, the difficulty withdrawing the assets fiat, freezing assets crypto-exchanges until the resolution crisis arising from their own fault, well other risks. conclusion within the framework this whitepaper, arbidex team examined the cryptocurrency market and its current issues. solve them and establish the market more mature and approachable institutional investors, complex work needed solve number problems: increasing and integration liquidity, regulation, transparency and introduction professional tools. arbidex platform acting one the products that solves these problems with its functionality and architecture business building (in terms legal framework). addition professional trading tools, compliance and other functionality that allows trading the platform for professional traders and investors, the platform also provides technical opportunity for automated execution arbitrage chains, which provides additional opportunity make profit for the customers. the moment, there analogue such product the public domain. the platform team launches token with fully functioning mvp with rapidly growing community customers; the goal ico quickly scale and build professional network traders. our goal make each trader's participation our platform valuable possible due significant reduction commissions, ease use with professional software and earnings for the implementation arbitrage opportunities that arise constantly dynamically developing crypto-currency market.