arionum www.arionum.com arionum aims offer simple and secure solution the growing need for faster and cheaper online payments. the goal easy, fast, secure and for the mining democratically spread across non-professional miners. today's cryptocurrency market dominated the first cryptocurrency, bitcoin and the first smart cryptocurrency, ethereum. each cryptocurrency aimed solve specific problem. bitcoin's aim was replace online payments with cheaper, anonymous and secured solution, while ethereum's goal was create blockchain service due its smart-contracts functionality. bitcoin has managed mostly reach its goal, accepted new vendors each day. but the growth acceptance and popularity also showed some weaknesses its protocol. first, the transaction fees have skyrocketed the network became more and more congested, especially for smaller-size transactions. second, the mining algorithm, which based the sha hashing method, has proven easily solved specialized hardware, moving the mining power from the average user specialized mining farms owned just few, which leads inequality and loss trust the cyptocurrency. arionum tries solve these bitcoin limitations using variable block size, which starts just transactions per block but increases the average transactions number each time the last blocks are filled the maximum transactions number. the specialized hardware issue solved using combination argoni password hashing, algorithm made resistant against gpu and specialized hardware, and sha hashing for extra security. this means the mining best done using the cpu, allowing the average user mine without investing specialized hardware graphic cards and the same time, penalizing the professional miners that have huge graphic card farms. the fee problem solved having fixed fee any transaction, therefore offering much smaller fee per transaction than any other electronic payment system the world. ethereum's smart-contracts functionality has been huge success, allowing many companies build software ethereum's blockchain. the main product was the tokens used ico (initial coin offerings) which leveled the playing field for small companies looking for funding. the main problem the hard implementation for nonprogrammers and the risks fraud due bad implementations the smart contracts. arionum hopes create different model, where the tokens are created graphical interface, with specific functionality and extra security procedures place, allowing any non-technical user able create token matter minutes. the proposed system similar nxt's implementation assets. arionum uses the blockchain technology, where each new block generated using the unique identifier the previous block, allowing the transactions eternally locked place tamper-proof way. each block generated, average, every four minutes. the miners compete get the first nonce and argon nonce combination, along with some extra hashing and division against the difficulty that results number less than the first miner submit the combination node wins the block and starts the block generation and propagation the network. transaction considered confirmed after new blocks have been generated after the block containing the transaction. this done ensure that the anti-forking system does not reverse the block containing the transaction. the mining reward starts coins per block and decreased the starting value every blocks (approximately every month). this roughly translates years and months mining, after which the network will self-sustainable due the transaction fees. the reward system will generate total coins during its lifetime. each customer can generate wallet (or more) using the php based cli light wallet, the gui light wallet, the node's api creating his own software based the functions described the node. each standard wallet contains one public private key pair and the wallet's address derived from the public key. the keypair generated using the ecdsa's secpk curve signing algorithm, based php's openssl implementation. one the main advantages arionum that was fully written php, one the most popular programming languages the world. while php not fast c++ for example, the high number developers that can easily understand and develop php and arionum compensates for this. arionum will fair, fast, secure and reliable solution for the end user.