ark ecosystem whitepaper google docs ark ecosystem whitepaper version april https://docs.google.com/document/d/pbbkjrbffdlsscrtpprudie_ufzublfo_/edit ark ecosystem whitepaper google docs ark ecosystem whitepaper abstract: ark empowers everyone, regardless their aim technical background, quickly and easily leverage blockchain technology. our whitepaper will identify the well known problems within the blockchain industry and illustrate how ark technology solves them. this current landscape hype and empty promises, ark acts beacon for individuals, enterprises, and communities who wish make real difference and apply blockchain technology reach their individual goals well improve society. ark offers technology stack, unique its simplicity, create and deploy standalone blockchains for any use case. these newly created blockchains will have the ability interoperate through ark smartbridge technology. ark also turning smart contracts their head with what called ark logic, collection tools including custom transaction types, templates, and plugins. this brings decentralized computing and workflows into more secure, adaptable, and scalable environment. most importantly, the ark ecosystem fosters growing international community developers, node operators, blockchains, businesses, and enthusiasts, breathing life into this breakthrough technology. the whitepaper fluid and ark open community feedback. for deeper technical dive into ark technology, visit docs.ark.io. version https://docs.google.com/document/d/pbbkjrbffdlsscrtpprudie_ufzublfo_/edit ark ecosystem whitepaper google docs ark ecosystem whitepaper table contents introduction state the industry eliminating the barriers entry ark the perfect starting point blockchain trilemma blockchains have problems ark's approach the blockchain trilemma ark core values simplicity security speed scalability sovereignty support ark public network the ark mainnet consensus mechanism ark inflation mechanics balancing decentralization and performance preventing collusion delegate services ark network uses role the ark public network peer-to-peer cryptocurrency medium exchange for ark mainnet services convenience interoperability liquidity for small and large ark bridgechains payment method for plugin marketplace payment method for delegate and talent marketplace open source software ark technology open source oss becoming the world standard oss brings benefits building ecosystem ark core about ark core dynamic fees transaction types multisignature protocol ark core cli core plugins modular architecture version https://docs.google.com/document/d/pbbkjrbffdlsscrtpprudie_ufzublfo_/edit ark ecosystem whitepaper google docs ark ecosystem whitepaper ark webhooks ark core docker ark snapshot manager ark utilities ark peripherals expanding core ark software development kits ark test suite ark explorer ark desktop wallet ark mobile wallet ark pay ark deployer cli ark deployer gui ark logic bitcoin scripts ethereum virtual machine smart contracts example smart contract immutability smart contract bloat smart contract complexity ark logic solution smart contracts ark logic flexible ark logic scalable ark logic simple ark smartbridge technology the need interoperate bridgechain protocol ark-ark smartbridge technology ark-any smartbridge technology ark business strategy business strategy introduction ark scic business entity ark team moving customer value centric approach transformation into digital marketplace industries interest outreach conclusion blockchains are here stay what the future holds for ark get involved resources references version https://docs.google.com/document/d/pbbkjrbffdlsscrtpprudie_ufzublfo_/edit ark ecosystem whitepaper google docs ark ecosystem whitepaper introduction state the industry are ten years into the decentralization revolution, since the publication satoshi nakamoto's paper and the introduction the first decentralized solution solve the problem double spending digital networks []. currently, are moving through the phase disillusionment where interest wanes experiments and implementations fail deliver. producers the technology either succeed give up. blockchain projects are now moving from experimentation around decentralized technologies complete solutions including consensus mechanisms, identity, data structures, crypto-economic designs and smart contracts. order deliver truly world-changing results with blockchain technology, must easy access for the majority developers, users, governments, and businesses alike []. eliminating the barriers entry ark looking eliminate the barriers entry the blockchain space that are caused the immense complexity the technology. are making that reality steering our efforts toward meeting the needs enterprises, start-ups, and developers our prime customer base. ark aims become global backbone decentralized application-centric blockchains, which call bridgechains, which will allow them either work with each other stay isolated their own environment. chains that need exchange data expand their business models and use cases will find very beneficial utilize our global highway decentralized communication layer, thus unlocking the full power web ark the perfect starting point the ark ecosystem ideal environment for future blockchain developers. ark will allow them customize sovereign blockchain for their needs, complete with the required feature sets their fingertips. ark's value proposition lies within the core platform and the utility various services, such connecting different blockchains, introducing custom business logic, developing new tailored transaction types, accessing global support system through the community, and much more. ark has six core values that act the compass which ark navigates the rough seas blockchain, but first, it's important explore the current issues and challenges with blockchain technology. version https://docs.google.com/document/d/pbbkjrbffdlsscrtpprudie_ufzublfo_/edit ark ecosystem whitepaper google docs ark ecosystem whitepaper blockchain trilemma blockchains have problems looking the first wave blockchain platforms, well-known set issues and challenges have arisen []. these issues include: scalability, handling large volumes transactions high speed interoperability, independent chains exchanging value and instructions sustainability, creating self-sufficient and self-governing environments all the above challenges are tightly coupled with the blockchain trilemma, identified the balancing act blockchains face between scalability, security, and decentralization. took this trilemma very seriously when set out develop the ark technology stack. all three properties are linked, meaning want increase one property, will most likely force tradeoffs with others. for example, the bitcoin network optimizes for security and decentralization the expense scalability. bitcoin scalability issues became apparent with the high transaction fees the network saw late []. one approach bitcoin taking resolve the issue the advent layer two solutions like the lightning network []. ark's approach the blockchain trilemma believe ark true balance scalability, security, and decentralization. ark addressing scalability through multi-chain approach and ark smartbridge technology. defined business processes with high complexity can run and supported bridgechain, and only its results would transferred back the main chain. security takes shape through modified version delegated proof-of-stake, where token holders determine which nodes are deemed worthy secure each network, and nodes with the power create forge new blocks are constant flux. decentralization left the needs the system architects, ark's flexible technology can expand include thousands nodes, contract few high-powered nodes capable breakneck performance. developers using ark technology have the power optimize each network needed. ark's six core values come together allow ark tackle the blockchain trilemma. version https://docs.google.com/document/d/pbbkjrbffdlsscrtpprudie_ufzublfo_/edit ark ecosystem whitepaper google docs ark ecosystem whitepaper ark core values simplicity ark believes first and foremost that order facilitate widespread use blockchain technology, must made simple both for users and developers. ark takes this statement even further integrating into the fabric its tools, projects, and products. ark casting very wide net capture many people possible, and they will able deploy blockchain technology solve their problems and realize their visions. just android brings mobile development the masses open source environment, does ark, with its software development kits, lean and stable core, versatile plugins, and intuitive user interfaces. simplicity the cornerstone ark's core values. security today's world infrastructure brings with risks and vulnerabilities. blockchains mitigate these risks achieving security through decentralization. blockchain technology offers unique blend cryptography, peer-to-peer networks, and reward incentives. this results users retaining their power while simultaneously removing weak points like data silos, honeypots, middle men, and various attack vectors. ark has brought advantage over proof-of-work networks like bitcoin, allowing network remain secure even when small. this achieved through ark's unique recipe the delegated proof-of-stake consensus algorithm. speed order achieve optimal decentralization, peer-to-peer networks like blockchains must trade off performance that often enjoyed centralized architectures. when millions users trust one data source, that source can scale needed handle the load. when that trust not option, however, performance must scale down accommodate additional independent data sources. ark offers high-performance blockchain technology, proven through fast eight second block times the ark public network. this speed can adjusted needed for each bridgechain according design requirements. version https://docs.google.com/document/d/pbbkjrbffdlsscrtpprudie_ufzublfo_/edit ark ecosystem whitepaper google docs ark ecosystem whitepaper scalability the consensus mechanism ark uses comes with built-in scaling advantages. delegated proof-of-stake means that nodes conserve resources and scale needed handle throughput demand. the network does not rely every single endpoint meet performance requirements, end users are not running full nodes. instead, they run lite clients and use their stake the network assign responsibility nodes they deem worthy secure and run the network. this keeps power users' hands while simultaneously creating highly scalable environment. ark technology can also customized achieve higher performance through custom parameters, configurations, and network layouts. enabling people create their own unique blockchains, they receive tailored solution while simultaneously contributing ecosystem linked chains. this removes bottlenecks caused the 'one chain, many solutions' approach. sovereignty ark believes that organization, community, other entity should able create network utility and governance without relying external rules limitations. this goes against the current trend, where one main blockchain network offers leased solutions that require interaction with that main network. this leased approach not dissimilar countries colonizing regions and then asserting dominion over them from afar, but has never been known work over the long term. eventually, colonies seek sovereignty forge their own future, and this rings true distributed networks well. the scaling limitations and imposed governance 'one size fits all' blockchains will turn sour for disparate communities and organizations aiming achieve and retain independence. newly created blockchains can freely engage with each other and the ark public network. support deploying blockchain technology that easy use and deploy still brings with the need for easy access support and help. with the ark public network, community developers and organizations have place hone their skills and offer them other entities who may need help deploying ark technology their selected destination. community developers work hand-in-hand with the ark team evolve ark's codebase. ark public network delegates have become experts ark network maintenance and security. ark community members and delegates launch services that enhance the toolset ark offers. incubators and consultancy firms can offer solutions and guidance new projects. choosing ark blockchain solution means access large talent pool support. version https://docs.google.com/document/d/pbbkjrbffdlsscrtpprudie_ufzublfo_/edit ark ecosystem whitepaper google docs ark ecosystem whitepaper ark public network the ark mainnet the ark public network, also known the "ark mainnet" first came online march st, []. that time, million ark was created genesis block. the genesis delegates created initialize the network were quickly replaced live delegates who acquired community support the form votes and began securing the network. shortly thereafter, block rewards were initialized the protocol, rewarding forging delegates each time new transactions enter the ledger. the ark mainnet operates independently the ark business entity, which simply releases code that the ark mainnet delegates choose either accept reject. the november the ark mainnet upgraded from the now deprecated codebase the newly developed codebase introducing multitude improvements the network, developers, and end users ark among very small group teams the blockchain space that has developed entire blockchain based experience the founding members address real-life business needs and expectations, rather than simply forking and modifying someone else's code. consensus mechanism recent fall technical paper entitled "the latest gossip byzantine fault tolerant consensus" had this say: "consensus one the fundamental problems and driving forces distributed computing. important because its role state machine replication (smr), generic approach for replicating data that can modeled deterministic state machine. the key idea this approach that node replicas start the same initial state, and then execute requests (also called transactions) the same order; thereby guaranteeing that node replicas stay sync with each other. the role consensus the smr approach ensuring that all replicas receive and execute transactions the same order. []" the ark mainnet's consensus algorithm known delegated proof stake, dpos. this enables ark have high-performance blockchain with block times eight seconds, while simultaneously maintaining global decentralization and keeping the power the users' hands. holders ark use their wallets vote for version https://docs.google.com/document/d/pbbkjrbffdlsscrtpprudie_ufzublfo_/edit ark ecosystem whitepaper google docs ark ecosystem whitepaper delegates who secure the network, insert blocks into the ledger, and create new ark. the ark mainnet's implementation dpos special compared other dpos projects, because its forging delegates and ark vote configuration solves two serious issues- namely, too much centralization due insufficient node count, and delegate groups that can assert dominance over the network due multivoting. ark inflation mechanics every eight seconds, two new ark are created and awarded the delegate that forged that block. each block forged delegate turn, according randomly chosen slot within round. with forging delegates, each round lasts seconds. each round also randomized help combat attacks delegates. delegate prepared when their turn, new block forged and two ark awarded. delegate not ready forge their turn, results missed block and two new ark cannot created. this incentivizes uptime. barring missed blocks, the network has the capability generate ark per year. the steady generation fixed amount ark means that the annual inflation rate steadily declines towards zero with each passing year. this predictable and programmatically controlled, unlike fiat inflation []. balancing decentralization and performance the fewer nodes there are, the more risk centralization exists. however, too many nodes can impact network performance. bitcoin's slow block times, for example, allow for very large number nodes reach consensus without much struggle. the ark mainnet strikes balance between decentralization and performance using forging nodes. these forgers work concert with what are known relay nodes, which also maintain copies the ledger and act the contact points for lite clients. aside from node distribution, responsibility for decentralization also assigned ark holders the form voting power. each ark wallet can execute special transaction that assigns the weight the ark that wallet delegate. this process does not transfer ownership the ark the wallet the delegate- simply acts quantifiable show support from the ark holder that the delegate deserves top position. all the ark voting weight the network tallied up, ranks the delegates determine which should allowed forge new ark and secure the network. version https://docs.google.com/document/d/pbbkjrbffdlsscrtpprudie_ufzublfo_/edit ark ecosystem whitepaper google docs ark ecosystem whitepaper delegate begins acting erratically dishonestly, voting weight can assigned away from that delegate the voters, allowing different delegate become one the top and fill the position. this creates dynamic environment where the nodes who have the power secure the network are constant flux community opinion shifts and new delegates enter the space. preventing collusion some dpos architectures allow for multivoting []. this means that wallet with coins can assign vote weight' multiple delegates once. this produced interesting result where the entire list delegates wallet voting for public, and delegates could collude group and use social engineering disincentivize holders from voting for anyone other than specific group. this would essentially guarantee the delegate group's power and permanence the network. with ark, one holder who wishes vote for multiple delegates would have split that ark into multiple addresses, each voting for different delegate. this would turn reduce the voting weight per delegate, and obscure the ownership the wallets, preventing collusion the protocol level. delegate services delegate's role first and foremost secure the network, but differentiate themselves, ark mainnet delegates often pledge run various services beyond securing the network, play garner support and votes. these services may include development and testing, public resources and tools that utilize the ark mainnet, faucets, bounty programs, outreach, art, games, media creation, events, research, and other unique services. this creates dynamic landscape options for voters, and voting plays role the future direction the network. also brings sustainability the network, where multiple independent organizations form the network that collaborate towards the common goal network growth. the socioeconomic impact this concept translates any community that uses ark technology for their blockchain. version https://docs.google.com/document/d/pbbkjrbffdlsscrtpprudie_ufzublfo_/edit ark ecosystem whitepaper google docs ark ecosystem whitepaper ark network uses role the ark public network the ark mainnet not intended operate similarly other networks the blockchain space, where multiple layers coexist. some other public networks, base communication layer with incentivization protocol acts foundation for decentralized application layer some kind- storage, cpu-as-a-service, tokenization, smart contracts, some similar layer. while ark technology highly extensible through plugins, modules, and transaction types, the purpose the ark mainnet remain unbloated, lean, and fast. using ark products such the ark deployer, other ark based blockchains will appear the ark ecosystem handle specialized tasks necessary. these newly created chains will then connect back the ark mainnet using ark smartbridge technology. the ark mainnet intended take limited specialized functions only needed, facilitate the ark mainnet the hub the ark ecosystem. the purpose the ark mainnet includes, but not limited to, the below examples. peer-to-peer cryptocurrency its core, the ark public network hosts global cryptocurrency called ark that can used for storing and transferring value, similar bitcoin. bob can send alice ark much faster and cheaper than bitcoin. moreover, ark can act unifying medium exchange needed within the ark ecosystem, due its reach and liquidity. with the advent the ark pay module well ever-evolving, intuitive lite clients, ark well positioned effective network for both store-of-value and value transfer. medium exchange for ark mainnet services delegates that reach forging status the ark mainnet may deploy services that either award accept ark. for example, delegate running bounty campaigns can easily pay bounty recipients ark exchange for providing value the ark ecosystem through development, design, outreach. delegates that deploy integrate their own platforms that use the ark mainnet could accept ark for their services. for example, large e-tailer could deploy node and gather votes enter forging status. they would then accept ark their e-tailer website for their wares, and offer big discounts ark holders and perks their voters. when goods version https://docs.google.com/document/d/pbbkjrbffdlsscrtpprudie_ufzublfo_/edit ark ecosystem whitepaper google docs ark ecosystem whitepaper services are exchanged, the difference from discount could offset using their delegate wallet, which generates new ark. this would theoretically result type 'discount faucet,' increasing their sales simply running forging node and accepting ark, all without actually reducing margins. this example, the ark community benefits overall from the increased adoption and enjoys lower prices. convenience interoperability reasonable expect that ark based blockchains will have use cases that benefit ark mainnet users. these use cases can then appear the ark wallets the form plugin. when ark users wish interact with that other use case, they can without leaving the ark wallet. the number available use cases within the ark wallet grows, too does the convenience and utility ark. while newly created blockchains can also choose list fiat crypto exchanges give users access tokens, ark's approach reduces both the steps required and the risk for the end user, all while simultaneously preserving the bridgechains' sovereignty. this mechanism can extend beyond bridgechain coins into bridgechain non-fungible tokens, for example, where nfts become available for acquisition via smartbridge. imagine video game launching blockchain with fixed number specific types weapons, items, and powerups genesis. the assets could then freely exchanged both within the bridgechain microcosm question via smartbridge using ark. take notice that this arrangement parallel chains reduces bloat the ark mainnet significantly not entirely. liquidity for small and large ark bridgechains when brand new blockchain surrounding community formed, usually creates uphill battle offer basic services for liquidity. they would need get listed reputable exchanges, which can take long time and even incur listing fees and other red tape. the new community would also subject the inconvenience and risk dealing with small fly-by-night exchanges, which are also subject hacks and theft. moreover, successful exchange macrocosm only gives more power these exchanges. the long run, decentralized exchange the best method, but suffers from liquidity issues. ark smartbridge technology can step reliable first stage for decentralized exchange assets and price discovery. the intertwining ark bridgechains with the overall ark ecosystem and ark mainnet creates momentum that benefits everyone. version https://docs.google.com/document/d/pbbkjrbffdlsscrtpprudie_ufzublfo_/edit ark ecosystem whitepaper google docs ark ecosystem whitepaper payment method for plugin marketplace the modular structure ark technology creates the potential for marketplace plugins grow, both the form core plugins and lite client plugins. while most ark technology open-source and comes with boilerplate mit-style licenses, this may not true for all plugins. both the ark business entity and third parties have the ability develop premium plugins which will capable generating streams income the form licensing. license management and fees can handled on-chain using the ark mainnet and bridgechain registration, well other specialized transaction types. similar android spawning marketplace for third parties generate revenue streams, too can third parties generate similar streams using premium plugins and licensing. the medium exchange for such marketplace will ark. plugin developers will incentivized accept ark, will further the adoption the very technology they utilize. payment method for delegate and talent marketplace similar the plugin marketplace, there will growing need for talent and human services the ark ecosystem evolves. for example, public networks launching new ark based blockchains well commercial interests launching tokenless blockchains using the intuitive ark deployer may need assistance handing off genesis delegates, customizing their chain beyond what the ark deployer can offer, both. this becomes especially interesting with private enterprise chains. they may wish distribute node ownership across both their internal organization and external operators the interest accountability. this instance, delegates and delegate teams well versed ark technology can accept ark coins from these enterprises, exchange for running tokenless nodes and offering consulting services. even within reason that private enterprises may wish outsource all node operations delegates the public marketplace, and simply distribute ark the delegates for the services running tokenless enterprise chains. version https://docs.google.com/document/d/pbbkjrbffdlsscrtpprudie_ufzublfo_/edit ark ecosystem whitepaper google docs ark ecosystem whitepaper open source software ark technology open source open source software (oss) type computer software whose source code released under license which the copyright holder grants users the right study, change, and distribute the software anyone and for any purpose. anyone allowed create modifications it, port new operating systems and instruction set architectures, share with others, some cases, even market it. free and open source software development models have made possible enable teamwork between previously unacquainted people who can help each other and follow common goal []. oss becoming the world standard according study infosys, more than percent enterprises run open source while fewer than three percent indicate they don't rely open source software any way. companies are the phase big shift and transformation the oss arena with healthy and positive mindset that open source software gains strategic value. big companies like walmart, ge, merck, goldman sachs, google, and facebook are also analyzing and moving towards open source. oss can seen first approach for enterprise architecture []. oss brings benefits ark realized this from the start, and the result one the strongest open source communities the crypto space. the benefits the oss model are clearly visible, with reduced costs, improved quality, and quicker time market. any developer business wishes develop solutions using ark technology, there always someone available and willing help out. due the inherent nature oss, the code more secure, constantly exposed and under public scrutiny []. building ecosystem ark prides itself identifying ecosystem. ecosystem can defined community living organisms and nonliving components. the living organism ark's strong, capable, and resilient community, growing every day worldwide. non-living components are presented the form ark projects, tools, products, and peripherals. ark's work process built around distributed best practices, which are promoted and used github and other big open source endeavors. ark open source code free for use under the mit oss license []. version https://docs.google.com/document/d/pbbkjrbffdlsscrtpprudie_ufzublfo_/edit ark ecosystem whitepaper google docs ark ecosystem whitepaper ark core about ark core order prepare for the next generation deployable dpos blockchains, became apparent that was imperative rethink the legacy code inherited, and move completely new codebase written from scratch. monitoring the ark public network, and with the experience gained during development, several key elements were identified the base design that could optimized. now, ark has released the new codebase operational the ark public network late []. the new architecture has been completely rethought decouple delegate forging activity, transaction pool management, and api interface separate threads. transactions will need pass complete spv (simple payment verification) separate process server before hitting the mempool, completely sandboxing the activity the node against attacks []. ark core lightweight but very powerful codebase that functions the base component the entire ark ecosystem. authored typescript, the ark core was developed from the ground with extensive modular architecture empower developers modify, configure extend all aspects the codebase with ease. now that all inherited legacy code purged, the ark business entity sees little future need for another bottom-up redesign. ark's modular architecture will handle all further evolution the ark core. dynamic fees the ark core uses custom implementation dynamic fees within dpos network model the protocol level. this not common dpos networks any stretch, and heralded large step forward for dpos. the creation fee marketplace between users and delegates empowers the network frugal, resilient, and responsive. dynamic fees benefit both the end users and the delegates that secure the network. the end user will benefit from the network accepting lower fees delegates compete with each other. transactions with higher fee will more likely post faster. dynamic fees will also assist the delegates providing defense from potential attack vectors such spam attacks. delegates can also customize fees per transaction type []. version https://docs.google.com/document/d/pbbkjrbffdlsscrtpprudie_ufzublfo_/edit ark ecosystem whitepaper google docs ark ecosystem whitepaper transaction types the ark core accommodates various transaction types, and has the ability service new custom transaction types via ark logic. below are some the transaction types that are currently utilized within core planned for the future. transfer. the transfer transaction enables user broadcast transaction the network sending ark tokens from one ark wallet another. this transaction type provides the utility store-of-value and value transfer. within this transaction type also special data field bytes called the vendor field, allowing raw data, code plain text stored the blockchain. the vendor field also utilized ark smartbridge technology. the vendor field public and immutable []. second signature registration. this transaction type enables user add extra layer security their address with the creation second passphrase, using mnemonic code for generating deterministic keys via bip-, creating additional words []. once second signature has been registered wallet, the owner the wallet will then required input their primary and secondary passphrase when sending transaction the network []. delegate registration. user organization can register their address become delegate and secure the network. upon accumulating sufficient vote weight, the delegate will begin forging transactions and receiving block rewards. the delegate assigns custom name their address differentiate from other delegates []. vote unvote. key feature the ark dpos model that each address can vote for one delegate their choosing secure the network. result, vote and unvote transaction type necessary enable this functionality. once address votes for delegate, funds can enter and leave the address needed and vote weight adjusts automatically. voting does not send funds the delegate's ark address question- only assigns vote weight []. version https://docs.google.com/document/d/pbbkjrbffdlsscrtpprudie_ufzublfo_/edit ark ecosystem whitepaper google docs ark ecosystem whitepaper timelock. transaction this type acts simple logic function that restricts the spending amount ark specified address until predefined future time block height met. this useful for hash-based contracts and payment channels []. multipayments. this type designed reduce the payload the blockchain enabling multiple payments combined together and broadcast the network single transaction. this will benefit the end user and delegates lowering transaction fees per payment and reducing congestion. initially, the ark core will allow sixteen payments combined together within single transaction. however, the number payments per transaction can scaled needed []. delegate resignation. this transaction type will enable delegates block potential voters from voting for them they choose withdraw their efforts being delegate. non-reversible transaction can sent the network indicate the delegate should longer included any future forging rounds []. ipfs. this transaction type utilizes special data field similar the vendor field store interplanetary file system data the blockchain. this provides easy way timestamp and optionally encrypt and verify files. this implementation the ipfs transaction type won't allow storing data the blockchain- for that, special ipfs nodes are needed []. business registration. this transaction type enables users and businesses register the ark mainchain. more information this defined section bridgechain registration. this transaction type requires the business registration first and gives users and businesses access the ark deployer suite for bridgechain launching. more information this defined section more transaction types can implemented into core based community need, and the ark public network can pick and choose which transaction types version https://docs.google.com/document/d/pbbkjrbffdlsscrtpprudie_ufzublfo_/edit ark ecosystem whitepaper google docs ark ecosystem whitepaper support, keep the network lean and direct traffic bridgechains needed. consult roadmap.ark.io for status updates various transaction types. multisignature protocol the ark core will implement multisignature protocol, multisig, redesigned from the legacy version. ark's multisignature implementation will require multiple keys authorize ark transaction broadcast the network. this implementation will enable users, developers and businesses divide responsibility possession ark tokens. practical implementation multisig can found large bitcoin exchanges, where trusted group individuals controls keys one single wallet/address. for example, exchange controls cold wallet containing ark. this exchange could implement '-of-' multisig which would give six separate passphrases for one address. this address will only allowed send transactions three out six keys sign, way distribute responsibility holdings while increasing security and minimizing risk.the pending ark multisignature implementation quite similar the way bitcoin multisigs work, using schnorr multisignatures []. ark core cli v.., core has become node version manager (npm) module that can installed and interacted with globally. built-in command line interface (cli) now available well. npm the world's largest software registry, and installation core now effortless for anyone regardless technical background. the cli essential tool that enables any node operator update, manage, monitor their node installation without the need for any external programs. ark snapshot manager also integrated into the cli. all ark-based bridgechains will also able take advantage the incredibly powerful ark cli toolset. core plugins modular architecture ark core split into multiple packages using lerna manage their development and publishing. the benefit this approach that easier focus smaller parts the whole system, with each standalone package. each part the core can replaced custom implementations. for example, custom core-logger-logstash package could replace the default logger without affecting the stability other components. all these plugins are interconnected via the core plugin manager package, which functions container hold all the instances that are shared across plugins []. version https://docs.google.com/document/d/pbbkjrbffdlsscrtpprudie_ufzublfo_/edit ark ecosystem whitepaper google docs ark ecosystem whitepaper the plugin manager allows provide different bootstrap processes for things like starting relay node forging node. the plugin manager accepts two parameters, the path folder that contains plugins.json file, and optional parameter that can contain options like including and excluding plugins from the bootstrap process plugin-specific options that are not available from the standard configuration file []. key tenant ark's extensibility lies this plugin architecture. future plugins released the ark business entity well third party plugins can integrate into core, adding new benefits. when deploying custom blockchain, use case plugins can developed and integrated without affecting the stability the existing code. ark webhooks the webhook api has been integrated into ark core enable developers listen specific events from the ark blockchain. webhooks provide other applications with real-time information without expending resources unnecessarily. ark grows, traffic the network will increase. utilizing webhooks removes the need poll the network for data which can cause network stress. average, polls are wasted and increase the workload the server, making webhooks much more efficient. based user specifications, the webhook notifications will sent out every block update, including transactions sent, transactions received, and other timing events built the ark blockchain []. ark core docker ark core now available for docker, the industry standard for packaging applications into container. this will give developers another tool quickly install and run ark node. using docker image, all dependencies such the language runtimes and libraries are combined within the container, making all-in-one node installation much easier []. ark snapshot manager all-new local snapshot system has been developed, allowing node operators use their copies the database when needed. when starting new node rebuilding node due errors, local copies allow for fast and safe synchronization. the ark snapshot manager provides simple commands such dump, restore, rollback, truncate, and verify. the ark snapshot manager has been integrated into the ark cli since the release ark core ... version https://docs.google.com/document/d/pbbkjrbffdlsscrtpprudie_ufzublfo_/edit ark ecosystem whitepaper google docs ark ecosystem whitepaper ark utilities ark utilities separate library providing common functions for working with data and performing common tasks while simultaneously increasing performance across the entirety ark core. introducing this new dependency layer, many third party dependencies can replaced core with elements the ark utilities library. additionally, common api can provided. this allows developers swap out make changes the implementations they identify performance issues and other shortcomings, all without affecting the api. extensive real-world testing has proven ark utilities offer multi-fold improvements high over other libraries such native and lodash []. version https://docs.google.com/document/d/pbbkjrbffdlsscrtpprudie_ufzublfo_/edit ark ecosystem whitepaper google docs ark ecosystem whitepaper ark peripherals expanding core now armed with lean and powerful core, ark can expand its value proposition through useful peripherals, which include software development kits (sdks), external products, open source projects, branded plugins, and more. these peripherals combine deliver family solutions that come with any newly deployed ark blockchain. through sharp vision and community support, anyone who needs blockchain will have everything they need right out the box. ark software development kits using ark sdks, developers can employ the programming language their choice build applications utilizing the ark blockchain. each implementation split into two sub kits: client and cryptography. client sub kits help developers fetch information from the ark blockchain about its current state, such which delegates are currently forging, what transactions are associated with given wallet, and on. cryptography sub kits, contrast, assist developers working with transactions, such signing, serializing, deserializing, and the like. the following sdks are currently available: c++. c++ widely used embedded systems software engineering. the addition c++ pushes ark further into the world iot can run microcontrollers such arduino and raspberry []. .net. the .net motto any developer, any app, any platform! such, this framework very popular platform corporate settings. the perfect tool for startups and hobbyists who are just starting out with ark and would like jump right []. elixir. elixir takes advantage the erlang vm, which known for running low-latency distributed and fault-tolerant systems, while also being successfully used web development and embedded software domain []. version https://docs.google.com/document/d/pbbkjrbffdlsscrtpprudie_ufzublfo_/edit ark ecosystem whitepaper google docs ark ecosystem whitepaper go. golang open source programming language developed google and designed for building fast, simple, and reliable software. not about theoretical concepts such monads and virtual inheritance, but more about hands-on experience []. java. java general-purpose computer-programming language that concurrent, class-based, object-oriented, and specifically designed have few implementation dependencies possible. with ark's java sdk design, easily re-use java crypto and client packages integrate into popular frameworks such kotlin, groovy and scala. []. javascript. javascript object-oriented computer programming language commonly used create interactive effects within web browsers. javascript one the most widely used languages the web, and the ark core written typescript, more stringent flavor javascript []. php. php extremely popular open source scripting language that well suited for web development and can embedded into html. php used server-side programming language for over working websites []. laravel. laravel important member new generation frameworks []. free, open source php web framework with expressive, elegant syntax intended for the development web applications []. laravel extremely popular with developers ranging from hobbyists enterprise level. laravel very highly ranked according github []. symfony. symfony set reusable php components and php framework for web projects. allows you speed production and maintenance your php web applications and ends repetitive coding tasks. this also benefits developers they can also add their own modules. symfony popular the enterprise space []. python. python great starting language it's widely taught universities and used for working with beginner and iot-friendly devices such the raspberry pi. python powerful and fast, version https://docs.google.com/document/d/pbbkjrbffdlsscrtpprudie_ufzublfo_/edit ark ecosystem whitepaper google docs ark ecosystem whitepaper plays well with others, runs everywhere, friendly and easy learn, and most all, it's open everyone []. ruby. ruby dynamic, reflective, object-oriented, general-purpose programming language. supports multiple programming paradigms including functional, object-oriented, and imperative. also has dynamic type system and automatic memory management []. rust. many companies both large and small use rust production for variety tasks. those tasks include command line tools, web services, devops tooling, embedded devices, audio and video analysis and transcoding, cryptocurrencies, bioinformatics, search engines, internet-of-things applications, machine learning, and even major parts the firefox web browser []. swift. swift powerful and intuitive programming language for macos, ios, watchos and tvos. writing swift code interactive and fun, the syntax concise yet expressive, and swift includes modern features developers love. swift code safe design, yet also produces software that runs lightning fast []. wolfram. the wolfram language leverages built-in computational intelligence that relies vast depth algorithms and real-world knowledge carefully integrated over three decades. wolfram heralded the first true computational communication language for humans and ais. wolfram adding full read and transactional write support for ark []. rpc. the json-rpc compliant sdk was created aid organizations with the integration ark their existing rpc based infrastructure when extenuating circumstances make using the ark public api less than ideal. all operations provided the json-rpc can performed using the ark public api. []. version https://docs.google.com/document/d/pbbkjrbffdlsscrtpprudie_ufzublfo_/edit ark ecosystem whitepaper google docs ark ecosystem whitepaper ark test suite most software developers are aware how hard get full test coverage over different testing phases that must take multiple stakeholders into account []. now add blockchain mechanics that recipe, and think about how test distributed systems, their mechanics, security, block propagation, transaction management, transaction pool handling, fork management, client api- things get dicey. with these challenges mind, was paramount pick the right tool that flexible and powerful enough. upon assessing the market for options, was decided that the jest framework best suited ark the base testing framework. jest was developed and used facebook test all their javascript code including react applications. jest also used airbnb, twitter, pinterest, instagram, and oculus []. are establishing common base for developers, delivering the best possible tools, like powerful mocking, snapshot testing, built-in code coverage, and zero configuration. ark test suite also makes cross team collaboration smooth with testing appearing uniform across different sections code. doing so, deliver valuable implementation examples, enabling newcomers learn and understand the existing code. ark explorer the ark explorer fundamental tool, designed and developed from the ground up, using lean and fast developmental frameworks tailwind css and vue.js []. sporting aesthetically pleasing design, the ark explorer boasts features such light and dark mode, multi language support, and token price tracking. the ark explorer provides the user with critical data such viewing the latest transactions and blocks, searching for wallet addresses and transactions, viewing wallet address rankings, and monitoring delegates for visibility network state. ark desktop wallet the ark desktop wallet multi-functional application written from scratch using vuejs and tailwindcss, implementing the latest electron framework []. the structure the public and private key generation follows the same specification bitcoin, with the exception using bip- passphrases for end user ease use. custom implementation bip- for hierarchical deterministic wallets provided ark users. the ark desktop wallet supports multiple transaction types with the added benefit empowering the end user determine transaction fees with the introduction dynamic fees. customization version https://docs.google.com/document/d/pbbkjrbffdlsscrtpprudie_ufzublfo_/edit ark ecosystem whitepaper google docs ark ecosystem whitepaper was important factor during development ensure that developers, businesses, and end users could personalize the wallet experience for their own requirements. because this, the desktop wallet becoming modular with the advent wallet plugins. bridgechains can implement use cases directly into the ark desktop wallet, and third party developers can enhance its features. with support for multiple ark networks enabled, the ark desktop wallet invaluable within the ark ecosystem. the ark desktop wallet lite client, working tandem with ark dpos deliver seamless experience. users can launch the wallet and interact with the blockchain immediately, with need sync. the wallet also compatible with the ledger nano hardware device, offering passphrase management secure sandbox. the ark desktop wallet allows all bridgechains added directly for seamless chain management, automated bridgechain registration. all bridgechains also gain the advantage ledger nano support via the ark desktop wallet.for the ark public network, the wallet integrated with changelly, where users can acquire ark using other cryptocurrencies and fiat from directly within the wallet. the ark desktop wallet available windows, mac and linux operating systems. ark mobile wallet the ark mobile wallet hybrid application that uses the same codebase for android and ios which helps with coordinated development. the ark mobile wallet was created using ionic framework and ark's typescript api interact with the network via mobile device []. the wallet supports multiple transaction types, with the added benefit empowering the end user determine transaction fees via ark's dynamic fee implementation. the ark mobile wallet available android and ios operating systems. ark pay ark pay simple open-source library that provides merchants with the ability easily accept ark means payment online stores. ark pay official ark supported plugin developed javascript []. ark pay provides developers with plug-and-play module allow easy implementation ark payment method websites and within web-enabled applications. ark pay also utilizes version https://docs.google.com/document/d/pbbkjrbffdlsscrtpprudie_ufzublfo_/edit ark ecosystem whitepaper google docs ark ecosystem whitepaper customized uri scheme, enabling the auto-fill wallet parameters via clickable link code. the next iteration ark pay will also feature backend for better transaction management experience. the custom developed backend will have verification and order processing the server side instead polling the blockchain via public api. will also become easier for ark bridgechains have their own ark pay plugin and running time, supporting their own blockchain simply inputting their own network parameters. ark deployer cli ark deployer cli lightweight deployment script for creating your own arkbased blockchains. utilizing the ark deployer, developers can create their own bridgechain matter minutes. ark deployer just the first step building more robust ecosystem that will user friendly and will feature the same caliber user experience that expected from ark. ark deployer configures, deploys and integrates the following: deploys ark node auto-forging mode single computer server, with your chosen number forging genesis delegates. genesis delegates act initial placeholders until node operators the field replace them. custom parameters can configured such block times, transaction fees, block rewards, transactions per second, and on. bridgechains operating under the right conditions can theoretically reach thousands transactions per second. deploys ark explorer that already configured and talking with the installed ark node. this clones, configures, installs and integrates ark explorer with the ark node. configures ark api for the developer start exploring, hacking, and developing solutions based ark technology []. ark deployer gui alignment with ark's master vision giving many people possible the power blockchain technology, the ark deployer will skinned with graphical user interface this will allow developers visually configure their blockchain parameters and selected plugins without the need interact with the version https://docs.google.com/document/d/pbbkjrbffdlsscrtpprudie_ufzublfo_/edit ark ecosystem whitepaper google docs ark ecosystem whitepaper deployer cli. over time, complex processes will become simpler, and creating custom blockchains will become akin designing website with wix squarespace. anyone who needs blockchain can focus their needs and leave the heavy lifting the deployer backend. the deployer gui can also access marketplace plugins and other ark technology add functionality chain. version https://docs.google.com/document/d/pbbkjrbffdlsscrtpprudie_ufzublfo_/edit ark ecosystem whitepaper google docs ark ecosystem whitepaper ark logic bitcoin scripts bitcoin removed central authorities from the process transferring money over the internet. before bitcoin, was simply not possible digitally transfer wealth online without some form centralized intermediary []. bank transfers required banks, and credit card transactions required credit card companies and merchant processors. digital currencies relied centralized servers with trusted parties store account information, transaction data, and often, assets backing the value the currency. now, with cryptocurrency, you can send funds anyone else the network without using centralized authority acting your behalf. the beginning bitcoin, satoshi had plans beyond simple send and receive functions using its programming language known 'bitcoin scripts [].' this would have given bitcoin the capability becoming truly programmable money. example scripts action would multisig, where multiple users must sign before funds are released. bitcoin has since pivoted away from complex on-chain logic. ethereum virtual machine ethereum took the torch the programmable money concept, and expanded the concept further- much further. while bitcoin scripts could seen the punch-card computer programs old, ethereum was seen the first 'operating system' that directly addressed virtual money decentralized environment. ethereum smart contracts ran within this operating system, known the evm, ethereum virtual machine. using unique new language called 'solidity,' functions ranging from simple 'if-then' statements all the way entire applications could execute, and with far less technical acuity than required with bitcoin scripts. ethereum smart contracts were large step the right direction. the more functions programmable money can handle itself, the more autonomous can become []. smart contract example basic example smart contract something seen hundreds not thousands times throughout the last few years- the ico, initial coin offering. the smart contract this example rather simple. organization accepts liquid asset (ether) specific address, and when ether arrives, the smart contract version https://docs.google.com/document/d/pbbkjrbffdlsscrtpprudie_ufzublfo_/edit ark ecosystem whitepaper google docs ark ecosystem whitepaper automatically sends new asset back the source address given fixed exchange rate. this continues until specific limit reached specific amount time has elapsed. it's all handled autonomously the smart contract. the organization then uses its newly acquired ether conduct operations, while the holders the new asset are free trade with other parties use for products and services. smart contract immutability even smart contracts simple the example above have been identified contain critical bugs the past, and their complexity grows, the frequency and potential impact these bugs. summer article cited code auditor that determined that twenty-five percent all smart contracts contain critical security issues []. while vulnerabilities and critical flaws can patched normal software systems, smart contracts are completely final and cannot modified once deployed. this means the first and last line defense lies with the smart contract authors and pre-auditors, where lack understanding solidity, hasty deployment, and inability react quickly new information all pose substantial threat safe smart contract execution. smart contract bloat standard smart contract architecture where developers deploy versatile and complex applications tend require virtual machine some sort, similar the evm and others. this essentially provides the 'runtime engine' which the applications reside. virtual machines must run variety applications, and this usually results bloated system that requires heavy resources run simple tasks. ark deploying solutions using custom transaction types and plugins, specific goals can reached with far less overhead, making solutions built with ark technology far more scalable. smart contract complexity another problem with smart contracts lies within their complexity. the solidity language utilizes multitude granular functions build complex applications. however, this can result awarding too much raw power the developer, who may inadvertently introduce the potential for exploits into their program. distilling common business logic into 'building blocks' that can assembled more controlled environment, customized results are attainable with far less risk. the goal ethereum was expose more people than ever before the power decentralized computing within cryptocurrencies. ark intends this while also version https://docs.google.com/document/d/pbbkjrbffdlsscrtpprudie_ufzublfo_/edit ark ecosystem whitepaper google docs ark ecosystem whitepaper realizing more people become capable, more safeguards must place prevent errors, all without withholding power from developers. ark logic solution smart contracts from the start, our intent was provide answer the blockchain trilemma and reduce the well known limitations blockchain technology. some these solutions are baked into smartbridge technology, allowing for greater flexibility and scalability via ecosystem linked chains with specific use cases. aside from the blockchain trilemma, however, saw the above issues with smart contracts and wish address them part our vision. see smart contracts small automation engines being executed black boxes, that lack the modern pace development and flexibility, and developers need learn additional language deliver them. our solution this deliver more than just automation and distributed relay execution. want give organizations the power develop their own application logic, the way they are already used doing it, using existing tooling and developing normal applications that can deployed our blockchain infrastructure via the modular architecture plugins. plugin normal typescript application that has the full power blockchain, with all the expressive capabilities using common programming language. acts just another application that can deployed and maintained via blockchain mechanics, running our core blockchain engine. developing plugin, you are able add new tables, storage options, web servers, and complete graphical interfaces running and using the core technology driving force. ark logic flexible being able deliver the power adaptation and flexibility one the first steps deliver mass adoption and attract more developers build using ark technology. smart contracts will evolve into business applications running ark bridgechains. addition plugins delivering new ark functionality, developers can fully customize their blockchain behavior, with perfect example this found the ark deployer. they can define custom behaviour the dpos mechanism, adjust block time and tps, change number delegates, and adjust the fee mechanics and block rewards. everything fully flexible. the transaction level, introduced the new concept adding custom transaction types that still follow the blockchain processing rules, but can custom tailored needed. custom transaction types, unique plugins, and fractal version https://docs.google.com/document/d/pbbkjrbffdlsscrtpprudie_ufzublfo_/edit ark ecosystem whitepaper google docs ark ecosystem whitepaper network interconnected bridgechains handling specific use cases all combine maximize flexibility for developers. ark logic scalable scalability, being part the blockchain trilemma, solved with smartbridge technology and ark logic. although some other blockchain projects are aiming act global supercomputer, don't want fit everything into one black box. separation concern already well established pattern software development, and applied the same ideals while addressing the scalability challenge. business organization has need for specific processing power, custom applications that need faster confirmation times, oracles that address specific business process, the best approach launch and configure application-specific chain and implement module addressing the needed business logic. doing gain three ways: strain the main ark network reduced, resource requirements are moved from mainnet bridgechain stability improved, bridgechain can run isolated environment, free from the bloat external operations upgrades become easier logic can modified and improved, contrast the finality smart contracts. the application can scale provided consensus reached. moving processing logic from mainnet bridgechain also addresses other known concepts such sharding payment channels, thus closing the horizontal scalability issue. both the approaches are achieved via bridgechain launch and its customization. scalability also walks hand hand with interoperability for ark. with the introduction bridgechains gain clear separation concerns, while moving business logic the application-centric bridgechains. ark logic simple addressed the blockchain trilemma issues with knowledge and experience gained from real work usage the ark mainnet for more than two years, and with valuable feedback gathered from companies developing their projects using ark technology. are looking all the possible use cases blockchain version https://docs.google.com/document/d/pbbkjrbffdlsscrtpprudie_ufzublfo_/edit ark ecosystem whitepaper google docs ark ecosystem whitepaper technology, and are addressing them with lean and stable core, vast array sdks, intuitive blockchain deployer, modular technology via plugin infrastructure, custom transaction types, and interoperability via smartbridge technology. support all this with extensive and thorough documentation, guidebooks, tutorials, code examples, and help from community developers. ark logic components such modular plugins and templates will combine with the above elements make creating and deploying decentralized applications extremely simple, but ark technology far from basic. the k.i.s.s. approach ark logic will allow anyone create enhance their project the most efficient and standard way. version https://docs.google.com/document/d/pbbkjrbffdlsscrtpprudie_ufzublfo_/edit ark ecosystem whitepaper google docs ark ecosystem whitepaper smartbridge technology the need interoperate the need for interoperability serious issue, and ark has had major impact this field. the smartbridge approach allows ark bypass one the most common issues surrounding different blockchains, which the isolation between each one. the communication between different coins/blockchains currently controlled centralized exchanges the form asset transfer only. ark looking change this allowing asset and data transfer without the need for custodial third parties. smartbridge communication can defined two ways: protocol-specific smartbridge. this represents communication between various chains based ark core technology that live and operate within the ark ecosystem's network bridgechains. this also known bridgechain communication. protocol-agnostic smartbridge. this represents communication between blockchains that use different consensus mechanisms, tokens and protocols, for example bitcoin and others. this also known cross-chain communication. ark-ark smartbridge mechanics bridgechain protocol defines new communication layer targeting ark-based application-centric blockchains. communication between bridgechains will bring more than just token swaps (ability exchange data, information, bridgechain validation) and will define the groundwork for the businesses and projects communicate via the new protocol. more this will follow future documentation including specific ark improvement proposal defining the bridgechain protocol detail. protocol realization was recently made possible with the release the brand new core and enabling functions supported ark logic. bridgechain protocol will introduced the form new core module core-bridge. the core-bridge module operates hand hand with the new bridgechain registration transaction type delivered the ark deployer, while still version https://docs.google.com/document/d/pbbkjrbffdlsscrtpprudie_ufzublfo_/edit ark ecosystem whitepaper google docs ark ecosystem whitepaper carrying proof trust/ownership the originator the registration transaction. bridgechain registration means that any new bridgechain will need registered via our mainnet. the ark public network will act proxy, main highway, and decentralized guard interchain communication. ark has been upgraded for event triggering with the use webhooks and basic event emitters. events are used inside the core trigger blockchain actions and the delivery webhook payloads. additionally, custom plugins can utilize the event emitter package trigger their own actions response blockchain events. conceptually, this feature similar the hooks implementation wordpress [], well the lifecycle hook access provided javascript frameworks such vue and react []. primary difference that due the need for strict protocols around blockchain data creation and retrieval, events are strictly reactionary. core events are not capable changing data runtime. the transaction applied event, for instance, passes complete transaction instance, not raw transaction data that can altered the style wordpress filter. another way think the event api the context publish-subscribe pattern []. this pattern, ark core packages can act both publishers and subscribers events. bridgechain protocol transactions enabling coin transfers will need confirmed all three levels: the sending blockchain, ark mainnet, and the receiving blockchain. the bridgechain protocol logic will replicable, meaning that any bridgechain able act self-governing mainnet, thus making horizontal connection through the spider web blockchains and enabling exit via ark mainnet. ark-any smartbridge mechanics community project called ark contract execution services otherwise known aces has shown everyone that possible have two-way transfers between ark and bitcoin, litecoin, and ethereum, including issuing smart contracts from ark ethereum, regardless the underlying protocols. aces can adapt any blockchain needed []. communication takes place through special data section called vendor fields. characters, each transaction can used send text, instructions code. this can also used hashing functions even trigger events such smart contracts other blockchains. version https://docs.google.com/document/d/pbbkjrbffdlsscrtpprudie_ufzublfo_/edit ark ecosystem whitepaper google docs ark ecosystem whitepaper intermediary nodes known encoded listeners comb through this data for tasks perform. these encoded listeners can programmed and run however the operator sees fit, including running exchange pool similar shapeshift changelly. competing encoded listener node runners can launch aces nodes for various coins, creating encoded listener marketplace []. aces not fully decentralized solution, even though can result multiple interaction points between two chains that are independently operated, providing redundancy. worth noting, however, that aside from handling other blockchains, aces can handle communication between ark-based chains well. aces can used while the decentralized smartbridge technology between various ark-based blockchains developed, and other blockchains tokens that wish migrate ark can via aces token bridge. aces currently undergoing upgrades due the recent ark core redesign, and aspects the aces approach are carrying over the core itself. example this approach that uses the plugin/module implementation when ark technology and hyperledger fabric were integrated. the plugin-enabled execution hyperledger smartcontracts functions via ark smartbridge using the vendor field interface []. focus will more thorough cross-chain capabilities after the initial ecosystem built with seamless bridgechain communication via the new bridgechain protocol. for now, the focus will building the ecosystem further and delivering promises interchain communication among ark-based blockchains. version https://docs.google.com/document/d/pbbkjrbffdlsscrtpprudie_ufzublfo_/edit ark ecosystem whitepaper google docs ark ecosystem whitepaper ark business strategy business strategy introduction the gartner technology hype cycle illustrates point innovation trigger which leads peak inflated expectations. afterwards, trough disillusionment forms followed slope enlightenment, rest the plateau productivity []. applying this cycle blockchain technology, believe the technology the process exiting the trough disillusionment, making this the perfect time focus more heavily executing plans build customer base, gain strategic value, and create new revenue streams for the ark business entity. the best way move forward deliver solid and easy-to-use technology that will enable new use cases and disrupt the existing ones. the key challenge here provide the tools and technology that makes this easy switch, and this where ark's main vision and motivation comes from. will continue improving and implementing new features with input from the community and wider audiences. working together listening and understanding our early adopters will help improve and deliver our promises using ark's technology stack. ark scic business entity ark currently incorporated france cooperative society known scic (societe cooperative d'interet collectif). the first its kind the crypto world, and one the first blockchain projects incorporate the []. ark has also met with the amf, which similar the sec, and maintains close relationship with them for regulatory compliance. ark also has close ties the french government and has contributed article the loi pacte and both parliament reports blockchain and cryptocurrency []. ark team the ark team, also known the ark crew, decentralized throughout the world and has main office. team members come from the united states, france, spain, brazil, united kingdom, germany, the netherlands, slovenia, finland, bulgaria, ukraine, and others. the ark crew determined change the world giving everyone accessibility the awesome power blockchain. have been expanding and hiring more talent regardless market conditions, and are possession multiple years' worth working capital various cryptocurrencies. version https://docs.google.com/document/d/pbbkjrbffdlsscrtpprudie_ufzublfo_/edit ark ecosystem whitepaper google docs ark ecosystem whitepaper moving customer value centric approach the initial phase ark's business strategy was develop solid foundation technology with which custom solutions and applications can built others. with newly reimagined core and large family peripherals, ark can now begin its shift towards catering customers, the organizations and open source communities that intend use the technology. ark will this using its own tools and ark logic templates expand its current offerings and attract developers certain industries interest. once this takes place, the ark business entity can focus providing true value those that need application-specific blockchains. ark's toolset will always versatile for any use case, but the ark business entity intends offer help and guidance for specific industries through tools and features that are bit more tailored. this will reduce the barriers entry even further for those industries. the value-centric proposition not the same the api-centric, which technical solution. more precisely, the value proposition describes what value you offer the customer and why the customer should buy it. the api describes how you provide value the customer []. the value-centric approach important for organizations already running their business that want improve their product offerings, add new blockchain-enabled features products. this where ark technology comes into play solid choice. will focus this aspect and help businesses improve their technology adding new value propositions and solving some their existing customers' pains with industry-tailored tools. any remaining gaps will filled the community and ark digital marketplace needed. transformation into digital marketplace building the ark core around component based architecture brought much more than just modular and flexible codebase. core plugins are the framework introduce new era business-oriented distributed applications. organizations can develop business applications our already established and running blockchain platform using plugin development tools and ark logic. ark plugin can anything from simple api expanding and enabling storage additional data the blockchain, brand new http server with custom underlying logic, delivering new application interfaces and support for any kind business related challenges. developers can use our already available sdks, version https://docs.google.com/document/d/pbbkjrbffdlsscrtpprudie_ufzublfo_/edit ark ecosystem whitepaper google docs ark ecosystem whitepaper libraries, and utilities, they can focus business application development. ark plugins can developed javascript and typescript. every plugin can introduce its own licensing and support conditions. plugin license can stored the ark mainnet the form transaction. some plugins will run solely bridgechains and some will part the mainnet only needed. for the plugin reach mainnet, wide consensus between public delegates necessary. this brings one step further the introduction digital marketplace- convenient destination discover, buy and sell applications, services and solutions built with ark's technology stack. the marketplace will make easy find and publish new solutions built top ark technology. its main purpose connect service providers, developers, startups and larger enterprises. enable this, new transaction types will introduced for the ark public network. transaction types will created for business and bridgechain on-chain registration. this will enable businesses register the ark mainnet and further develop ark plugins that can traced back the business registration transaction, which will contain more details about the company. this will also solve the pressing matter bad actors who wish disseminate malicious code posing well-established developers. business registration ark public network. individual, team company will able issue business registration transaction the same way delegate registration transaction issued. the proposed fee for this transaction should high enough only serious projects will take this on. with this transaction, more company project details must provided such website, github, vat applicable, contact email, etc. this transaction will serve entry the next scenario, where the registered business the ark public network can request bridgechain launch via the ark deployer gui. bridgechain configuration ark public network via ark deployer. address that registered business organization can send bridgechain registration. this will serve input the ark deployer would use this address further generate the chain specifications such genesis block, initial wallets and version https://docs.google.com/document/d/pbbkjrbffdlsscrtpprudie_ufzublfo_/edit ark ecosystem whitepaper google docs ark ecosystem whitepaper passwords, mainnet, devnet and testnet specifications. this establishes authenticity for the bridgechain, opening doors certain strategic value opportunities within the ark ecosystem that will not available unregistered chain, such the powered ark program, currently development for entry into the powered ark program via bridgechain registration simply means that the team behind the project serious and capable, and that the project was assessed and evaluated ark community and team. this can also read partnership and give green light proudly use the 'powered ark core' logo, well official listing ark mainnet and peripherals. being listed the ark mainnet triggers bridgechain awareness, visibility, and above all, capability communicate. the ark mainnet will act proxy and decentralized guardian for interchain communications. new transaction types and plugin deployment using ark logic hand hand with the new functionalities the ark deployer. deployer serves the primary vehicle for building, launching, and managing blockchains. the deployer user can select and register new bridgechain, and preselect the set modules and plugins included the bridgechain launch. this will enable users launch custom bridgechain specifications already adapted specific industries interest, and customize their chain for any use case with third party tools and plugins. industries interest the ark business entity will soon start using its own tools tailor solutions and add-ons for specific industries. this means that soon, players these industries will have ready-made tools out the box utilize deploying their blockchain solutions, using ark logic. more entities these fields use ark technology, the building blocks can refined and expanded, producing further ease use for whoever next line. the ark business entity, after creating such industry-specific toolkits and ark logic templates, will start facilitating usage the solutions among organizations, and form strategic partnerships within these sectors needed. the ark business entity will focusing four industries interest start: gaming, internet-of-things, government, and supply chain management. gaming. blockchain has the power completely change the way that developers approach game design. blockchain can also version https://docs.google.com/document/d/pbbkjrbffdlsscrtpprudie_ufzublfo_/edit ark ecosystem whitepaper google docs ark ecosystem whitepaper elevate the way that players interact with gaming ecosystems. decentralized infrastructure enables immutable ownership in-game digital assets, completely transforming the control and flexibility that players currently have centralized gaming environments. further this, issues with hacking, duplication and theft are mitigated through the encryption provided blockchain networks, all leading massive increases security for both gaming infrastructure and players' digital possessions. exchange assets between games may also enabled with common game asset protocol built network ark blockchains, along with exchange for non-game digital assets and currencies. non-fungible tokens allow for serialized, uniquely identified, transferable in-game assets. blockchain transforms in-game mechanics and processes way that promotes trust and accountability within gaming environments. re-imagined system for payments and monetization could lead huge cost savings for both developers and gamers, leading increasingly fair and optimized in-game economics. utilizing ark blockchain technology, the gaming sector able tackle key challenges related security, ownership and fairness. along with this, faster and more flexible payment systems, new ways building credibility, and improved transparency mean that new opportunities throughout the industry can leveraged. internet things. the iot industry continues grow, it's increasingly plagued with issues surrounding security, poor connectivity and slow performance, limiting its ability fully penetrate the commercial and industrial sectors. industry leaders are crying out for scalable solution that will enhance security, improve network performance and reduce the reliance centralized cloud servers, and that's where blockchain technology shines. version https://docs.google.com/document/d/pbbkjrbffdlsscrtpprudie_ufzublfo_/edit ark ecosystem whitepaper google docs ark ecosystem whitepaper with its innate immutability and decentralized nature, blockchain the perfect fit for iot. addresses the key challenges that the iot industry faces, from device security the authentication and encryption information. decentralized network means that the risk iot devices being compromised via single point failure mitigated, and the reliance expensive, centralized data centers significantly reduced. moreover, lean, scalable network capable supporting millions connected devices delivers improved network performance and reliability, well reduces bottlenecks. utilizing ark technology, the iot industry can benefit from more secure, robust and resilient network architecture- one that doesn't fall victim data collusion, network tampering single points failure, delivering significant cost savings and efficiency gains. government. governments and public sector entities around the world have been experimenting with blockchain technology over the past few years. this testing now turning into adoption many instances the value blockchain-powered infrastructure and public services emerging. utilizing blockchain technology, government operations can become more efficient and streamlined leading more effective delivery public services. additionally, blockchain technology enables more streamlined internal processes which can lead widespread cost savings. decentralized blockchain infrastructure removes single points failure and provides additional layers security and protection critical government systems and citizen data. with blockchain allowing secure access citizen records and data, trust improved through radical transparency and accuracy enhancements. fraud deterred and compliance upheld all times due the immutable and decentralized characteristics blockchain. version https://docs.google.com/document/d/pbbkjrbffdlsscrtpprudie_ufzublfo_/edit ark ecosystem whitepaper google docs ark ecosystem whitepaper specific blockchain use-cases government environments include digital identity, voting, payments, registries and record management. transforming the way that governments are able generate, process and share data, citizens are empowered via blockchain powered services. utilizing ark blockchain technology, the government sector can benefit from operational efficiencies and streamlined processes, cost savings and disintermediation, increased trust and transparency along with improvements both infrastructure and data security. supply chain management. decentralized digital ledgers are allowing the supply chain management industry get real-time oversight player activity their global supply chain network. the industry's key challenges limited visibility and inaccuracies across its network create uncertainty. lags and black holes can seemingly place inventory multiple places once, more worryingly, nowhere all. this poses critical problem for fast-paced industry that relies getting the right product the right place, the right time. this uncertainty, ultimately caused gaps between departments and across business entities are thing the past with complete blockchain solution. its core, blockchain ledger based consensus. consensus-based approach would mean that all nodes would agree about where inventory any one time. moreover, decentralized logic and workflows allow actions executed based predefined conditions. this eliminates the 'middle-man' whether that intermediary systems labor, generating significant cost savings for supply chain organizations. ark technology can offer the supply chain industry greater oversight and control inventory, enhanced data security, and automated processes, enabling increased efficiency and significant cost reduction. version https://docs.google.com/document/d/pbbkjrbffdlsscrtpprudie_ufzublfo_/edit ark ecosystem whitepaper google docs ark ecosystem whitepaper outreach the ark business entity does not intend simply build. however, ark also does not wish participate the empty hype train the crypto and blockchain industry appears revere. light this, the ark business entity executes and will continue expand outreach initiatives that fulfill multiple tangible purposes, spreading awareness and adding strategic value the overall ecosystem. the outreach initiatives ark focusing includes the following: conferences. date, ark has sponsored nearly dozen blockchain conferences and expos. the ark business entity will continue this long these events continue provide appropriate value exchange for sponsorship and attendance. conferences are useful present ark achievements and progress the greater blockchain community. they also attract talent the space use ark technology and allow peer review and feedback take place. addition, conferences position ark front organizations and enterprises looking utilize blockchain technology. hackathons. with blockchains containing the potential impact the world largely the web itself, logical expose budding talent ark through universities and campuses around the world. thus, ark has sponsored nearly dozen hackathons, which are short competitions among teams computer science students and developers who create projects that are judged with prizes. ark utilizing strategic partnership with major league hacking create ark blockchain workshop, and also intends enter the realm virtual hackathons, where teams need not the same geographical location compete. meetups and ark ambassador program. building strong community important the success any ecosystem. such, agents the ark business entity attend meetups give presentations ark technology and how people can get involved within the ecosystem. blockchains gain popularity, the frequency and size these meetups around the world will increase and prominent ark agents will not able keep up. the ark ambassador program will appear where ark agents train version https://docs.google.com/document/d/pbbkjrbffdlsscrtpprudie_ufzublfo_/edit ark ecosystem whitepaper google docs ark ecosystem whitepaper and empower ark enthusiasts give these presentations and even host ark-specific meetups their own. after certification, ark ambassadors can receive ark bounties for representing the ark business entity and ark ecosystem the real world. market research. the ark business entity has recently acquired market research experts identify the struggles within industries interest and propose ark-based solutions for them. this market research paramount reaching out organizations and enterprises within these industries and start laying out how ark technology can help them. these organizations and entities use ark technology more and more, their respective communities can merge with the ark community, increasing its size and bringing more strategic value the overall ecosystem. strategic partnerships. there saying within the ark community that ark has 'no competitors, only future partners.' ark partners with businesses, organizations, and other projects whenever tangible strategic value exists. this includes blockchain projects, exchanges, service providers, and others. strategic partnerships allow the ark business entity gain access and capabilities exchange for fulfilling need for the partnering party, while operating funds remain protected. this also expands ark's exposure. delegate collaboration. the ark business entity fully aware large source support and potential right next door, the delegates the ark public network. thus, the ark business entity has problem collaborating with mainnet delegates initiatives that increase ark exposure bring strategic value the ecosystem. delegates launch campaigns attract votes which usually include plans deploy additional community services beyond securing the network. the ark business entity has the ability pour gasoline these services the form additional seed funding beyond the block rewards that delegates receive. this can quickly add community impact delegate's deployed service. the ark business entity also has the ability include delegates developing and deploying specific ark products and version https://docs.google.com/document/d/pbbkjrbffdlsscrtpprudie_ufzublfo_/edit ark ecosystem whitepaper google docs ark ecosystem whitepaper tools that have key focus expanding the overall ark community. bounties contests. the ark business entity not solely responsible for deliverables any means. fact, the ark core and peripherals are github, where community developers help enhance the code. the ark development security bounty program awards community developers with ark for helping. ark also partnered with bugcrowd and launched public bug bounty program with rewards for discovering vulnerabilities. ark also ran documentation bounties for contributing the ark documentation repositories. ark has also been known run various contests for non-technical ark community members. those contest types are expected continue and grow ark delegates and community members are welcome collaborate with the ark business entity via prize sponsorships. social rich media. ark has strong presence steemit, linkedin, slack, discord, reddit, bitcoin talk, twitter, and instagram. the ark business entity also has detailed blog medium that acts hub for public relations. ark has useful videos youtube, and has specific plans expand its youtube presence throughout the ark business entity also collaborates with delegates increase the rich media available its youtube channel. ark hosts weekly audio podcast well, available itunes, google play, stitcher, soundcloud, spotify, and castbox. version https://docs.google.com/document/d/pbbkjrbffdlsscrtpprudie_ufzublfo_/edit ark ecosystem whitepaper google docs ark ecosystem whitepaper conclusion blockchains are here stay satoshi nakamoto opened pandora's box with bitcoin. blockchain technology has caused new renaissance inspiration that growing worldwide. the potential for the technology massive, and among the now thousands blockchain projects the space, working products and fulfilled promises are beginning take shape. when inspiration hits developer organization, they will see that ark has positioned itself the easiest path success for them. some the largest tech companies the world started with one person, one computer, one bedroom. ark technology empowers this person get ninety percent the way there with few clicks. what the future holds for ark successful ark ecosystem means that hundreds, not thousands, communities, businesses, enterprises, and organizations are using ark technology deploy blockchains custom tailored their needs. other blockchain projects with tokens restrictive mainnet begin break off and form their own ark-based network, addressing their scalability concerns and reaching higher planes flexibility using ark logic. they experience the freedom expression through the sovereignty they receive with ark. they benefit from the speed and security ark offers. they appreciate the simplicity ark technology. they receive much needed support from the ark public network, ark business entity, and ark community. these ark-based chains interoperate via smartbridge technology with thriving ark mainnet, bringing true sense unification without monopolization. get involved you play key role the success ark and you can bring tangible value that truly appreciated the whole the ecosystem. you like developing, you can improve the code github tackling issues and submitting pull requests. you can apply your own ideas develop additional peripherals and plugins using ark. you can become ark mainnet delegate, even launch your own chain. you aren't technically inclined, you can bring your own skills and talents the table asking questions, voting for delegates you support, accepting ark for your business, receiving funding for idea through the ark community fund, and even helping the team non-coding projects the ark community committee. ark for everyone, and together can bring the world the true vision point. click. blockchain. version https://docs.google.com/document/d/pbbkjrbffdlsscrtpprudie_ufzublfo_/edit ark ecosystem whitepaper google docs ark ecosystem whitepaper resources network resources wallet.ark.io: download the official desktop wallet android.ark.io: download the official mobile wallet for android ios.ark.io: download the official mobile wallet for ios explorer.ark.io: ark public network blockchain explorer developer resources github.ark.io: access the ark codebase repositories docs.ark.io: technical documentation and guides bounty.ark.io: ark development security bounties guidelines.ark.io: protocols for contributors public relations resources roadmap.ark.io: progress project statuses blog.ark.io: information news and releases steemit.ark.io: ark blog syndication steemit discussion resources slack.ark.io: real-time ark discussions and help discord.ark.io: real-time ark discussions and help reddit.ark.io: official community subreddit bitcointalk.ark.io: ark bitcoin talk forum page social rich media resources twitter.ark.io: ark twitter account instagram.ark.io: ark instagram account youtube.ark.io: ark youtube channel podcast.ark.io: ark crypto podcast community resources not affiliated with ark.io arkdirectory.com: community-managed library links arkdelegates.io: browse ark public network delegates arktippr.com: interact with reddit using ark arkthoughts.com: community opinions ark arktimeline.com: interactive timeline ark achievements version https://docs.google.com/document/d/pbbkjrbffdlsscrtpprudie_ufzublfo_/edit ark ecosystem whitepaper google docs ark ecosystem whitepaper references https://bitcoin.org/bitcoin.pdf ]https://ark.io/ark-ots.pdf https://www.forbes.com/sites/outofasia////five-issues-preventing-blockchain-from-going-mainstream-the-insanely-popularcrypto-game-etheremon-is-one-of-them/#fffad https://www.draglet.com/lightning-network/ https://cointelegraph.com/press-releases/ark-mainnet-to-launch-march-st- https://blog.ark.io/ark-core-v-mainnet-launch-abff https://www.researchgate.net/publication/_the_latest_gossip_on_bft_consensus https://blog.ark.io/towards-flexible-marketplace-with-ark-dynamic-fees-running-on-new-core-faafe https://blog.ark.io/ark-core--technical-update-series-webhooks-dcddc https://blog.ark.io/ark-core-docker-ready-set-core-afbfca https://blog.ark.io/ark-utilities-making-the-ark-ecosystem-faster-afce https://blog.ark.io/c-sdk-is-now-available-for-ark-cdaa https://blog.ark.io/arknet-net-client-to-work-with-ark-blockchain-eabdf []https://blog.ark.io/ark-elixir-new-magical-api-wrapper-ecbbde https://github.com/kristjank/ark-go https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/java_(programming_language) https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/javascript https://haydenjames.io/-percent-web-powered-by-php/ https://krify.co/laravel-web-development/ https://econstratech.com/php-laravel.php https://blog.ark.io/ark-symfony-high-performance-php-framework-for-web-development-bd https://blog.ark.io/pythark-python-api-wrapper-for-ark-fdaae https://blog.ark.io/introducing-ark-ruby-the-new-programming-language-integration-for-ark-e https://blog.ark.io/ark-rust-a-new-way-to-interact-with-the-ark-blockchain-aec https://blog.ark.io/ark-swift-interface-for-easy-ios-integration-with-the-ark-blockchain-aebcedafc https://blog.ark.io/ark-partners-with-wolfram-blockchain-labs-e https://blog.ark.io/ark-rpc-making-it-easier-to-interact-with-ark-for-exchanges-and-service-providers-bfd https://blog.ark.io/nucleid-a-powerful-cli-tool-fadcfdcb https://blog.ark.io/ark-kotlin-making-android-apps-for-ark-becomes-a-breeze-with-kotlin-aeecfbcf https://blog.ark.io/new-frontiers-ark-desktop-wallet-v-dffbcbb https://blog.ark.io/mobile-ark-wallet-a-wallet-for-everyone-aebde https://blog.ark.io/introducing-ark-pay-start-accepting-ark-in-your-store-today-cdff https://blog.ark.io/ark-deployer-v-create-your-own-ark-based-blockchain-in-minutes-fff http://oxfordblockchain.net/introduction https://en.bitcoin.it/wiki/script https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ethereum https://news.bitcoin.com/-of-all-smart-contracts-contain-critical-bugs/ https://blog.ark.io/ark-explorer-v-developed-from-the-ground-up-new-design-quicker-response-and-ready-for-push-babde https://www.gartner.com/en/research/methodologies/gartner-hype-cycle https://blog.ark.io/ark-creates-a-unique-business-entity-ccfb https://github.com/bitcoin/bips/blob/master/bip-.mediawiki http://api-as-a-product.com/articles/value-proposition-interface-canvas-api/ https://hackernoon.com/a-brief-intro-to-bitcoin-schnorr-multi-signatures-befc https://github.com/topics/framework https://www.jsonrpc.org/specification version https://docs.google.com/document/d/pbbkjrbffdlsscrtpprudie_ufzublfo_/edit ark ecosystem whitepaper google docs ark ecosystem whitepaper http://www.assemblee-nationale.fr//pdf/rap-info/i.pdf http://www.assemblee-nationale.fr//pdf/rap-info/i.pdf https://blog.ark.io/what-is-the-ark-smartbridge-and-how-does-it-work-ddfbea https://codex.wordpress.org/plugin_api https://vuejs.org/v/guide/instance.html#instance-lifecycle-hooks https://reactjs.org/docs/state-and-lifecycle.html https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/publish%e%%subscribe_pattern https://blog.ark.io/making-cross-chain-smart-contracts-on-ark-via-hyperledger-fabric-ebec https://arkaces.com https://bitcoinfees.info/ https://www.investopedia.com/terms/f/fiatmoney.asp https://lisk.io/documentation/lisk-protocol/consensus https://www.researchgate.net/publication/_a_study_on_test_coverage_in_software_testing https://github.com/arkecosystem/aips/blob/master/aips/aip-.md version https://docs.google.com/document/d/pbbkjrbffdlsscrtpprudie_ufzublfo_/edit