asiacoin (a-coin) the only decentralized travel ecosystem welcome the latest generation cryptocurrency smart contract tokens asiacoin (a-coin). these tokens have the potential revolutionize the travel industry will allow travelers, agencies and transportation systems come together asiacoin's self-sufficient erc standard token ecosystem with global community. thanks the innovative business model underpinned these blockchain based tokens, everyone possession asiacoins will have the opportunity enjoy unique benefits such lower costs, avoidance double spending while making bookings, double bookings, and faster way secure travel and vacation deals. when rolled out accordance our projected roadmap, the asiacoin smart travel platform plans disrupt the worldwide travel industry for the everyday commute well the vacations get away. will deliver transparency removing transaction overheads due currency conversions, help avoid potential double spending seen travel bookings and ensure real time booking due blockchain smart contracts. asiacoin envisioned deliver long term value its owners. tokens will issued after the ico crowd-sale thereby placing limit the supply. the asiacoin enabled eco system grows, the utility asiacoin will rise automatically. the intrinsic value the token deemed increase accordingly. the travel industry, alone for vacations, valued over trillion dollars year (us) and the industry whole makes for world spending over trillion. asiacoin the first its kind specifically designed connect the blockchain and the travel workflows. you're avid traveler, investor, trader, speculator it's tough ignore the potential the blockchain the travel industry. asiacoin (a-coin) blockchain protocol that customized for the travel industry using smart contract technology. the asiacoin protocol and its decentralized applications (dapps) targets key travel benefits and allows for instant bookings, spendable rewards points, from anywhere the world the lowest fees. the asiacoin smart contracts ecosystem makes this possible handling the sale (contract) the ticket between the ticket holder and the traveler through the asiacoin ecosystem. asiacoin (a-coin) tokens are required run the asiacoin ecosystem through the ether network 'fuel'. while initially you can use the acoin tokens currency the ethereum network, however the long run meant keep the asiacoin blockchain running. when you buy asiacoins (a-coin) the ico crowd-sale (initial coin offering), you are capturing piece the asiacoin protocol that will run the future asiacoin dapps. a-coin can divisible decimal places... therefore you are actually obtaining acoin. back our early supporters, asiacoin will also sustain its momentum charging reseller fee a-coin post ticket our platform... might fraction penny but allows ticket holders have the best travel commerce platform the world with virtually uptime. the travel ecosystem grows, will the value your a-coin tokens. you will able hold your a-coin funds, exchange with other ether based tokens instantly use the asiacoin ecosystem make ticket purchases. through experienced team, are dedicated ensuring that constantly create value the a-coin travel hub thereby delivering value increase the early a-coin token and token holders. table contents the future travel with asiacoin ............................................................................... asiacoin features .................................................................. asiacoinvalue ...................................................................... asiacoindevelopment............................................................ areas integration ............................................................ theico ............................................................................................. asiacoin secure storage ico............................................. teamasiacoin ................................................................................. asiacoin blockchain ticket demo and testing ............................. website security ............................................................................... legal aspects and disclaimer .................................................... references......................................................................... the future travel with asiacoin are the biggest currency shift human history and asiacoin has the potential become the biggest smart contract system the world for the travel market. asiacoin smart tokens will used the travel industry and bring all travel ecosystems together with public travel blockchain. addition existing travel options, are set see additional new methods, such space flights, air travel, city drones and self driving cars. meet needs today's and future travel options, team asiacoin confidently innovating this space through the asiacoin enabled eco system. the travel and tourism industry among the world's biggest industries. had global economic contribution (induced, direct and indirect) above trillion. the direct economic impact this industry, including entertainment, attractions, accommodation, and transportation, was approximately trillion. the travel industry the second-fastest rising sector internationally. the industry massive. according research from the world travel tourism council (wttc), this sector employs more people than the mining, automotive manufacturing, and financial services sectors combined globally. times more than automotive manufacturing times more than the global chemicals industry times more than global mining industry times more than the global banking industry times more than the financial services industry the travel sector makes for total worldwide employment with over million people working the industry billion invested annually into the industry yearly. travel sites make average commission per booking the time share industry valued billion and growing annually the average person north america stays nights overnight year spending average night (over billion year the alone) growing period rapid technological well cultural change has shaped the youngest generation, the millennials. the craving for exploring unique cultures well the desire for unique experience often drives millennials' travel. they desire authenticity, whether via utilizing public transportation even through eating typical local cookeries. travel statistics reveal that the millennials book travel online, with these utilizing digital tools order compare options. often, the millennials are highly influenced their social networks, depending recommendation well images posted others choose their destinations. travel global destinations provides them with exciting images post their feeds. providing transparent, self-serve booking experiences meet the millennials' need for autonomy. since this generation extremely conversant with technology and relies lot the internet, asiacoin will add new dimension their travel experience, also making transparent, easier, lower cost and fun. paying digitally through asiacoin would also take away the hassles due the arcane exchange rates associated with the currency conversion. all this will possible with just few clicks from the comfort using their own smartphones. why should someone buy asiacoin? asiacoin self-sufficient blockchain and fuels itself the fee generates each transaction. this means over time the more transactions being done the more asiacoin will burned creating shortage coins which will increase the value the coin. asiacoin blockchain will the future travel transactions because, customized handle travel ticketing systems our dapps have customized fields integrate with current travel systems where ticket holders and rewards programs can integrate one platform and make travel commerce convenient for the end user. more vendors and more users come onto the asiacoin platform, the more demand for the asiacoin ecosystem will and therefore raising the value the coin itself. why asiacoin better than other cryptocurrencies? have huge industry work with; have fantastic team with real contacts the industry. with other coin structured for the travel industry, asiacoin has captured the biggest industry the cryptocurrency market. with our specific integration into developing the best coin used the travel industry this will allow for adaptation into the real world markets painless possible and that's huge advantage asiacoin can bring over any other coins the world today. asiacoin features exclusively for the asiacoin owners, when commercially rolled out, the the asiacoin will provide following features lowest fees: asiacoin will offer fee. that's significantly lower than every major booking site. avoid double spending and double bookings: using asiacoin's smart contract system and the transparency due the blockchain, potential double booking double spending will eliminated. spendable rewards anytime: rewards program with set dollar figure involved for each point and spendable anytime and anywhere long overdue the travel industry. that's why asiacoin will implementing rewards program users that allows them earn cash back with purchases. trip planner: with the integration all major travel mediums this will allow for asiacoin offer the best trip planner ever seen, with travel from point "a" point "b" the best rate. real time booking: using asiacoin smart contracts and the blockchain users will have bookings confirmed real time. reseller services: ever booked trip and then tried cancel? not the easiest thing unless it's for medical emergency, and they usually charge hefty fee for cancellation. you pay upfront for trip cancellation insurance. asiacoin you'll able sell previously booked vacations/tours/trips another traveler. integration with daily travel: asiacoin will offer solutions for the everyday traveler, bus, taxi, just carpooling few the solutions offered. create your own travel destination for others: asiacoin will allow users create their own destinations for others whether it's cottage, beach house, simply carpooling downtown. essence, will offer many ways users can offer their services exchange for asiacoin cryptocurrency. asiacoin value overall, the travel industry continues grow and plays major role creating jobs and entrepreneurship opportunities globally. locales around the world obtain revenue well exposure their culture and heritage. due the massive web different platforms and the large size the networks, there exist some inefficiencies pain points the travel industry that require improvement process and communication. this would ensure that things are made easier for the traveler even businesses associated with this sector. one these pain points the currency conversion dilemma. offering cryptocurrency, asiacoin will ensure that travelers avoid the currency conversion charges. another major benefit this that carrying lot cash will needless, which extremely convenient when travelers are traveling foreign countries. asiacoin also makes travel easier helping travelers avoid bank fees associated with withdrawing money from atm even utilizing credit cards foreign countries. additionally, big problem experienced tourists the unavailability atms that support their cards. asiacoin helps avoid this problem. when paying using debit cards even credit cards, individual forced share their information with merchants. times, these merchants cannot trusted with our banking information. there high risk such information being leaked either deliberately unintentionally. this big security threat itself should enough convince people utilize our relatively safer digital token system. also issues e-coin token after the a-coin ico. investors a-coin get token after e-coin ico much a-coin. e-coin a-coin asiacoin development users will able put their own residences destinations for others choose, similar airbnb and receive payment travel coins that they can then spend other destinations/trips. with the involvement travel agencies and sites around the world asiacoin will become the main source currency used future travel and vacation industries. all want avoid the ever-rising cost fuel our modes transport. order make our daily transport convenient asiacoin committed making your commute easy and hassle free. areas integration from the ico proceeds, asiacoin will invest significantly end user compatibility and liquidity. have identified strategic partners participate asiacoin's ecosystem through technical integration points controlled via asiacoin apis (application programming interface). the dot-com era saw number startups grow into massive online travel agencies, disrupting traditional travel outlets and creating more convenience and flexibility for user. sharing economy services like uber and lyft, airbnb and homeaway are continuing this tradition disrupting industries through convenience and flexibility. asiacoin will continue this tradition disruption the travel industry single hub underpinned the tokens issued through this ico sale. through integration with our apis, asiacoin tokens can universally acceptable all travel systems including buses, bike rentals, cars, taxis, rideshare services, plane, air taxis, shared economy and future, the space travel. addition, users will able book travel directly our website. will partner with major travel suppliers and offer our users wealth options the lowest rates. ico structure the ico will feature limited tokens for sale, with each token creating brother token held asiacoin.(e-coin) after the ico more tokens will ever created. this means total coins will available for sale during the duration the ico i.e. from oct. nov. th. first month, after days, bonus. each milestone "dream vacations" will available raffle anyone who purchased more coins that given phase. mil development the website with integration major travel agencies when mil reached, dream vacations will rewarded lucky buyer who has purchased more than coins this phase mil mobile phone app for major ios, android and windows when mil reached, single dream vacation will rewarded lucky user who has purchased more than coins this phase mil mobile and paper wallet when mil reached, single dream vacation will rewarded lucky user who has purchased more than coins this phase mil credit card (travel pass) when mil reached, dream vacations will rewarded lucky user who has purchased more than coins this phase mil rewards program when mil reached, dream vacations will rewarded lucky user who has purchased more than coins this phase mil- integration the modern "time share" when mil reached, dream vacations will rewarded lucky user who has purchased more than coins this phase mil ride sharing integration well other common medians transportation when mil reached, dream vacations will rewarded lucky user who has purchased more than coins this phase mil asiacoin atms when mil reached, dream vacations will rewarded lucky user who has purchased more than coins this phase mil augmented reality when mil reached, asiacoin will implemented augmented reality mobiles you can save and shop asiacoin year roadmap nov. close off asiacoin ico dce. asiacoin will reach out exchanges even before coins are made available for withdrawal ensure quick and efficient listing relevant exchanges. quarter online web wallet our website will allow users hold and transfer coins and from. develop restful api for integration with gdss, otas, and other intermediaries and travel supplier platforms. quarter develop android, ios app check a-coin balance and send/ receive funds. quarter printable wallet for those who want paper trail/copy their hands. perfect for older generations who are not the most tech savvy. appealing all generations great opportunity ensure asiacoin becomes major player the travel industry. quarter integration with major industry partners rollout user ecosystem. physical card created with direct link the users' wallet for making purchases smoother. quarter travel rewards program, the more you use the asiacoin the more you get back! quarter website become fully usable mobile, including all features website version, buying tickets and android, and apple watch ready. asiacoin secure storage ico asiacoin using coinpayments provided and managed merchant account that utilizes bitgo's secure storage for ico. this further ensures scaleability, security, safety and transparency ico supporters. team asiacoin. chen xiaobing (director, ceo) yrs business intelligence, tourism president jason coles (director, cfo) cryptocurrency entrepreneur tariq habib (executive chair cto) technology and corporate advisory. ceo bvr innovations. pearce nemeth (strategy advisor) travel and ecommerce lavi malik (full stack developer) asiacoin smart contracts and dapps santosh kumar (developer) web and mobile sing (real time automation and security) global terry dafos (strategic communications) global chen xiaobing tariq habib jason coles terry dafos sing lavi malik pearce nemeth peter nemeth asiacoin will utilize solidity for token creation and distribution erc standard token protocol website security asiacoins.io https with google factor authentication legal aspects and disclaimer due the retrospective nature regulatory action, our team can make guarantees regarding the legality the platform launch ico campaign any given jurisdiction. a-coin tokens are not securities and not hold any rights the company. must operate our business accordance with the laws relevant jurisdictions. such, a-coin tokens may not immediately available certain countries. will keep a-coin buyers informed based quarterly investment reports. all legal, financial and operational aspects the a-coin, the erc protocol and associated travel eco systems will coordinated central management team singapore. please also review our terms and conditions before purchasing a-coin. references world travel tourism council (wttc) retrieved from https://www.wttc.org/research/economic-research/economic-impact-analysis/ berentsen, (). digital money, liquidity, and monetary policy (originally published july first monday. lynch, c., lundquist, (). digital money. lynch, c., lundquist, (). digital money: the new era internet commerce. john wiley sons, inc.. paleiov, i., angel, (). u.s. patent application no. /,. strasser, (). digital money. vigna, p., casey, (). the age cryptocurrency: how bitcoin and digital money are challenging the global economic order. new york, ny: st. martin's press. travel infographic travel goldrush http://www.amadeus.com/web/ amadeus/en_a- corporate/amadeus-home/resources-and-downloads/ infographics/-page- amad_documentsppal? assetid=&assettype=categorizable_p