whitepaper revision august contents contents introduction key technologies proof-of-stake comparison pow and dpos encryption blocks and block creation coins and forging process nodes transactions: fees and processing time segwit overview security block size and network capacity malleability and smart contracts lightning network key features wallet cloud mining low energy consumption agility and cost-efficiency risks and risk management security: attacks and hard forks inflation centralization micropayments pay-as-you-go advantages disadvantages prepay advantages disadvantages postpay advantages disadvantages future micropayments atb coin: solution for micropayments .conclusion whitepaper introduction introduction "imagine technology that could preserve our freedom choose for ourselves and our families, express these choices the world, and control our own destiny, matter where lived were born. what new tools and new jobs could create with those capabilities? what new business and services? how should think about the opportunities? the answers were right front us, compliments satoshi nakamoto." from blockchain revolution: how the technology behind bitcoin changing money, business, and the world don tapscott and alex tapscott https://www.amazon.com/blockchain-revolution-technology-changing-business/dp/ page whitepaper introduction since the introduction bitcoin, blockchain technology has grown leaps and bounds. blockchain has allowed not only cryptocurrencies flourish but has allowed traditional sectors such financial institutions utilize this technology. sharp rise price and usage bitcoin well other cryptocurrencies like ethereum, ripple, nem, litecoin, dash, monero has shown the world that the global financial system ready for change. the change that will take the industry whole new level where transparency, data integrity, and decentralization will become the main pillars its growth. bitcoin the most known and valued cryptocurrency the market capitalization. altcoins collective name for all other cryptocurrencies, and they have been diluting bitcoin's market share recent times. blockchain has been the dominant design peer-to-peer crypto currencies. however, blockchain technology still relatively young, and have the potential for exponential growth, leading new offerings the market. the atb coin one such new offerings. its state the art solution built around most advanced technological capabilities segwit lightning network deliver blazing fast, secure and near-zero cost payments anyone the world. designed overcome well-known inefficiencies within government central banks and other crypto currencies. induces transactions that are fully secure, private and anonymous. however, such rapid upward trend the popularity cryptocurrencies came with its drawbacks that may threaten the further integration the digital, decentralized currencies: increasing number attacks and forks double spending poor network security limited number available coins increasing complexity coin mining slow transaction processing increasing transaction fees price fluctuations lack malleability within the network the solution the problems mentioned above atb (alternative technology base) coin. atb coin innovative decentralized cryptocurrency incorporating the advanced technologies that tailor the needs primary market players users, investors, and business owners. page whitepaper key technologies key technologies blockchain technology the foundation crypto currency and the next "industrial revolution." decentralized ledger system with enhanced security, simple design and inexpensive operate. this system allows for transactions done with complete accuracy because fusion computer peer-to-peer (pp) technology, cryptography and database systems. the fusion these technologies leads data-storage system that immutable and irreversible, meaning that transactions cannot modified after signed and added block chain. deals become final, and there double spending. cryptography not only utilized for encrypting messages the ledger but also used sign the transactions users and prove these transactions are valid. with cryptography, blockchain does not require extra security solutions protect the authenticity operations. blockchain's decentralized and nature means that the ledger eliminates the need for data-center and disaster recovery center (drc). the result that the ledger will always and running. atb coin incorporates the best features pos-based crypto currencies. atb coin's users can achieve better decentralization, transparency, privacy, and cost-efficiency their financials. low energy consumption, ease use, and better network participation incentives work line with doubled network capacity, smart contracts, lightweight wallet, and cloud mining provide people from all over the world worthwhile, stable, and more reliable way handling their financial needs. page whitepaper proof-of-stake pow and dpos comparison proof-of-stake the first crypto currencies based the proof-of-stake algorithm, pos, appeared with peercoin, followed emercoin and nxt and blackcoin the primary objective the cryptocurrency blockchain algorithm achieve the distributed consensus within the network that secured significant number nodes. pos algorithm designed more eco-friendly, resource efficient, and reliable alternative crypto currencies based the proof-of-work algorithm, pow, that require massive amounts energy maintain the proper functioning and growth the network. coins pos-based crypto currencies are created through staking. other words, all nodes the network that possess any amount coins their wallet and keep the node online are automatically included the coin forging pool and are therefore are eligible create and sign blocks, securing the distributed consensus. may the world's second largest cryptocurrency, ethereum, announced that would make transition proof-of-stake algorithm the end ... pow and dpos comparison mentioned above, the only thing that nodes within pos cryptocurrency need maintain the security the network itself. therefore one needs have certain amount coins the wallet and keep the wallet online eligible earn. this mechanism eliminates the human factor the mining/forging process and helps avoid spending massive amounts electricity creating coins. the backbone and the most laconic property the proof-of-stake algorithm. apart from the proof-of-stake, two other algorithms exist the cryptocurrency world. the proof-of-work (pos) and delegated proof-ofstake (dpos) algorithms, which are both meant help blockchain reach distributed consensus and maintain the integrity the network. http://www.coindesk.com/ethereums-big-switch-the-new-roadmap-to-proof-of-stake/ page whitepaper pow and dpos comparison distributed consensus, term widely used computer science and crypto currencies. should interpreted mutual consensus among the majority its users, whether the data about the transaction the last block valid. this the case, the distributed consensus achieved, and the block will successfully signed, ensuring proper functioning the network. the data the last block false, then distributed consensus among active members the network will not reached, and therefore this block will not signed, avoiding the possibility various kinds attacks that jeopardize the system integrity allows for double spending. cryptocurrencies that use pow the distributed consensus the network reached with the help its active members, miners, who need use real computing produced hardware hash blocks and mine coins. though this may seem like the most robust and true-to-life method reaching the distributed consensus, actually leads several serious problems: requires massive amounts energy due the increasing difficulty mine coins. miners are required purchase expensive equipment survive the ever-growing mining market. the hardware gets outdated fast and eventually ends landfill site, harming the environment even more. such system leads the appearance miner monopolies that tend negatively influence the commission fees and transaction processing times and also leaves the possibility carrying out attack. delegated proof-of-stake, dpos, the latest blockchain algorithm which currently used cryptocurrencies like bitshares. its essence, it's very similar pos, but still has quite few changes that make different from the proof-of-stake algorithm. page whitepaper pow and dpos comparison/ encryption network nodes dpos cryptocurrencies create coins the same way the pos-based ones storing the currency the wallet. however, all necessary decisions within the network dpos cryptocurrencies are performed via the results elections organized the members the network. first sight, this mechanism may look more democratic and transparent, but also makes the system complicated, potentially less secure due the human factor involved, and decreases the user participation rate, this way causing centralization concerns. ... encryption atb coin uses several cryptographic algorithms for purposes ensuring the blockchain integrity and safety its users' coins. the first one ecdsa, public key cryptography algorithm, which associated with every coin the system utilizing public key, private key, and signature that every node the blockchain can verify the coin ownership. the second one robust one-way sha- encryption algorithm, which included sha- family cryptographic hash functions and considered classic the majority the world's cryptocurrencies. the sha- hash function used turn input data any size the blockchain into string bytes that impossible reverse predict. the case attack upon which some all such input data changed, the hash associated with this data will changed aswell, making impossible create different block data with the same hash. these two cryptographic algorithms ensure stable functioning the atb coin blockchain network where the ownership coins can easily verified, and distributed consensus achieved without the risk double spending. page whitepaper blocks and block creation coins and forging process ... blocks and block creation since atb coin cryptocurrency based pos algorithm, the creation blocks carried out through provision proof that the active network node possesses certain amount coins and therefore can participate the generation blocks. the active network node--meaning that user who keeps their wallet open--possesses certain amount coins, will eligible enter the block creation process sending the coins itself and proving their ownership. selection the creator the next valid block made using deterministic randomization formulas that take both the stake size and the lowest hash value into account, therefore avoiding centralization the cryptocurrency not letting the wealthiest members the network infinitely accumulate their capital. ... coins and forging process based the pos algorithm, active node the blockchain network atb coin randomly selected. the choice based their stake size. the appropriate wallet will receive daily reward roi for the contribution achieving the distributed consensus. fight the inflation and the market glut, two years after the ico and creation the genesis block the daily roi will decrease twofold. the reduction the reward two times will repeated every two years until the daily compensation rate reaches almost zero. pos cryptocurrency, atb coin will start with open ico. during the ico anyone will able purchase atb coin tokens and also can receive certain number atb coins bonus. the total number coins that are offered the public during the ico equals number coins the genesis block, which atb. page whitepaper nodes transactions: fees and processing time ... nodes the pos algorithm doesn't require massive amounts electricity wasted hashing blocks that are used store large amount data. the nodes atb coin are lightweight and use spv, standing for the simplified payment verification mode, which allows users download only part the blockchain relevant their node instead downloading the whole copy blockchain. ... transactions: fees and processing time take average transaction processing time pow-based cryptocurrency and compare with the same metrics pos-based one, shall see that the pos algorithm processes the transactions least two times faster. thanks the usage segwit, average each block four-times more efficient than the regular one. top that, the atb coin network creates new block within minutes against minutes pow-based crypto currencies. worthwhile mention that the capacity perform multiple transactions inside the atb coin network just sensational the case using the lightning network protocol side-chain payment solution top the original blockchain. the lightning network ideal platform for the micropayments industry. page whitepaper transactions: fees and processing time segwit when comes the transaction fees, they are estimated least ten times lower than those cryptocurrencies powered the pow algorithm. such significant decrease the transaction costs possible thanks lack physical mining coins pos algorithm and well-balanced distributions coins among all active members the network. segwit since more and more people are currently using crypto currencies for their everyday financial needs, the overall number transactions grows very rapidly. segwit created improve blockchain scalability increasing the block size limit thus decreasing the transaction processing time and fees. the segwit technology also enables execution smart contracts well side chain solutions like lightning network mentioned above. due the blockchain properties, txid (transaction id) block also includes information the previous inputs and outputs coins and wallets associated with this transaction occupying the block size. the increasing numbers and size block slow down and overload the network itself, leading slower processing times and higher fees. page whitepaper overview security ... overview segwit allows for writing into single block. the scriptsig data moved out the transactions and blockchain, both enhancing the network performance and preventing any possibility malleability attacks. apart from this, segwit provides broad range other important features like increased psh security (psh encryption key length bits now), linear scaling sighash operations, reducing utxo growth, overall efficiency gains, and on. segregated witness, which most often called segwit, proposed update the bitcoin protocol that was officially released october version the bitcoin core and this technology fully implemented atb coin. ... security all blockchain networks let their users perform kind escrow transactions called multisig. multi-signature transactions require five signatures from different parties sign transaction. currently, the majority crypto currencies use pay-to-script-hash (psh) protected -bit hash algorithm that known have loopholes, letting corrupt multisig transaction member steal money. segwit this vulnerability fixed using hash only sign single key transactions. all the multisig transactions are hashed using the -bit sha algorithm. page whitepaper block size and network capacity ... block size and network capacity initially, the block limit size was set satoshi nakamoto bitcoin for purposes protecting the network from dos and spam attacks, but since then became the default value used the majority world's cryptocurrencies. also, increased block limit size that introduced segwit improves the overall security the network and therefore allows for seamless and safe implementation smart contracts and broad range second layer solutions. since this limit leads slower transaction approval time and higher transaction fees within busy blockchain network, leading lower overall performance, segwit increases this limit per block excluding witness data, scriptsig and scriptpubkey fields with the signature data that occupies the transaction size, out the transaction. page whitepaper block size and network capacity malleability and smart contracts/ lightning network with the new block weight algorithm that segwit proposes, all non-witness data block amounts weight units per block and the witness data takes weight unit per block the same block. this constitutes increase the network capacity and performance. ... malleability and smart contracts when transaction sent over the blockchain network, any node that processes can make minor changes the signature data the txid this transaction. these small changes cannot influence the input and output transaction information meaning that still will sent and received the right people but can make the txid information unreliable, making more difficult trace within the blockchain. smart contracts technology that adds specific logic the transaction and serves evidence possession claim over something someone (e.g. tangible/intangible funds and resources well intellectual any other property). smart contracts turn regular transaction into powerful tool for accounting purposes. ... lightning network the lightning network solution that allows for sending instant and near-zero cost transactions one more users the network. the idea behind the lightning network create payment channels off the blockchain that users can send unlimited amount transactions between each other either securing them with only one ledger entry the blockchain and using the blockchain the arbiter through smart contracts applying trusted third party for escrow purposes. https://cointelegraph.com/news/the-ongoing-bitcoin-malleability-attack page whitepaper key features .key features apart from the features peculiar the proof-of-stake algorithm, atb coin beefed with segwit, and lightning network protocols. top that, atb coin boasts wide array features such user-friendly and lightweight wallets, cloud mining availability, forging incentives, and much more. we've implemented this all make our product convenient for everyone regardless their financial needs. page whitepaper wallet cloud mining wallet atb coin comes with array wallets for desktop, ios, android, and web applications. atb wallets provide all necessary features for the comfortable daily use the cryptocurrency and not require much space your smartphone. the outstanding advantage the atb wallet that requires very tiny amount space for its installation compared the bitcoin core and therefore can used anyone, anywhere, and anytime. atb coin designed over proof-of-stake algorithm, which makes full node wallets thing the past. since there's physical mining coins required and the distributed consensus achieved via proof possession coins one's wallet you are not obliged download the full copy the blockchain use atb coin, resulting less disk space usage. cloud mining was mentioned above, users atb coin not need constantly hash data using costly equipment that consumes lot electricity. however, enter the coin forging pool and able earn with atb coin, one simply needs keep the wallet online considered active blockchain node. aforementioned definitely better and lot more eco-friendly way maintaining the blockchain integrity and security yet might likewise lead some little unnecessary power spending. this one the reasons why atb coin offers cloud mining service available for all its users irrespective whether they are just regular users big investors. the cloud mining services will provided atb coin and several other trusted third-party companies that the cryptocurrency members can enjoy wide selection payment options and service conditions tailored especially their needs page whitepaper low energy consumption agility and cost-efficiency low energy consumption according publicly available statistics, currently, some the pow based cryptocurrencies use tw/h electricity annually, which comparable the total power consumption the entire country slovenia. rapid growth any pow based crypto currency will undoubtedly lead sustainable increase electricity consumption agility and cost-efficiency since atb coin based the proof-of-stake algorithm, which was also developed make cryptocurrencies more resource efficient and eco-friendly, our users don't need buy expensive equipment also known asics. most likely these asics get obsolete within just one year after purchase and eventually end the rubbish dump. it's waste massive amounts electricity performing unnecessary calculations. page whitepaper risks and risk management risks and risk management cryptocurrencies offer whole range tools and measures that are meant contribute the development more transparent, just, and open global financial market and ensure the security and growth the investor's capital. like any other complex and elaborate systems, cryptocurrencies thing present certain flaws and risks associated with any financial instrument. the sections below will explain such risks and talk about the ways balancing them and cutting their impact down the reasonable minimum. page whitepaper security: attacks and hard forks inflation security: attacks and hard forks there are various kinds attacks and vulnerabilities which crypto currency can potentially exposed. the most significant these threats are majority attack attack) that has with monopoly problems and double spending attack. most devastating attack can performed when one the nodes the blockchain possesses more computing power the whole network and therefore gains complete control over it. such attacks may theoretically take place the pow-based cryptocurrencies only. such case the evildoer needs purchase some serious mining equipment with the total cost more than billion. that sounds like lot, but fact, doable. attack not realistic atb coin network for the two following reasons: atb coin pos-based cryptocurrency, the attacker will need possess least all network resources. hacker will need purchase least million atb coins, which the genesis block right after launch. even such attack happens, won't beneficial for the attacker himself. this attack will affect the market rate the cryptocurrency negatively, meaning that the hacker will attacking himself and will suffer from losses. when comes double-spending attacks, atb coin they are prevented confirming every transaction that specified block contains. confirmed and considered valid the blockchain, transaction needs receive more confirmations. inflation due the fundamentals the pos algorithm that proposes daily reward exchange for the user's cooperation achieving the distributed consensus, all pos-based cryptocurrencies usually face inflation issues. page whitepaper inflation centralization inflation risks atb coin are minimal thanks the relatively small amount coins the genesis block. atb coin's genesis block contains only million coins, and the reward will decreasing percent every two years. that will ensure stable workflow for the new users atb coin the years come. centralization another issue for all crypto currencies irrespective whether they are based pow, pos, dpos algorithm centralization concerns. since it's both illogical and too costly perform attack for posbased cryptocurrency, the centralization the network atb coin very unlikely. additional measure against centralization, the creator the next valid block the atb coin blockchain will selected using deterministic randomization formulas. these formulas are based the stake size and the lowest hash values that will limit wealth accumulation possibilities and ensure that the cryptocurrency doesn't get centralized. page whitepaper micropayments micropayments micropayment traditionally defined online mobile, real-time deferred, financial transaction below amount. micropayment small online payment that usually not feasible through traditional money transfer mechanisms like credit cards due the fees being significant percentage the transaction. micropayments are used variety contexts, from paying for access single article tipping someone the internet. you can charge customers purchase-by-purchase basis for range digital goods, apps, including access news content, online music, shows films, mobile recharges and transit payments today's online world, there are three general models managing micropayments. one the models, called pay-as-you-go, what one might consider "classic micropayments": user priced the fly. this model does not often work due many reasons, and instead, two other models have been proposed that attempt solve the shortcomings pay-as-yougo. the prepay model and the postpay accordingly. each has its advantages and disadvantages, with none the models being perfect. page whitepaper pay-as-you-go advantages disadvantages pay-as-you-go with the pay-as-you-go model, internet users are charged the fly for purchases that they would like make. this means that soon the user wants purchase access article some other virtual good, their credit card will charged for the amount the transaction. advantages allows the user pure carte experience. they only purchase what they want, and they pay when they want to. the merchant can market low cost virtual goods user who may otherwise balk paying higher price for bulk access. when credit card information stored with the merchant, the low price individual micropayments may encourage the user partake "impulse" buying, similar how retailers put low cost candy bars, magazines, etc. check out lanes. disadvantages allows the user pure carte experience. they only purchase what they want, and they pay when they want to. the merchant can market low cost virtual goods user who may otherwise balk paying higher price for bulk access. when credit card information stored with the merchant, the low price individual micropayments may encourage the user partake "impulse" buying, similar how retailers put low cost candy bars, magazines, etc. check out lanes. page whitepaper prepay advantages disadvantages prepay with the prepay model, customer authorizes the merchant charge their card for certain amount, which usually converted into virtual currency. that currency can then used purchase whatever that particular merchant offering online. alternate form prepaying eliminates the online transaction and instead places gift cards brick and mortar stores. customers can purchase these cards and enter unique codes the back the card online have their account credited for the amount they paid. prepay can also take the form subscription models where users pay front for monthly yearly access certain content, such newspapers and premium content online games. advantages paying large sum front makes the transaction worth terms the processing fees that get tacked on. physical gift cards are available, users can choose how pay, which especially useful when the user does not have credit debit card use online. disadvantages merchants need maintain system that tracks how much credit every user has hand. the merchant has gift cards brick and mortar stores, they must pay distribute them. with subscription models prepay, the carte experience lost. users pay front for access everything, whether they want not. depending the prepaid amounts available, users may not easily dish out for virtual credit they would pay-as-you-go model. page whitepaper postpay/ advantages disadvantages postpay the postpay model, instead paying front paying the fly, users instead pay after they decide make purchase, similar more traditional online shopping models. postpay effective alternative pay-as-you-go due microtransactions being aggregated rather than charged individually. what usually happens that merchant will track user's individual microtransactions, and then after certain amount time where more transactions are made, the merchant will aggregate the individual purchases and bill them one amount. similar prepay, postpay can also adopt subscription model where users gain unlimited access certain features and are then billed standard fee the end the month. this less common, however, than prepay subscription models. advantages users not need pony larger sum money start making purchases. the carte experience preserved. aggregating payments can drastically reduce number transaction fees that merchant will pay. the impulse buying that the pay-as-you-go model also preserved postpay. disadvantages merchants need create system that tracks purchases and then attempts aggregate them thoughtfully reduce transaction fees. users can still purchase only one item, say -cent song, and then not purchase anything else, leaving the merchant choice but process the microtransaction itself. this does not allow for users without credit debit card make purchase, users can with prepay gift cards. page whitepaper future micropayments atb coin: solution for micropayments future micropayments several companies such flattr and paypal provide micropayment support and solve specific use-cases. cryptocurrency makes micropayments easy implement and send without involving any third-party implement their micropayment protocols. bitcoin fees make hard send fractions dollar value, but this still possible with atb coin. the basic problem with micropayments that requires considerable fee the third party (the centralized service) and hence makes such transactions effectively expensive. bitcoins and other crypto currencies charge minimal transaction fees (it could even free some cases), and that doesn't depend the number transactions. hence offers viable alternative for such transactions. the process involved much simpler and definitely avoids the headache currency conversions. atb coin: solution for micropayments there hasn't been any innovation online payment space the past decade. all online payment services, such dwolla and paypal, are more less the same and work with your credit card bank account both. the opportunity create system that can significantly cut down credit card and bank fees the payment networks can huge benefit for ecommerce and online retailers that operate small margins would benefit greatly from cost saving. atb coin not centralized and does not depend any banks credit card companies; thus, the transaction costs are much much lower than those the existing payment systems. the world the internet things, the use atb coin can reduce transaction costs and limitations cash and card payments. this includes any service machine that relies automated payment such bus ticket booths, vending machines, car rentals etc. with atb coin have truly autonomous environment where two machines can interact and exchange funds without human factor involved. for example, your car may have digital wallet that can used pay for gas, tolls, any other automated services. the electronic payment space needs some innovation, and perhaps the time right for digital currency such atb coin disrupt the market and bring the next wave technology and startups. page whitepaper conclusion conclusion this whitepaper has been prepared provide the most detailed information about atb coin concerning its key characteristics and features, the most important technologies used its development, and risks associated with it. have succeeded finding out and establishing that the proof-of-stake consensus atb coin based fact more secure, just, and eco-friendly well less corrupt and less difficult use comparision the proof-ofwork algorithm. the same time, the latest technologies that atb coin powered like segwit and lightning network and the proprietary features like cloud mining and forging incentives make truly agile, cost- efficient, and user-friendly tool that can satisfy the needs for financial freedom any person irrespective their place birth, technical competence, social status. despite the potential micropayment systems very few systems have been successful their acceptance limited certain communities such specific online games social networks. atb coin new progressive crypto currency, which supports unlimited number transactions between different devices high speed with its lightning network technology, which makes viable option for micropayments. atb coin has already signed contracts with some big players around the world, and are ready take the financial industry the next level. page whitepaper www.atbcoin.com good for business good for you