payment budget management decentralized app leveraging the blockchain, cryptocurrency and technologies whitepaper version august atidium cryptocurrency created resource better manage your budget. you will get control for your payments thanks smart contracts that you can create less than minute! you will get control for your expenses thanks artificial intelligence engine that will teach you how manage your budget easily. ideal for anyone from individuals and families small businesses and large corporations. easy-to-use money management system, atidium can used all around the world. visit our website www.atidium.io and join now. here's the crazy ones. the misfits. the rebels. the troublemakers. the round pegs the square holes.. the ones who see things differently. they're not fond rules. and they have respect for the status quo. you can quote them, disagree with them, glorify vilify them. about the only thing you can't ignore them. because they change things. they push the human race forward. while some see them the crazy ones, see genius. because the people who are crazy enough think they can change the world, are the ones who do." steve jobs table contents ------------------------------------------------------------------------------ page disclaimer ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- page introduction the ceo ----------------------------------------------------------------------- page our team ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- page the purpose atidium ------------------------------------------------------------------------ page what atidium ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------- page currency features atd -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- page the atidium mobile decentralized application --------------------------------------------------------------------------- page the regular atd token and the atd cash token ---------------------------------------------------------------------- page the ways for transfer and use the tokens -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- page the atidium debit card ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- page conversion model atd token ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- page techniques and methods used the app --------------------------------------------------------------------------------- page budget management advisor ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- page suitable budget management advisor ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------- page atidium dapp use cases our modern world -------------------------------------- page use case personal budgeting -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- page atidium financial social network --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- page use case original birthday present ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ page use case friends vacation plan ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- page atidium financial education tool for your children ------------------------- page use case -educational mission and reward ------------------------------------------------------------------------- page use case supporting your student children ---------------------------------------------------------------------- page atidium business solution ------------------------------------------------------------- page use case employee expenses ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- page roadmap ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- page airdrop ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- page token distribution model ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- page frequently asked questions ----------------------------------------------------------------------- page sources --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- page want part the new world? ------------------------------------------------------- page disclaimer the purpose this white paper present atidium and the atd token potential token holders connection with the proposed airdrop. the information this white paper provide relevant and reasonable information potential token holders order for them determine whether purchase atd tokens and does not imply any elements contractual relationship. this document not composed accordance with, and not subject to, laws regulations any jurisdiction, which are designed protect investors. the product token not digital currency, security, commodity, any other kind financial instrument and has not been registered under the securities act, the securities laws any state the united states the securities laws any other country, including the securities laws any jurisdiction which potential token holder resident. while our best ensure that any material this white paper accurate and date, such products, services, technical architecture, token distribution, company timelines such material could subject change without notice and way constitutes binding agreement the provision professional advice. the event any conflicts inconsistencies between translations and communications and this official english language white paper, the provisions this english language original document shall prevail. atd tokens confer rights the company and not represent participation the company. atd tokens are not securities. the user acknowledges, understands, and agrees that atidium tokens are not securities and are not registered with any government entity security, and shall not considered such. atd tokens are not official legally binding investments any kind. risks and uncertainties the atidium platform not yet developed and subject further changes, updates, and adjustments prior its launch. such changes may result unexpected and unforeseen effects its projected appeal users, possibly due the failure meet users' preconceived expectations based this white paper, and hence, impact its success. for the foregoing any other reason, the development the atidium platform and launch atidium future business lines may not completed and there assurance that will launched all. all parties involved the purchase atd tokens their own risk. the funds raised the airdrop are exposed risks theft. the company will make every effort ensure that the funds will securely held block chain wallets. such event, even the airdrop completed, the company may not able receive the cryptocurrencies raised and atidium may not able use such funds for the development the atidium platform. such case, the launch the atidium platform might temporarily permanently curtailed. cancellation and refund all atd token orders are deemed firm and final. the client acknowledges that they are fully aware that they will not entitled claim any full partial reimbursement under any circumstances whatsoever. the company not responsible for, nor does pursue, the circulation and trading atd tokens the market. trading atd tokens will merely depend the consensus its value between the relevant market participants. information contained this white paper should considered promise, representation commitment undertaking the future performance the atidium platform and atd token. introduction the ceo since started researching the bitcoin and blockchain technology realized the enormous potential hidden the new crypto world. are the generation that experiencing the substantial growth crypto currency, right before our eyes. during years research the crypto world, have experienced variety areas: physical and cloud mining, trading various trading arenas, investing new icos, and exploring different aspects the blockchain technology. the more dove into it, the more realized the impact had the world. after understanding the blockchain technology, realized that the problem had encountered over the years was the same this technology seems available everyone, but unfortunately not accessible everyone learn and understand the next best thing... remember thinking lot about the question: "how does technology help humanity, however good may be, large number people find difficult manage?" found that the world really moving time when are less dependent the different banks and institutions that profit our expense, than our responsibility for managing money and our budget much greater! write about lot the white paper. today, more than ever, important that know how manage our expenses and revenues. those who don't will find difficult lead normal life the new era. date, there not good tool help manage our financial budget, and certainly not one that emphasizes the use third party payment spending. fortunately, the crypto world have smart contracts, the ability convert crypto currencies into existing fiat money, and the artificial intelligence technology analyze and improve our consumer behavior, but currently, there real product that combines all these ideas together that accessible everyday people. this stage, consulted with cousin shlomit guy, doctor anthropology, about the spending habits people according their cultures. then, understood the necessity for open source global money management tool. together, with amazing staff, decided take this challenge. three guiding questions were: can make all this wonderful technology available the common users? will the tools that create give real value people? and will the tools still relevant for another years? realized that the answers these questions were reachable and decided give green light creating the company. after many sleepless nights which planned, detail, how would produce winning and accessible product for everyone, established atidium. invite you through the white paper and the wonderful content our website, and course contact me, personally, over any questions about atidium. regards, eliav cohen, co-ceo and co-founder our team eliav cohen co-ceo and co-founder idan more co-ceo and co-founder eliran cohen cto and co-founder alexander kap project manager vladislav natochen product development valentin korobko blockchain expert dr. shlomit guy anthropology, business strategy consultant lior mash product lead steph galindo palacio spanish marketing manager atidium payments budget management decentralized application, maximizing the benefits the blockchain. established atidium for one purpose: help people, organizations and companies manage their budget better. many people have trouble managing money and controlling their budget. the reason for this first and foremost related our dna often tend overwhelmed our instincts instead our actual needs. these days easier than ever for waste money that cannot afford waste. have gathered global facts about the price increase for consumer spending that will explain why important start operating and managing our budget more wisely. according study forbes, the millennial generation spends more money than then they make. college students complete their degree with student debt housing prices most parts the world increases significantly every year. many people leave their hometown due lack funds. according the jama study, the alone, health expenses rose total billion dollars the big organizations and companies that run our daily lives, those who provide basic services and derive taxes and other fees are also preventing individual progress. gordon moore, one the founders the big tech company intel, predicted that because computing power will double every two years, will boost all other technology prices for luxuries today higher than ever before. most millennials waste the majority their money food, entertainment and gadgets. the fashion and jewelry industries have also increased their prices significantly. according research the economist, prices real estate average each year the global health systems prices are increasing each year due the massive profits that the pharmaceutical companies are drawing. according business insider's research, many countries, taxes imposed civilians are more than the amount technological innovation that came along the century the largest human history. now easier than ever spend money still not have luxuries. are facing another problem that just important the rise global prices the biggest problem face today the lack control over our current expenses. how many people truly know how much money they spend food, clothes, luxuries and bills? every country where this study was conducted, the answer was always unequivocal: people have control over their expenses (as the pareto principle). completely honest with yourself and ask, you know exactly how much money you will put your credit card this month? have you cut down shopping recent months? how much are you going pay for electricity and water consumption next month? the majority people not have definite answers these questions. can people, organizations and businesses manage their budget wisely? believe that everyone can manage their budget optimally they stick these four sets rules: educate train future savings manage track setting goals what atidium, and how will help you plan your budget have previously stated, established atidium ease the difficulties humanity financial budget management. provide great solutions for both the private sector and the business sector. order implement our goals, opened entire trading network top eos blockchain for the trading network called atidium. our token the atd symbol. we're also developing app that will bring out the wonderful features this token, which will discuss detail the following pages. cryptocurrency features atd atd cryptocurrency eos-based token and will generate profits. half the profits will deposited rewards pool. the money from the pool will rewarded the app contributors. the remaining amount will distributed according the volume used the token holder. atidium's system built open source that anyone can make changes according the model that suits them. for example: token expiration date the ability set token use and end date according the conditions the pre-existing smart contract that has been applied the token. token value the ability organize your tokens use based color scheme, objective and monetary value. token pre-conditioning the ability for the sender authorize the receiver how, where and when the token may used. the atidium mobile decentralized app the tokens the atidium network will managed unique application that have developed. the app will work all android and ios devices and will available languages! the app will allow every person, any organization business manage and spend funds smart way. the user will able buy atd tokens through exchanges with other cryptocurrencies like eos and more. after downloading the app you will have option join our rewards program atidium explorer. atidium explorer, the app will ask different questions about the business you are shopping at. make sure the data have accurate you can add information that may missing. those added businesses will create discounts especially for atidium users and will able highlight their business with many special features from atidium decentralized app for small fee. half the profits will deposited into rewards pool. the money from the pool will rewarded the app contributors. the remaining amount will distributed amongst the token holders according the amount they hold. the rewards pool will given monthly. the only thing you will need claim your reward sign the app and claim your new atd tokens! the regular atd token and the atd cash token the very first question that our investors asked is: "if you build payment app and give new way pay with cryptocurrency, and it's known that the crypto market unstable, how can you give the user the confidence that won't lose all his money, even before will use the app?" the answer: the user can convert atd tokens atd cash tokens and lock their current price! the differences between the two tokens: atd atd cash this the regular atidium token created this token give the user the option lock the price the tokens long the user leaves the regular wallet, its price will affected the stock changes. the app gives the ability convert atd token atd cash token. once the user does so, the token price locked the fiat currency that the user will choose. can sent from wallet wallet cannot sent from wallet wallet will traded the various stock exchanges it's not tradeable token, but the user can always convert atd cash token atd token. use case: joe lives the and planning trip thailand. has usd worth atd tokens and wants lock their price. converts, easily, his usd atd tokens thb atd cash tokens that with much cheaper conversion fee than the physical change business his country thailand. after came back home, still has thb atd cash tokens his atidium digital wallet. convert them again atd tokens and still has the budget needs for next month. the ways for transfer and use the tokens our app has variety payment methods. for the first time history, user will able transfer his money smart contact the user can set different kind values and conditions that the third party should follow get the payment. you can read about the next pages. direct transfer between accounts the atidium network. the transactions are very fast and safe. the atidium app will use the nfc protocol (near-field communication) pay millions cashiers around the world. every user will able order debit card with live sync with his atidium digital wallet. our debit card international can used almost every country the world. the user who hold the atidium debit card will able withdraw his money from millions atms around the world. the atidium debit card the atidium debit card international and can used make online and the atidium debit card the atidium debit card international and can used make online and physical purchases. can also used regular atms all over the world. our debit card will sent directly your home, anywhere the world, for nominal fee. your debit card will sync with the atidium app real-time and will convert atd the local fiat currency. every transaction will aim for the lowest possible fee. also, atidium will create pre-defined card types, holding individual colors for individual needs. atidium blue online only atidium red atm only atidium green card ages and below, full parental control atidium platinum card for vip costumers conversion model atd main token the atidium debit card will work anywhere the world, long the specific country supports transactions with the major credit card companies. are currently negotiating with few major credit card companies. with that said, will sign agreement with the lowest transaction fee solution, for the atidium community. our conversion model simple: once request for payment withdrawal made the atidium app, your atd token will immediately converted the current value the local currency that you have chosen, and you will able use your debit card with ultra-low fees thanks the amazing world cryptocurrency and the blockchain technology. this huge benefit for users that travel around the world and want save unnecessary conversion fees! are you sure you want send atd? ($) send tokens real-time currency conversion t-shirt techniques and methods used the app keep the four set rules (setting goals, managing and monitoring, saving for the future, education and training) the app will act personal account manager for the user, and will offer many features that will ease the user through the process. order develop the application, have used technologies such smart contracts the blockchain network, multi-level security system prevent hacking and keep the user's information safe. have also used the most advanced systems offer easy access assistance for users. have used nlp techniques the app, well social media gamification improve future budget management. after purchasing atd tokens, the desired amount will added the app wallet. the user will able set characteristics and conditions such color, designation, and expiration date. also, the single and total token value will shown other currencies such eos, btc, usd, eur just help the user understand the value. for example: atd usd green tokens worth which are designated for going-out purposes for the next month. (movie theater, restaurants, pubs etc...) red tokens worth which are designated for shopping for electric appliances for your home this way you can plan your budget advance and keep track your expenses real time. the app will know and analyze the colors, statistics, and recommendations for you. the longer you use the app, the more you can use the statistics and get better understanding what you spend and how you can improve your financial planning and budget. for example: "on mondays you usually spends more restaurants than other days" budget management advisor another key feature, which development stage, our budget management advisor. touch button, the app will able learn and advise the user how manage and improve their day-to-day financial behavior. the budget management advisor can configured with push notifications give the user real-time tips and alerts. for example: daily weekly monthly tips studies. upcoming bills notifications (rent, electricity, gym etc...) excess exceeded budget notifications. current real-time atd market price. will develop more features the future. suitable budget management advisor different societies have different consumer cultures. order produce suitable cultural advisors, need beyond translating the application into different languages. our diverse group advisors will thrive help each individual understanding the consumer culture each society which the currency operates. for this purpose, the research and development department will study consumer culture every market that applicable. suitable advisor will designated for each culture region, based its accepted values and norms, the way they perceive money, and the relations between parents and children. setting people with local, culture-based advisors will ensure they feel though the token was created specifically for them. this way the buyers are likely invest atd since have advisors from all different backgrounds. that the power atidium. use case correct personal budgeting thomas, london thomas purchased atd tokens and decided divide them into three sub-currencies: tokens were painted red and designated for dining. tokens were painted yellow and designated for parties. tokens were painted blue and designated for gym payments. after half year, thomas realized that had spent his entire budget parties and the gym, and had money left. however, still had tokens use restaurants. chooses keep the remaining tokens his wallet for future savings. after tracking his expenses, purchases atd tokens again, this time divided differently: tokens were painted red and designated for dining. tokens were painted yellow and designated for parties. tokens were painted blue and designated for gym. also set aside savings tokens that were combined with the tokens that were not consumed the first six months. after using the app for year: thomas understood exactly how his budget had been divided. managed save money: tokens were saved tokens were saved total atd tokens were saved. thomas now knows how plan his budget for next year and even needs invest less money because the prior years' savings. thomas budget management the half the year: thomas purchases atd tokens dining tokens tokens left parties tokens tokens left gym tokens tokens left savings tokens thomas budget management the second half the year: thomas purchases atd tokens dining tokens tokens left parties tokens tokens left gym tokens tokens left tokens for savings total savings atidium socio-economic network once you understand how the application helps you financially sound, let's see how can strengthen your social connections! with the many features atidium's smart application, you can open internal social network with people your choosing. since you can send atd currency another user and only allow consumed according the conditions you set, you are immediately the ceo your social network! what conditions you can set: you can set goal for how the recipient can use tokens. you can set when the tokens will valid, just like coupon. you can condition the use tokens according the tasks the recipient will given. you can also open shared wallet with several users, each whom will transfer tokens it. this will make easier raise funds for house committee, class, gift for another. the app combines gamification and ratings encourage the recipient the token use you set it. the recipient successful, will get gold star. recipient unsuccessful will get black star for failure. use case original birthday present shivam and nitin, new delhi shivam purchased atd tokens and sent them his good friend nitin honor his birthday. shivam defined that tokens are saved for year. also defined that nitin will only allowed spend the other tokens during specific dates throughout the year. addition, shivam defined that nitin may only use the tokens for the purpose enjoying time with his lovely wife, who hasn't been spending much time with lately, before specific date. nitin chose honor the defined terms and took his wife dinner within the expected timeframe. shivam then awarded nitin with gold star. the end the year, after the atd tokens were released from the savings higher value, nitin bought himself new shirt. all parties were satisfied and nitin enjoyed the original and thoughtful gift from shivam! scenario nitin honored the defined terms and therefore received all the tokens gold star condition: tokens locked for year. saving. shivam conditions met. used tokens gold star award nitin condition: use tokens june condition: tokens spend time with the lovely wife scenario nitin did not honor the defined terms not taking his wife out before the deadline and therefore received black star the tokens which shivam had defined saving for year. the other tokens, which were kept the network, were returned shivam. condition: tokens locked for year. saving. shivam condition: use tokens june tokens returned shivam condition: tokens spend time with the lovely wife tokens received nitin use case friends vacation plan haruhi, kaya and yei, tokyo the three friends had been discussing taking vacation together for many years without success. they decided something different this year and use atidium there would room for excuses. they opened shared wallet and each them transferred tokens from their own wallet. they determined that they could use atd tokens only for vacation purposes and only within months. while the tokens remained the wallet they accumulated interest and increased the mutual fund until the day they chose use them. after the vacation, tokens remained the wallet, and they chose leave them there for their next vacation. tokens token were used vacation tokens tokens tokens tokens are locked for vacation purposes only token expiration date set for months tokens left shared wallet for reuse atidium financial education tool for your children the nfec (council educators financial national) conducted test that examined the level awareness that u.s. residents had their financial assets. the test was conducted group more than thousand people different ages, from different countries. the results the younger generation were bleak: ages only passed the test, with average score ages only passed the test, with average score today, more than ever, atidium believe that integral part our children's education knowing how manage their money right. explained earlier, easier than ever spend money luxuries and things that not really need. the younger someone is, the less control they possess over their own instincts. the atidium application can help you provide good financial education for your children through variety unique features which can edited according your needs and your worldview for your children's education. the next page, will expand upon the features and bring forth examples accompanied infographics. examples use for financial education children the application will allow you define smart contract that sends your child tokens according his grades the school. you can also set smart contract that will send your child tokens according other tasks you assign him, such taking the dog for walk, washing the dishes, babysitting younger sibling etc. use case educational missions and rewards task reward: atd tokens dennis got biology test dennis made his homework task reward: atd tokens danny take the dog out task failed: atd tokens back the parent the application will allow you send tokens your children and set where they can use them. when you so, you can rest assured that your children are only spending their allowance places that you have approved and under certain conditions, desired. once your children have the tokens their digital wallet, they will help the security the atidium network (delegatedproof stake) and also learn how save money. your child needs additional pocket money and currently the store, you can easily send them allowance through the app with touch button. you can reject their request well. your children will able track their expenses and savings using the statistics the application. dennis's application screen balance notification atd dennis requesting atd tokens request tokens accept reject parent's application screen use case supporting your student son john supporting his dear son michael while going college, and gives him monthly allowance budget. john only allows the allowance used buy food the college cafeteria, rent the dorms, and some spare cash. john using atidium manage his own day day budget. michael asked for extra allowance for food twice month, and with notification tip from the budget management advisor, john decided add michael his atidium network and give michael allowance with specific colors. this way john will able pre-condition the tokens where they can used before sends them michael. thanks atidium john can know his dear son michael eating and sleeping well. john can used only for rent can used only for food can used any atm michael atidium business solution using atidium method payment and expense tracking the perfect solution for businesses well local international organizations. our payment method, paints the tokens and sets designation and expiration date. this helps the organization plan and track its budget real time. the employees also benefit from the system, because they have the ability comfortably track their expenses, well take advantage tokens that they did not use. this option that does not exist payment method today. the employee's ability refinance funds that they did not use will improve their conduct. this will also save the employee some the money received, which will improve the company's overall morale. addition, atidium provides the possibility for any business create wide range smart contracts that will make significantly easier manage current payments. use case employee expenses step company sends monthly budget colored tokens employee's atidium digital wallet. step employee can returns unused painted tokens the company and can choose between receiving regular atd tokens different color tokens. the conversion can done only company and involve pre-defined fees (defined the company). the end the month, the employee still has green tokens green tokens intended for food red tokens for gas blue tokens for professional wear the employee used all red tokens employee used all blue tokens roadmap december the idea unique simple blockchain solution, budget management payment tool for everyone including businesses, families, friends and traders was conceived and atidium born. june february decision the eos blockchain our new ground for development and deployment the atidium network the atidium network publicly announced. the atidium token (atd) airdrop launches. the atd cryptocurrency born. september december the beginning the atidium dapp testing with our alpha version 'clementine'. implementation the budget advisor. the budget advisor unique tool, developed atidium dev team that will learn our spending\earning behavior and will give daily tips and missions. january implementation other atidium features shared wallet, immediately allowance transfer between parents children and the reward system. february beta launch for testers the atidium core network and dapp. open-source code released. march june our focus will now the business sector. we're implementing atidium network api improving the workspace environment for our business partners, want make sure our product being adopted seamlessly and growing naturally, will based user-feedback and will lead the release our atidium api suite official launch the atidium network full version dapp. june atidium now completely open-source decentralized payment and budget application. airdrop the airdrop will done all eos addresses holding eos ratio exchanges will added slowly. this done order ensure organic growth the atd tokens value limiting the risk price manipulation any participant. total token supply (atd) ,,, atd tokens airdrop: atd tokens development marketing: atd tokens team: atd tokens snapshot date: genesis snapshot airdrop date: june token distribution model ),,( team ),,( ),,( tokens will airdropped eos token holders development marketing utility human resources frequently asked questions what airdrop? airdrop for cryptocurrency procedure distributing tokens awarding them existing holders particular blockchain currency, such eos, bitcoin ethereum. what atidium? atidium payment budget management decentralized application, maximizing the benefits the blockchain. keep the four set rules, (setting goals, managing and monitoring, saving for the future, education and training) the app will act personal account manager for the user, and will offer many features that will ease the user through the process. when does the airdrop snapshot will taken? genesis snapshot need special wallet for the tokens? atd tokens can stored the atidium mobile app well atd eos token and can help the eos platform and specific eos exchanges. there bounty affiliate program? yes. ongoing bounty for year. can work for atidium? yes. atidium constantly hiring, expanding and improving. please send email with your information contact@atidium.io what problem are you solving? most people, organizations and companies have had difficulty managing money and controlling their budget. the reason for this first and foremost related our dna often tend overwhelmed our instincts instead our actual needs. these days easier than ever for waste money that cannot afford waste. how are you planning solve this problem? provide great solutions for both the private sector and the business sector, the tokens the atidium network will managed unique application that have will develop. the app will allow anyone, any organization, business manage and spend money smart way. when will get tokens? the atd tokens will airdrop automatically, with further action needs done eos token holder, your eos wallet june th, ratio when will the application released? will release our official android app including the budget advisor. shortly after the atidium dev team will also launch the official ios application. what the supply limit atd tokens? total supply ,,, atd tokens. will airdropped eos token holder, are reserved for development and marketing, team. how can participate airdrop? the tokens will sent all eos token holders ratio for free with action needed the holder. which countries can you use atidium? you can use atidium any country the world where the internet available. sources page "forbes" article about millenials. https://www.forbes.com/sites/larissafaw////why-millennials-arespending-more-than-they-earn/#effddc page "economist" research about real estate prices rise. https://www.economist.com/blogs/graphicdetail///daily-chart- page "jama" research about medical prices rising. https://jamanetwork.com/journals/jama/fullarticle/?resultclick= page "bussiness insider" research about high tax prices. http://www.businessinsider.com/wef--countries-with-the-highest-tax-rates-inthe-world-- page "moore's law" reference https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/moore%s_law page "nfec" research about correct financial education for millenials. https://www.financialeducatorscouncil.org/financial-literacy-test want part the new world? blockchain's internet's worldwide invention the adoption internet's worldwide recognition invention the internet blockchain technology worldwide recognition blockchain's worldwide adoption join now! www.atidium.io contact@atidium.io t.me/atidium facebook.com/atidium