atlant platform white paper t.me/atlant_eng medium.com/@atlantio reddit.com/user/atlantio goo.gl/rqrej twitter.com/atlantio julian svirsky neil mohinani denis donin table contents intro .............................................................................................................................................................. abstract ......................................................................................................................................................... blockchain quick review ........................................................................................................................... problem buying selling property .......................................................................................................... solution buying selling property .......................................................................................................... problem high rental middleman fees fake reviews .......................................................................... solution eliminating the high rental middleman fees fake reviews ................................................. tokenization and listing for trading properties ..................................................................................... property inventory and sourcing ............................................................................................................ property token offering ......................................................................................................................... rental income ......................................................................................................................................... reserve fund........................................................................................................................................... reserve fund drawdown provision ........................................................................................................ duties the management company ..................................................................................................... change management company ......................................................................................................... buyout purchase significant stake ................................................................................................. delisting/buyout the property ............................................................................................................ details property offerings .................................................................................................................. trading tokenized assets ....................................................................................................................... technology .................................................................................................................................................. overview ................................................................................................................................................. atlant technology stack ....................................................................................................................... atlant software components ............................................................................................................... ricardian contracts ................................................................................................................................. references .................................................................................................................................................. http://atlant.io intro atlant platform (hereinafter "atlant") building next generation global real-estate platform based blockchain technology. believe blockchain has the potential help accelerate the adoption the sharing economy which has already begun unleash industry disruption opening significant amounts previously untapped private capacity and tokenization property may completely change real estate transactions and ownership transfer know them. that why are using the token crowdsale mechanism pre-sell our product and finance development opposed traditional venture capital. with secure, tamper-proof system based the blockchain, users can trade parcels property our platform and bypass intermediaries rental deals, transacting (peer-to-peer), all which will enhance ease use and security for guests and hosts alike, streamlining user experience and driving accelerated adoption. real estate the largest asset class the world, and also one the most inefficient. our aim empower the trillion global real estate market with volume trillion seek more transparent and liquid way invest and trade. atlant platform seeks help subdivide individual parcels real estate into tokens, and subsequently pto (property token offering) and list them exchanges, starting with the decentralized adex exchange based ethereum smart contracts. such endeavor would ease transfer ownership, simplify fractional holding without minimal constraints, alleviate tax inefficiencies, make cross-border transactions simple, and eliminate substantial overhead faced certain jurisdictions due unnecessary middlemen. tokenizing property will allow real estate assets uniquely identified via digital record that contains information regarding occupancy, physical characteristics, legal status, historical performance, and financial position. barnes al., around the world dollars and cents http://pdf.euro.savills.co.uk/globalresearch/around-the-world-in-dollars-and-cents-.pdf axford al, global investor intentions survey http://www.cbre.com/research-and-reports/globalinvestor-intentions-survey- http://atlant.io further, atlant addresses both the short- and long-term real estate rental markets lowering fees, using decentralized conflict resolution and making this market truly pp, eliminating various middlemen, and also ensuring that reviews and listings are honest, they are stored immutable blockchain. atlant platform being developed open source framework with respect both rental network and tokenized property assets, which continues operate and trade the ethereum network, independent platform's contributors. atlant provides clean ui, utilizing evm contracts under the hood. additionally, ("atl") platform tokens may traded centralized digital asset exchanges well. eventual moonshot goal atlant, once government property registers are fully blockchaincompliant and have distributed ledgers, partner with various jurisdictions make buy and sell transactions smaller units feasible with integration into such registers without having first place real estate into incorporated spvs. there are currently multiple blockchain real estate registry pilot projects already place specifically sweden, georgia, ghana, ukraine, parts japan and usa (chicago, delaware), while multiple other jurisdictions are examining blockchainenabled title registries. figure recording ownership with distributed ledger technology http://atlant.io blockchain will entirely reshape the title insurance industry. registering real estate distributed ledger, blockchain could streamline the manually intensive practice examining public records when validating titles real estate transactions. according goldman sachs estimates, blockchain driven property records could drive $bn cost savings due reductions headcount and actuarial risk the alone. while blockchain technology still its infancy, and complete decentralized ledger global property not going happen overnight, atlant plans take leading role all facets real estate globally make this reality, starting with disrupting the rental market and tokenizing large real estate assets for trading. please refer our timeline below for detailed overview our current progress and future goals. schneider al, goldman sachs equity research profiles innovation, blockchain putting theory into practice http://atlant.io december february june concept design technical specification atlant dao prototype september august atlant network alpha legal structure token pre-sale september march public token sale token trading launch atlant platform launch global real estate transactions partnership with government blockchains september august april atlant rentals launch figure atlant project roadmap http://atlant.io abstract its current iteration, atlant provides two main features address known problems today's global real estate: tokenized ownership and peer-to-peer rentals. tokenized ownership will simplify every type operation with the real estate, including property investments and ownership transfers, either partial complete. real estate tokens representing share property ownership will allow for liquid real estate market with transparent prices (price discovery). please note that atl tokens are essentially membership certificates the atlant platform, which give numerous rights and privileges their owners provided compliance with kyc/aml policies atlant and proof member activity confirmed running atlant node the member's computer, discussed more detail later. there passive expectation income solely from holding atl tokens. figure sample atlant tokenized assets screen peer-to-peer rentals will make possible significantly reduce fees taken from both parties (tenant and lessor) and minimize the possibility fake reviews and forged ratings which are the main problems existing centralized rental services such airbnb, expedia, booking and others. with advent blockchain technology, existing hotel business and growth online services such booking and airbnb could disrupted and channeled into decentralized service such atlant, and said technology could accelerate both supply growth and utilization. under http://atlant.io conservative assumptions, (just for the market) blockchain technology will provide explosive growth the lodging market (see figure figure future room supply growth attributable blockchain technology lodging via atlant will weaken the pricing power traditional hotels, airbnb, booking, expedia, with greater impact leisure-oriented hotels and lower-price-point hotels focused lower value-added product offering, while the same time increasing revpar (revenue per available room). figure future global booking revenue attributable blockchain technology http://atlant.io figure future projected revpar the hotel industry attributable blockchain technology atlant operates custom decentralized system, governed the dao family built ethereum. the platform powered its core token, abbreviated "atl". atl tokens are essentially membership certificates the atlant platform, which give the following rights and privileges their owners provided compliance with kyc/aml policies atlant and proof member activity confirmed running atlant node the member's computer: listing fee charged erc compliant property tokens, all properties listed through the atlant platform during their initial property token offerings. the platform enables property owners and developers tokenize property creating customized smart contracts and perform token distribution either sell property (partially completely) attract financing for its construction. the size the listing fee initially set the underlying asset and, subsequently, determined voting the atl token holders. after successful token sale, agreed part the property tokens released out http://atlant.io atlant escrow atl token holders proportionately, provided such atl token holders are running atlant node their computers. there passive expectation income solely from holding atl tokens. commissions from rentals are imposed the lessor, small fee, once transaction with the lessee finalized. these commissions are distributed the atl token holders running atlant node their computer. the size this fee determined voting the atl token holders. votes decide various actions taken with respect the property: platform listing decision, listing fee approval, law firm choice, management company choice (property tokenization), property for rent approval, rental fee approval. ability work, and earn extra income, within the framework atlant arbiter for conflict resolution rentals, moderated via arbiter rating system. result this work funds withheld from the escrow the losing party are distributed the atl token holder who performed the arbitration. influence the platform and ability propose, vote and aid further developments improve the efficiency real estate globally, well boost atlant's global adoption and growth. token holders agree upon every decision taken within the platform, affecting both tokenizing property and rental service, the use voting mechanism. atl token holders vote for against the proposals created most reputable holders, covering all activities within the platform. blockchain quick review blockchain fundamentally new type database technology that optimized tackle unique set challenges. historically, databases have been used central data repositories organizations support transaction processing and computation. however, databases are rarely shared between organizations due variety technology and security concerns. blockchain shared, distributed database transactions among parties that designed increase http://atlant.io transparency, security, and efficiency. blockchain database (with copies the database replicated across multiple locations nodes) transactions (between two more parties) split into blocks (with each block containing details the transaction such the seller, the buyer, the price, the contract terms, and other relevant details) which are validated the entire network via encryption combining the common transaction details with the unique signatures two more parties. the transaction valid the result the encoding the same for all nodes and added the chain prior transactions (as long the block validated). the block invalid, "consensus" nodes will correct the result the non-conforming node. the blockchain ledger replicated across multiple locations (we show just six figure for simplicity), and each maintains its own copy, which separately updated based new transaction data. show sequence three transactions. the first two transactions, data and signature information are properly validated all six nodes with matching "hash" values. however, for transaction location the hash does not match the others, and will corrected the others via "consensus." figure example blockchain ledger transactions blockchain has the following advantages over conventional centralized database: http://atlant.io security: blockchain relies encryption validate transactions verifying the identities parties involved transaction. this ensures that "false" transaction cannot added the blockchain without the consent the parties involved. complex mathematical calculation known "hash" performed each time transaction added the blockchain, which depends the transaction data, the identities the parties involved the transaction, and the result previous transactions. the fact that the current state the blockchain depends previous transactions ensures that malicious actor cannot alter past transactions. this because previous transaction data changed, will impact the current value the hash and not match other copies the ledger. transparency: its very nature, blockchain distributed database that maintained and synchronized among multiple nodes for example, multiple counterparties who transact with each other frequently. addition, transaction data must consistent between parties order added the blockchain the first place. this means that design, multiple parties can access the same data (in some cases locally within their organizations) thus significantly increasing the level transparency relative conventional systems that might depend multiple "siloed" databases behind firewalls that are not visible outside single organization. efficiency: conceptually, maintaining multiple copies database with blockchain would not appear more efficient than single, centralized database. however, most real-world examples (including several the case studies examined capital markets), multiple parties already maintain duplicate databases containing information about the same transactions. many cases, the data pertaining the same transaction conflict resulting the need for costly, time-consuming reconciliation procedures between organizations. employing distributed database system such blockchain across organizations can substantially reduce the need for manual reconciliation, thus driving considerable savings. addition, some cases blockchain offers the potential for http://atlant.io organizations develop common "mutual" capabilities that eliminate the need for duplication the same effort across multiple organizations. problem buying selling property real estate throughout time and this day remains the greatest source wealth for most families, fact, the largest asset class globally. history tells that more great fortunes have been made and lost this asset class than any other. however, despite having tremendous size ($tn) and volume ($.tn), remains one the most inefficient assets. over time, various attempts have been made make this market more manageable and liquid, nonetheless every individual institution which buys and owns real estate faces nontransparent transaction costs, asymmetric information, property rights opaqueness, variability taxes, and host other issues. efficient market hypothesis theory states that the price security any given time reflects all the available pertinent information. while there may appropriate application for this theory relative exchange tradable assets such stocks and bonds, currently inapplicable relative real estate. while over the long term pools real estate might relatively priceefficient, purchases particular property are often driven individual circumstances and done with imperfect information, and limited number buyers. most real estate ownership globally single ownership, most divided between just few parties. this creates problem rising prices have outpaced consumer income and savings and have left ability purchase real estate assets just small subset the population. further, high transaction costs and inefficiency transactions themselves make redistribution this market sub-optimal. frequently, the cost moving from overly large house into smaller one outweighs the savings and vice versa. schneider al, goldman sachs equity research profiles innovation, blockchain putting theory into practice http://atlant.io also, investing real estate for most individuals and corporations typically lacks any global reach paperwork, due diligence and administration foreign jurisdiction involves knowledge and prohibitive costs. solution buying selling property atlant the first decentralized real estate platform, built top the ethereum network. with rapid rate adaption crypto-assets, atlant strives remedy the situation illiquidity and opaqueness the real estate market. atlant serves turnkey solution for listing real estate asset for trading tokenized form similar way that stocks are listed exchanges such ftse dax. figure property token trading platform preview atl token holders, being the platform's members, work find property owners developers willing sell their property assets part their development raise funds for the construction. decentralized voting performed with the use evm smart contracts either http://atlant.io accept reject new listing. case new property approved list the platform, atl holders vote for the property's law firm and management company. approved lawyer, competent local authority each respective jurisdiction, verifies legal documentation provided the listing party and digitally signs each document pertaining the property. once signed the local authority, each document hashed and pushed into the atlant distributed data store ("adds"), while its hash recorded the ethereum blockchain. this ensures that documents become immutable and virtually impossible forge, any change made inside adds document will lead different hashing result, which would differ from the hash previously recorded the ethereum blockchain. applying this operation every item stored adds, create permanent link every document from the tamper-proof blockchain. sometimes documents need updated legally, use adds versioning provided the ipfs protocol once all decisions covering new listing are made, atl holders verify both ricardian contract (rc) and evm contract created listing party. ricardian contract digitally signed and linked the corresponding evm smart contract, making the contract legally binding. ricardian contracts are stored adds. the final step the process involves voting for the deployment evm smart contract into the ethereum network, which effectively enacts the start property tokenization. property tokens are issued the evm contract exchange for eth and erc tokens. once initial property token distribution finalized, atl token holders who have carried out work running atlant node secure the atlant network, receive listing fee charged property tokens, which are erc compliant. tokens raised from the proceeds the sale are subsequently released from atl escrow the selling party case successful sale (determined the contract). ipfs documentation http://ipfs.io/docs grigg the ricardian contract. proceedings the first ieee international workshop electronic contracting, pages ieee, http://iang.org/papers/ricardian_contract.html http://atlant.io atlant network ethereum network property legal documentation adds verify property evmc adex smart contract escrow erc token exchange approve approved law firm get pto stake platform token holders (atl) property token offering (pto) listing request listing party legal documentation property token holders property management company reserve fund figure atlant property tokenization http://atlant.io subsequently, the tokenized property trades with bids and offers with order matching create state equilibrium, reflecting true value the property given time. atlant provides decentralized exchange service ("adex") facilitate trading both platform tokens and property tokens. trading done decentralized way with the use ethereum exchange contracts tokentrader and maker-otc liquidity and true price the asset which this system attempts create, enable market participants resolve many problems which currently make the market inefficient. examples this are collateral management for real estate assets dynamic price environment, value collateral can easily determined, and collateral itself can transferred via other blockchains. further, store wealth and inheritance can easily written into smart contract that there's probate disputes. additionally, platform tokens ("atl") can tradable existing centralized exchanges after the end the contribution period. problem high rental middleman fees fake reviews the past decade, long-term property rental well short-term vacation rentals have become substantially more accessible with various online platforms, much that they have put pressure the hotel market. tokentrader and tokentraderfactory http://github.com/bokkypoobah/tokentrader/wiki/tokentraderand-tokentraderfactory makerdao maker-otc http://github.com/makerdao/maker-otc http://atlant.io figure dynamics lodging usage with the popularity sharing economy, which based the idea direct relationship between the host and tenant, the startups the rental sphere are gaining popularity. however, currently economy not fully implemented, because there remains middleman the form booking service agent which takes the role guarantor and arbitrator resolving disputes and nonstandard situations. our research indicates that the world's leading short-term rental marketplaces, such airbnb charge service fee from the guest and from the host, largely compensate its employees who process transactions centralized fashion. similarly, hotel marketplaces such booking and expedia charge their affiliate hotels range -%, depending location, for each booking deducted from the notional amount each transaction. reviews and description and quality amenities rental properties such platforms airbnb and booking are collected proprietary nontransparent internal database, leading potential abuse the system, via changing/deleting reviews, host self-rating. consumer reports study online ratings services criticized centralized reviews businesses could reach out customers and convince them change negative reviews for positive ones, offering refunds making other amends. http://atlant.io solution eliminating the high rental middleman fees fake reviews although lodging already steep growth trajectory, terms both market awareness and adoption, see opportunity for blockchain increase volume, safety, quality, and effectiveness the transaction process. high transaction costs and safety concerns remain significant challenges the adoption lodging, and are areas where see potential for blockchain technology disrupt the existing framework. figure projected growth lodging with blockchain created decentralized solution the aforementioned problem short- and long-term rentals well hotel bookings, allowing for reduction commissions and true ratings. peerto-peer rental service offered the atlant relies three main protective mechanisms: escrow, reputation system and decentralized arbitration. all these approaches are implemented existing decentralized exchange services and proved viable. any lessor may get listed the platform providing real-world identity and sending security deposit into the escrow contract provided the platform. this protective measure against rental listing spam and adds bloating. initially, lessor creates both ricardian and evm contracts means atlant software, which are then automatically interlinked and deployed adds (ricardian) and ethereum (evm contract). lessor's real-world identity located inside the ricardian contract stored adds. once the smart contract deployed, the lessor sends http://atlant.io security deposit the appropriate smart contract, which acts escrow and discourages possible dishonest behavior the lessor. atlant network ethereum network rental rental evmc rental escrow rental evmc adds escrow accounts payable accounts receivable tenant lessor arbitration conflict case conflict case arbiter pool conflict resolution figure atlant rental system platform's approach towards identities gives tenants full control over their own privacy. while they are encouraged complete profiles fully, possible have pseudonymous identity decide subsequently reveal identity lessor arbiter (e.g. via keybase lessors are required provide real-world identities order get listed host. considering other entities the keybase open source security app http://keybase.io/docs http://atlant.io platform, share the approach the aragon project towards identity the decentralized network: identity opt-in. entities are free transact pseudonymously. entities are free choose how they want identify themselves, and what identity providers they consider valid identify others. identity belongs the individual organization, which means that the only entity which can provide the ultimate truth about their identity themselves entities they personally appoint for this (through cryptographic proofs). reputation system the platform essentially decentralized rating and review system, where reputation refers the overall trustworthiness identity within network. decentralized reputation approach has the following major considerations: sybil attacks fake ratings made attacker using sockpuppet identities distributed storage ratings must persistent, publicly accessible and immutable sybil attacks can generally mitigated increasing the cost resources time perform action. proof transaction from tenant lessor required leave review and change lessor's rating. described above, transaction from tenant host implies small fee, which automatically paid atl token holders running atlant node their computer the evm contract. addition benefiting the platform token holders, this fee serves guard against fake reviews and forged ratings. additional protective mechanism, atl holders may vote proposal impose fine unscrupulous host, which paid from lessor's escrow security deposit. atlant utilizes its distributed data store adds solve problems rating persistence and accessibility, while ethereum blockchain used for timestamping and securing data, which aragon network: digital jurisdiction http://aragon.one sybil attack, http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sybil_attack http://atlant.io enforces rating immutability. transactions stored the blockchain contain ipfs links ratings stored adds. reputation tied the transacting entity within the atlant network, which can either pseudonymous self-identified. rating defined the quality the apartment for rent, which essentially overall score counterparty. every rating score sent the network the tenant affects the rating the host. review written summary the rental experience with particular host. ratings and reviews are made per transaction basis the network's protection measure involves proof-of-transaction approach. the unscrupulous host may circumvent this protective mechanism creating numerous pseudonymous entities and conducting small transactions give him/herself positive rating, the platform allows atl token holders penalize this behavior, which done means voting appropriate proposals affecting the lessor's security deposit. rating score basic unit reputation change, which could either positive negative. review optional and may complement rating score the discretion the lessee. technically, both the rating score and the review are assembled single object (score object) and pushed into the adds upon rating score creation. score object directly linked the payment transaction from tenant lessor, while its hash recorded the ethereum blockchain guarantee rating score's counterfeit protection. generic score object reflecting rating score and optional review the atlant platform comprises the following data fields: identity the host within the network rating score influence lessor's overall rating negative rating neutral rating positive rating customer experience (optional review) customer identity (pseudonym) timestamp http://atlant.io network protocol ensures that score objects are stored decentrally such way that while every node has these objects its local adds, nobody can modify ratings already created other network identities. blockchain bloat common issue decentralized rating storage systems. atlant network takes protective measures against this, and relies its own distributed data store built top open-source ipfs software. furthermore, data store bloat has the potential become issue for the network thus certain restrictions are imposed the score object's size mitigate this threat. atlant uses decentralized arbitration for conflict resolution, model which has already been successfully applied practice bitcoin based companies bitsquare and openbazaar this eliminates the need for centralized authority such airbnb perform conflict resolution. rent price not initially affected possible conflict resolution costs the future because arbiter fee only taken from the losing party, case arbitration, and once finished. use smart contracts based escrow lock security deposits both parties (tenant and lessor) until their transaction finalized. exchange network, http://bitsquare.io online marketplace, http://www.openbazaar.org http://atlant.io figure rental service the blockchain atlant platform implements reputation-based arbitration system, which involves two types arbitrator roles: regular arbiter and senior arbiter. security deposits both parties (tenant and lessor) are required sent the rental smart contract prior the actual money transfer. arbitration logic subsequently handled the evm rental contract. arbiters are governed the special arbitration contract, which requires security deposit prior working arbiter. this security deposit automatically returned whole the arbitrator upon stepping down from arbitration. reputation system protected against sybil attacks and other attack vectors applicable decentralized networks means proof-of-transaction and small transaction fees (similar ones utilized bitcoin). both roles, arbiter and senior arbiter are supported case high rating score. the atlant protocol assigns appropriate arbiter and senior arbiter automatically transactions requiring conflict resolution. case dispute security deposits are used payment for dispute resolution efforts. arbiters gets paid from the losing party's security deposit upon completion active arbitration process. the arbitration process entails several phases. order determine the winning party, arbiter requests both the tenant and lessor deliver specific proofs: real-world id, hand-signed http://atlant.io documents and evidence-containing footage pertaining any issues. then, the arbitrator renders their decision based presented evidence, which means that the winning party does not lose anything, while the losing party penalized the system its security deposit transferred the arbiter. either party not satisfied with the decision the arbitrator, final arbitration round may requested, which involves senior arbiter. senior arbiter chosen the protocol from list top-rated arbiters. the senior arbiter reviews evidence provided and renders final decision. the initial arbiter found have behaved dishonestly, further steps are taken penalize this behavior, based severity, typically impacting the regular arbiter's escrowed deposit. tokenization and listing for trading properties property inventory and sourcing atlant allows property owners and developers tokenize their assets and list them for trading. atlant token holders will endeavor find new properties and also accept incoming requests from such entities. initially atlant plans tokenize properties select transparent jurisdictions such continental europe and uk, and eventually, our expertise grows expand globally capture further market share. sourcing and diligence for each jurisdiction will done accordance with existing laws and procedures each jurisdiction. atlant developing framework for each country which will implemented and verified the blockchain via digital signatures respective local authorities. property token offering once property has been identified and verified local authorities, and its details published the platform, date will set for the properties' property token offering ("pto"). price for the listing offer will taken from the developer selling party. lawyers/trust companies who digitally signed all certificates and will handling transfer ownership are involved off the http://atlant.io chain with atlant supervising the process. all requisite documentation and offering documents will published atlant for prospective pto holders assess the property for potential purchase. subscription will handled via smart contracts and aggregated into fund which will collected via atlant escrow from the start the pto until expiry date set the start the process. during this time period the fund has not reached capacity, atlant escrow will release tokens back the addresses the token holders. should the fund reach capacity set forth the seller, funds will sent the seller and pto tokens will distributed the token holders the property. subsequently pto tokens will listed for trading exchanges, starting from the decentralized adex exchange increase liquidity and price discovery the tokenized real estate asset. rental income the main recurring income with traditional property holdings rental income. the duty the property management company collect this income and redistribute token holders. rental income distributed automatically using the property contract functionality, allowing for redistribution funds any erc compliant token eth platform token holders proportionately their pto holdings the atlant platform. rental income distributed the property token holders after fees are deducted the management company, and the reserve fund topped off should less than the property price for the past months trading, initial price the pto months has not elapsed. reserve fund during the pto real estate asset, reserve fund will created and held the evm smart contract escrow the property dao, child dao. the reserve fund proportional property the asset's token holders, however held escrow, pay the management company and cover any unexpected costs associated with the property. the secondary market http://atlant.io when property tokens are trading, while the reserve fund itself will not transferred from the seller the buyer during trading, price the tokens will imply the reserve component their price. this true due the fact that the property completely sold, the event buyout squeeze out, the reserve fund will liquidated, and proceeds distributed former token holders pro-rata. services which will covered the reserve fund are structuring fees, escrow fees, property maintenance and repair fees, property management fees, property tax rental income, insurance fees, property renovation fees, legal costs, and any other auxiliary expenses born the management company servicing the asset. the property management company has discretion over the reserve fund for day day expenditures, the event that single proposed expenditure does not exceed the value average months trading price the asset initial price the pto months has not passed elapsed. expenses which exceed this threshold are voted pto holders. due current cryptocurrency volatility reserve fund assets will automatically converted, via smart contract, fiat-like currency via tether upon entering the reserve fund. the reason for this that spending associated with the reserve fund closely associated with fiat currencies. funds from the reserve fund will paid necessary the management company, which would controlled the use voting system (choice the management company). the management company will have access the reserve fund, however possibility embezzlement will minimized via the atlant platform, tracking the transactions made the management company real-time and voting proposals choose different management company. reserve fund drawdown provision the event that the reserve fund drawn down average months trading price, initial price the pto months has not elapsed, and not replenished time proceeds tether digital currency, http://tether.to http://atlant.io from rent, liquidation the property will commence. property token holders will vote listing broker/public marketplace and upon sale the property, proceeds the sale and the reserve fund minus applicable brokerage commissions will proportionally distributed among pto token holders. duties the management company property management company responsible for: setting the initial rent level, collecting rent from tenants and adjusting the rent. they are also responsible for finding and screening tenants, handling security deposits, managing tenant complaints/emergencies, handling leases, move-outs, complying with property safety standards, and dealing with and initiating evictions. physical management the property, including regular maintenance and emergency repairs. they are charge of, must hire someone perform such task extermination, checking for leaks, landscaping, shoveling snow and removal trash. this maintenance aims keep current tenants happy and attract new tenants. they must also perform repairs when there issue, must hire someone attend it. operating within the set budget for the building. certain emergency situations when the occupants (tenants) physical structure (investment property) are danger, they may use their discretion order repairs likewise without concern for the budget. keeping thorough records regarding the property. this should include all income and expenses; list all inspections, signed leases, maintenance requests, any complaints, records repairs, costs repairs, maintenance costs, record rent collection and insurance costs. all these records and actions will logged/recorded the blockchain. filing and paying taxes for the property and its rental income for which funds will come from the reserve fund. http://atlant.io change management company every year, property token holders will vote whether keep change the property management company. more than token holders vote change the management company, proposal will put forth token holders select licensed management company from list proposed locally respected providers. buyout purchase significant stake similar fiat exchanges any token holder may propose buy out the property its entirety purchase significant stake the tokens. this will enact smart contract voting mechanism whereby token holders will vote accept reject the price offered them. threshold token holders necessary for mandatory buyout procedure take place. this event the acquirer will receive all tokens, exchange for eth which will distributed pro rata among former token holders. the event that the acquirer chooses buy significant stake and not purchase the property entirely, token holders will able tender their tokens the proposed price. delisting/buyout the property the event that majority token holder acquires greater position the asset, squeezeout clause may enacted, this token holder, whereby reaming token holders will bought out the average price month trading, initial price the pto months has not elapsed. details property offerings atlant has specific requirement and process for listing ptos which involves the following: listing technical and legal documentation the real estate asset atlant sufficient for ownership transfer said jurisdiction. http://atlant.io real estate asset must meet listing requirements the platform which are currently defined estimated value eur,, greater, and having holding structure which absent liens. this limit imposed initially during the pilot the atlant platform and will further refined atl token holder voting. subsequently atl token holders will able vote modify this value general, case-per-case basis. atl token holders will vote the competent legal entity which will verify validity the transaction and property respective jurisdiction. the event that the law firm competent authority the property's jurisdiction renders positive decision, with respect the holding structure, and ownership the asset, the pto will generated with the number tokens equal the square millimeters the asset. atlant acts escrow eth btc which are sent subscribers during the initial pto the asset. subsequently, after the asset inserted into special purpose vehicle (spv) structure and tokenized, escrow assets are released the seller the real estate asset. listing fee equal the newly issued pto tokens are retained atl platform, and distributed pro rata atl token holders who have gone through kyc/aml and have done work active node the atlant platform. future listing fee levels will voted the atl platform token holders. reserve/insurance fund created for every pto. this fund remains the property each token holder, however escrowed the event that the spv which owns the property needs spend funds the management company, lawyer fees other unforeseen circumstances. after the pto takes place, tokens the asset are listed and trade freely the atlant platform. trading tokenized assets atlant codebase includes adex (decentralized exchange) evm smart contracts allow for safe and secure method exchange between platform tokens ("atl") and property tokens (e.g. http://atlant.io "atlaxxx"). ether and other erc tokens may also exchanged for property tokens the decentralized adex exchange. exchanging tokens means this model reduces number risks associated with traditional centralized exchanges e.g. risk failure fulfill its obligations customers. nevertheless, possible for some part the tokens tradeable centralized digital currency exchanges well. from economic point view, there incentive for both atl token holders and property token holders contribute tokens being traded centralized exchanges. tokens are traded via traditional two-sided market consisting bids and offers. there are more buyers sellers the market mechanism will move the token price, and thus the market capitalization the asset, clearing level accordance with the market's assessment the property value. technology overview terms technology, atlant platform standalone network with the custom protocol built for purposes digitizing real estate decentralized way. this network governed ethereum smart contracts (atlant dao family), implementing and enforcing rules for entities interact tokenizing property rentals. atlant uses list technological concepts implement the model described above. http://atlant.io ethereum dao family ethereum smart contract escrow voting the blockchain decentralized reputation arbitration system ricardian contracts distributed data store data mirroring historic versioning figure technological concepts used atlant platform ethereum platform with its virtual machine (evm) now the most established blockchainbased distributed computing platform with smart contract functionality. powers both tokenization and contracting aspects the atlant platform. the platform implements its own protocol, responsible for data distribution and mirroring, historic versioning documents, distributed data storage, arbitration and reputation the decentralized network. the rest implemented the form ethereum smart contracts and executed evm: dao family, voting proposals, escrow, core and property tokens, rental agreements and auxiliary contracts. the atlant protocol provides bridge, connecting the atlant network with the ethereum-based smart contract infrastructure governing the atlant platform. http://atlant.io atlant network ethereum network secure workflow arbitration system platform dao rental contracts identity reputation contract management property daos adex adds figure technical overview the atlant platform atlant technology stack atlant platform software components are being developed using the following stack: solidity javascript electron ethereumjs web.js vue.js ipfs apply appropriate technology accordance with the tasks accomplished. our core node software which doing the heavy-lifting written golang and utilizes modified ipfs node. http://atlant.io smart contract family written the solidity language native the ethereum platform. ethereum was chosen the most trustworthy environment for execution turing complete smart contracts. the desktop client made with electron framework, using javascript and helper libraries work with evm contracts, and communicates with the core node running the atlant network. web client development among our top priorities because simplifies working with the atlant platform and will ultimately contribute mass adoption said platform. built with the vuejs frontend framework. atlant software components atlant platform comprises the following software components: atlant-go (go) atlant-desktop (electron) atlant-dao (solidity) atlant-web (vue.js) go-ipfs (forked) go-onion-transport atlant core node software the low-level component, containing implementation the atlant protocol (atlant-go). core node software responsible for running the atlant network and managing data flow through, establishing the data tier the atlant platform. core node utilizes modified ipfs node, which capable historic versioning, mirroring and reliable data distribution across the atl network. atl node handles several data structures, including property documents, arbiter registry, ratings and reviews data, peer identities, ricardian contracts. node software contains implementation adds, which built top ipfs provide reliable way distributed data storage. the atlant-go component utilizes go-ipfs and turing completeness, http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/turing_completeness http://atlant.io go-onion-transport for the purposes data distribution. have selected the ipfs protocol due its principles decentralization and support for data encryption and historic versioning (similar git). desktop client communicates directly the atlant node and represents the presentation tier the atlant platform. interacts with the ethereum network directly and contains contract creation toolset. depending the user role (e.g. host), the client offers set ready-to-use contract templates and additionally smart contracts designer. once the contract created, the client provides two versions: ricardian contract and the evm contract. users requested digitally sign the ricardian version the contract order proceed with its deployment. once the ricardian contract signed, desktop client interlinks with the evm contract, hashes the whole contract and creates the ethereum transaction containing the ricardian contract hash digest. once the transaction gets broadcasted and subsequently confirmed, desktop client passes the signed ricardian contract the node, which turn inserts into the adds. the client supports several roles, including property developer, tenant and arbiter. has built-in wallet dedicated for storage and use the platform tokens (atl), property tokens and ether. voting proposals available for atl token holders and property token holders. opt-in identity management supported (via keybase and the future, other identity providers). web client shares the functionality the atlant-desktop component, but communicates with remote atlant nodes for complete functionality. although this approach harms decentralization the short term, believe will lead global adoption and fast-paced growth the atlant platform. independent nodes will continue operate standalone applications powering the atl network even after the full-featured release platform's web version. dao component (atlant-dao) comprises set evm smart contracts written solidity. these contracts govern core platform changes, property tokenization, token exchange and peer-topeer rentals creating business logic tier. this high-level component, forming framework self-enforcing agreements between multiple parties the field real estate. some examples are smart contracts the atlant-dao component which regulate and enforce agreements between the platform dao and lessors, property token holders and the management company, http://atlant.io the platform dao and property daos, tenants and lessors. further, special adex contract establishes decentralized exchange the platform tokens, property tokens and ether. atlant platform component overview atlant software architecture documents identities arbiters ratings reviews ricardian contracts atlant-go data management identity management contract management reputation system arbitration mechanism atlant-desktop contract builder apply property apply host vote proposals work arbiter opt-in identity (keybase) integrated atl wallet data tier logic tier presentation tier go-ipfs (forked) adds high-level logic evm go-oniontransport external ethereum node property daos adex platform dao rental contracts automatic contract execution decentralized exchange figure atlant platform software components http://atlant.io ricardian contracts the ricardian contract method recording document contract law, and linking securely other systems, such the accounting system, for the contract issuance value software design pattern digitize documents and have them participate within financial transactions, such payments, without losing any the richness the contracting tradition. publication the content and reference that content the unique cryptographic message digest eliminates frauds based multiple presentations. the final goal the ricardian contract make the contract's format both machine readable, such that they can easily extracted for computational purposes, and readable ordinary text document such that lawyers and contracting parties may read the essentials the contract conveniently technically, ricardian contract digitally signed and cryptographically verified electronic document that records agreement between multiple parties, formatted human and machine-readable (e.g. json format applying cryptographic hash function (one-way hashing) the rc, receive the ricardian contract digest output, which immediately recorded into the blockchain. this eliminates possibility forging the rc, any change its data would completely change overall ricardian contract digest. world's most established blockchains bitcoin and ethereum guarantee that any ricardian contract digest would remain unchanged once the transaction containing that digest included into the blockchain block. grigg the ricardian contract. proceedings the first ieee international workshop electronic contracting, pages ieee, (). http://iang.org/papers/ricardian_contract.html nagy shakel "openpgp-based financial instruments and dispute arbitration," proceedings financial cryptography and data security http://ifca.ai/fc/presentations/--nagy.pdf javascript object notation, http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/json http://atlant.io order recognized valid rc, contract's digest should match the one stored the blockchain. this ensures that none counterparties are able amend the terms agreements retroactively, eliminating potential disputes that may arise from hearsay claims between counterparties. atlant, use ricardian contracts addition evm contracts ensure that smart contracts have legal force. this implemented using both the ethereum blockchain and atlant distributed data store. have applied the principles described above and extended them follows: every deployed evm contract has corresponding ricardian contract (interlinked pointing each other's unique ids) every ricardian contract linked evm contract stored adds every ricardian contract stored adds has its ricardian contract digest stored the ethereum blockchain this approach ensures that one cannot forge smart contract address inside the rc, this change would prevent the ricardian contract from being recognized valid contract. atlant network ethereum network ricardian contract hash digest ricardian contract adds evm contract evm contract hash digest figure atlant platform's ricardian contract model http://atlant.io ricardian contracts used the atlant platform are legally binding contracts, the terms which will unequivocally interpreted courts law. digitally signed and cryptographically verified, these rcs point corresponding evm contracts, which ensure the implementation agreements the application level. http://atlant.io references barnes al., around the world dollars and cents http://pdf.euro.savills.co.uk/global-research/around-the-world-in-dollars-and-cents.pdf axford al, global investor intentions survey http://www.cbre.com/research-and-reports/global-investor-intentions-survey- schneider al, goldman sachs equity research profiles innovation, blockchain putting theory into practice ipfs documentation http://ipfs.io/docs grigg the ricardian contract. proceedings the first ieee international workshop electronic contracting, pages ieee, http://iang.org/papers/ricardian_contract.html tokentrader and tokentraderfactory https://github.com/bokkypoobah/tokentrader/wiki/tokentrader-andtokentraderfactory makerdao maker-otc http://github.com/makerdao/maker-otc consumer reports the truth about online ratings services http://www.consumerreports.org/cro///online-ratings-services/index.htm keybase open source security app http://keybase.io/docs aragon network: digital jurisdiction http://aragon.one sybil attack, http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sybil_attack exchange network, http://bitsquare.io online marketplace, http://www.openbazaar.org tether digital currency, http://tether.to turing completeness, http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/turing_completeness nagy shakel "openpgp-based financial instruments and dispute arbitration," proceedings financial cryptography and data security http://ifca.ai/fc/presentations/--nagy.pdf javascript object notation, http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/json http://atlant.io