atomic wallet whitepaper v.. atomicwallet.io table contents table contents abstract crypto market challenges custody risk regulation possible falsification and distortion market data atomic wallet product asset management distributed orderbook (dob) atomic orderbook implementation order acceptance the dob mempool dob anti spam and fraud protection trades history blockchain storage atomic swaps atomic swap technology atomic wallet swap implementation atomic sdk additional functionality immutability and decentralization atomic wallet ecosystem platforms competitive analysis preview roadmap current stage atomic token initial coin offering (ico) token issuing token allocation crowdfunding goals budget allocation private sale public sale community incentives client airdrops bounties pre-sale bounty post-sale bounty post ico token circulation awc tokens exchanges token economy team vesting plan team business tech glossary abstract brief glance the emerging market crypto projects sufficient understand the potential the blockchain powerful, advanced technology the future. yet, despite its vast prospects, major part blockshain-based systems still remains entry-level, far from being qualified for general user. today, the developers' community facing number unresolved issues preventing full-scale implementation the blockchain technology vast variety industries, where could potentially applied great profit. crypto market challenges blockchain-powered technology intent leading the future financial markets. today, however, still observe extensive obstacles for the development blockchain-based markets. one the greatest market challenges the remaining necessity trust towards centralized financial services otherwise decentralized environment. third party custody risks affect ecosystem sustainability, bringing vulnerability manipulative and regulative actions. atomic wallet radically solves problems described above introducing fundamentally new platform for custody-free, transparent, immutable cryptocurrency trading. our platform the simplest way connect buyers and sellers within decentralized framework. atomic wallet new type decentralized cross-blockchain exchange. custody risk satoshi nakamoto, the creator the bitcoin, has presented the world with revolutionary technology thereby offering significant advantages any projects which would incorporate it. these advantages, namely, transparency, openness, and independence from trust-based mechanisms, have been explored and utilized over the years those involved the field. since the early days bitcoin, cryptocurrency market has evolved into sophisticated multi-blockchain phenomenon. according coinmarketcap.com statistics, cryptocurrency market contains over different currencies with exchange turnover over bln dollar equivalent daily. addition coinmarketcap statistics, should consider the volumes intransparent and unregulated peer peer exchange market (a.k.a. over the counter well. however, present-day exchange providers managing huge exchange volumes inherit custody risks, which counterposes the ideas transparency, openness, and independence from trust-based mechanisms. more than once have major exchanges experienced security breaches. one the most disruptive failures was the mt. gox exchange collapse. took the market year recover after the disaster. the list the publicly known biggest failures for custodian-based centralized crypto exchanges would impress unprepared spectator: date amount lost february, btc ($m) exchange mt.gox march, btc ($k) bitcoin march, btc ($k) flexcoin july, btc ($m) mintpal july, btc ($.m) bitpay january, btc ($.m) bter.com january, btc ($k) kipcoin january, btc ($.m) bitstamp march, btc ($.k) may, btc ($k) january, btc, litecoin ($.m) coinapult bitfinex cryptsy march, btc, eth litecoins ($k) shapeshift btc, eth, litecoin may, ($.m) august, btc ($m) october, btc ($.m) gatecoin bitfinex bitcurex july, eth ($m) coindash july, eth ($m) bithumb august, btc ($k) enigma good note, along the process evolution, each new failure leads new knowledge, portion which crypto professionals comprehend and evangelise public nowadays the following way: one doesn't have the keys his/her crypto assets, they can gone any moment and this will irreversible. regulation cryptocurrency market draws attention customers, media, business, hedge funds and even filmmakers. unfortunately, regulators not stay aside and give lot their attention the blockchain market well. the fundamental idea behind bitcoin censorship-free currency without central bank, the immutability which empowered the financial incentivisation the stakeholders. egalitarian permissionless approach showcased this cryptocurrency contradicts the regulation created for fiat money markets and subject scrutiny the officials. however, while being the early stage the development, essential preserve this approach for the further market development and expansion. for the only way keeping the promise the bitcoin manifest carry developing decentralized immutable solutions. possible falsification and distortion market data most mechanisms employed centralized exchanges, the actual market data unverifiable and suffers from lack trust. traders can misled false data, intentionally unintentionally distributed centralized operators. current market state, manipulation and failure deliver actual trading data can devolve into severe losses for the investors. besides the current real-time market data, the history trades and orders can substituted, wiped off distorted similar fashion. proper end customer and average investor protection from aforementioned risks appears vital step for further successful market development. atomic wallet product the aforestated problems are what the blockchain industry currently faced with and yet fails solve. being the way achieving its mass adoption, the industry expected solve these issues only with fundamentally new approach based the idea decentralization digital assets exchange. reaction the current challenges the industry, atomic project was created convenient and versatile decentralized solution for the custody-free cryptocurrency trading. atomic wallet platform based unique, proprietary engine, specially designed solve its specific tasks. therefore, this white paper contains large number technical terms describing certain elements the platform. each original term highlighted bold and italic when first encountered the text: for instance, atomic swap. the end the paper, glossary with detailed explanations the terms available. asset management atomic wallet provides powerful, in-demand service that allows users reduce efforts spent managing crypto assets and renders transparent and trustless. make our platform even more convenient and beneficial for users, the atomic wallet team utilizes best and security practices thus facilitating use our platform's functionality the full range. essential operations one would like with his\her cryptocurrency are: receive crypto assets the generated wallet import assets the wallet using private keys various formats store private keys securely encrypted environment send assets other addresses select cryptocurrency node use select blockchain explorer use aforestated wallet functionality will built the spv (simplified payment verification) technology. this allows customers avoid prolonged blockchain synchronization while preserving the security so-called 'full node wallets' the keys are stored encrypted manner the end-user device hardware wallet (eg. ledger, trezor, etc.) keys can backed with the passphrase for all the listed currencies with string format key for each currency. distributed orderbook (dob) orderbook electronic list buy-and-sell orders specific security financial instruments, organized price level. the orderbook lists the number asset units being bid offered each price point, market depth. also identifies the market participants behind the buy-and-sell orders, although some might choose remain anonymous. the orderbook dynamic and constantly updating real time throughout the day. the approach the construction the blockchain exchanges (e.g. binance, mt. gox, bitfinex etc.) has been copied from fiat operators, like nasdaq, nyse, lse, ending with failures happening one after another. besides the well-known custody-centric fails, market manipulation through falsification and distortion market data, unfortunately, happens well. howbeit, blockchain establishes new forms financial products. adopting new opportunities this technology brings the most guaranteed way for promising and smart projects skyrocket. one the undervalued possibilities the creation completely decentralized and transparent orderbook. atomic orderbook implementation distributed orderbook (dob) way represent market offers decentralized manner, accordance with the spirit blockchain industry. atomic dob based bittorrent protocol bittorrent communication protocol for peer-to-peer file sharing ("pp") which used distribute data and electronic files over the internet. bittorrent one the most common protocols for transferring large files, such digital video files containing shows video clips digital audio files containing songs. peer-to-peer networks have been estimated collectively account for approximately all internet traffic (depending location) february november bittorrent was responsible for all internet traffic. february bittorrent was responsible for all worldwide bandwidth, more than half the total bandwidth dedicated file sharing. anticipate better understanding how atomic swaps will work within the atomic wallet should reveal major principles the distributed orderbook and order matching. terms atomic wallet orderbook order possesses following characteristics: order offer, not commitment creating order, customer posts for future trade when the time the trade comes, the customer can avoid processing the transaction he/she desires so. maker faces moderate decrease his/her current rating case rejecting trade against hi/her own orders. order placement doesn't block customers' funds unless the orders have matched between two traders, funds are not being moved. only after two traders confirm trade the funds actually move from their wallets. order can executed with multiple trades order can filled with several trades with unbounded range traders takers) until the order canceled stays active the orderbook and available for trade. offline traders cannot trade atomic swaps require both customer and wallet online order processed. case customer gets off the internet closes wallet application the order becomes invisible for other traders. after the connection established back the order automatically gets back demonstration the orderbook. future the protocol will allow offline trading but this function out scope for current document execution manual operation atomic swap technology known the best among others because even within the exchange customer retains control over the private keys. future the protocol will allow offline trading but this function out scope for current document. maker free reject execution. before the start the swap, maker can change his/her mind for various reasons, such the amount trade being less/more than desired the rating the counterparty being below the maker's expectation. the only shortcoming that maker faces moderate decrease his/her current rating. order acceptance the dob mempool atomic dob immutable and decentralized solution created transmit information about the exchange orders among atomic wallet users. dob maintained the atomic wallet clients serving nodes the distributed network. when order transmitted the network first gets verified all the atomic wallet clients available. all the clients validate following information before submitting the mempool: data consistency all the data should submitted the mempool pre-described the orderbook protocol format and shouldn't contain injections nor interfere the dependencies the orderbook that can appear. order legitimity active nodes from the network analyse the following parameters: accordance the order digital signature the makers public address the blockchain appointed the order availability the amount the wallet address appointed the order. maker cannot stake more than he/she has the wallet absence the conflict between newly created order and the previously created orders with the same signature blacklist screening the absence the orders address the blacklist spamming rarely finishing trades actors. after necessary checks are processed atomic wallet adds order the dob and starts seeding with the neighbouring atomic wallets. img order acceptance the dob mempool when atomic wallet receives new valid block (see trades history blockchain storage removes all the orders executed within the previous time and contained this block from the mempool. dob anti spam and fraud protection many ways dob mempool works the widely known and high-load production verified bitcoin mempool and has very similar realisation. this ensures high level attack resistance the solution and very unlikely possibility spam and fraud within the network. however for the first period operation atomic wallet team leaves itself the right blacklist fraudulent and spamming actors from the network blacklisting addresses public keys signatures. centralized nature such verification should not and will not last for long time. the complete decentralization the dob blacklisting will finished with the release decentralized ratings system planned the roadmap. trades history blockchain storage atomic wallet will use custom-built byzantine consensus algorithm that keeps dob historical data safe without needing "mine" blocks, even the case situation where your nodes malfunction become susceptible the actions bad actors. this feature also makes near impossible for bad actor add incorrect data change the history atomic wallet blockchain. case many compromised nodes, atomic blockchain still maintains its fundamental security properties, protecting data. atomic wallet blockchain will update immediately with the addition every new block. atomic wallet will gather successful and unsuccessful trades into blocks; the whole block approved atomically. each trade executed separately from the atomic wallet blockchain. atomic wallet blockchain will used only the purpose storing historical data. every block includes the hash the previous block, impossible change one block without the appropriate changes each the following blocks. this ensures immutability the trade log; once trade committed, cannot retroactively modified evicted from the log. similarly, impossible insert trade the middle the log img trades history blockchain storage atomic wallet uses custom modification byzantine fault tolerant consensus guarantee that any time there one agreed version the blockchain. assumed that the environment decentralized, i.e., any node allowed fail compromised. consensus authenticated consensus validators are identified with the help public-key cryptography. generate new block and vote upon it, -phase approach used. the consensus algorithm divided into rounds, the beginning which determined each validator based its local clock. for every round, there predefined leader validator, which determined based the round number, blockchain height and other information from the blockchain state. the leader creates block proposal and sends other validators other validators check the proposal, and correct, vote for broadcasting prevote messages the validators validator collects prevote messages for the same proposal from supermajority validators, executes transactions the proposal, creates precommit message with the resulting data storage state and broadcasts the validators finally, validator receives precommits from supermajority validators for the same proposal, the proposal becomes new block and committed the local storage the validator historical data from the blockchain will used the purpose public actors rating system. public actor rating will counted the basis the number successfully finished exchanges. data collected with the help blockchain oracles from the networks where atomic swaps are processed. atomic swaps cross-chain exchange cryptocurrencies between users. basically, party sends coin party b's coin address via blockchain, while party does the same with coin these actions happen independently parallel blockchains, one-way fashion. such setup raises the possibility either the parties never honoring his/her end agreement. one the ways solve this issue involvement trusted third party. atomic cross-chain swap, the other hand, solves this problem without the need for third party. atomic swaps require each party arrange transaction contract. the contracts contain output spendable the the opposite party, but the rules required collect are different for each party involved. atomic swap technology the first party (called the initiator) wishes trade coin for coin with the other party (called the participant). the initiator allocates the intended amount coin contract and generates "secret". the secret will later allow the participant collect the contract output. until he/she learns the secret, the participant unable spend from the initiator's coin contract. the participant creates contract the coin blockchain similar the initiator fashion. create the contract, the participant requires cryptographic hash the initiator's secret. the initiator could not access this contract without revealing the secret the participant. after both parties created their contract, neither them can collect their coins back until the alloted time expires. the initiator redeems the participant's contract, thereby revealing the secret the participant. the latter redeems the former's contract using the secret extracted from him/her. when certain period time (typically hour) expires and the participant did not redeem the contract output, refunded back the initiator's wallet. the participant's contract can also refunded back the participant, but only after half the period time that the initiator required wait before their contract can refunded (typically hours). the initiator can also trade coin for coin and the procedure will the same, but with each step performed the opposite direction another blockchain. this procedure considered atomic (i.e. with timeout) since gives each party least hours redeem the coins from the opposite blockchain before refund can performed. the image below provides visual the steps each party performs and the transfer data between each party: img atomic swap execution process atomic wallet swap implementation atomic wallet has implemented the best solution the market for both atomic swaps and distributed orderbook. the process order creation and execution designed follows: customer creates order for the trade and signs with the private key. the order inherits following parameters: currency pair. the currency desired receive and the currency desired sold. size order size not limited trading lots but will have minimum value that will cover current network commissions for processing swap. price the price that desired process the trade with. price type price can fixed (set stone) float type (following the current market rate). price margin (optional). this specification used for the float type prices. margin the amount put above below the market price. minimal amount (optional) the standard number units trading security. minimal amount represents the minimal quantity blockchain asset set out the maker. minimal amounts are designed help crypto users with large sums, refraining from performing many small trades within one order. wallet address public address the cryptocurrency corresponding the blockchain asset sold. wallet should contain less than the amount the active orders created this customer. signature. demonstrate the authenticity digital messages sent the atomic wallet environment (orderbook and following order execution), atomic wallet uses digital signatures. valid digital signature gives recipient reason believe that the message was created known sender, that the sender cannot deny having sent the message, and that the message was not altered transit. the atomic mnemonic seed used the private key for signing the messages. with atomic wallet signature customers can identified and rated more/less efficient partners for swaps without limiting their privacy and anonymity. the order sent all atomic wallet users via the proposal update the file distributed and synced among all users. one the verification nodes checks the order for legitimacy terms atomic wallet environment. verification node creates updated version the dob file wiping off the closed orders and adding new ones. the new version the dob file synchronized along the network once minute. customer picks the order from the orderbook and decides trade against it. customer indicates the amount would like exchange. customer atomic wallet sends request the customer a's atomic wallet. the request for exchange contains the following parameters: amount the sum desired for trade. wallet address the public address blockchain which customer possesses within the atomic wallet. signature keys signed the customer customer a's atomic wallet confirms the trade after processing several checks: sufficiency the funds the customer b's wallet accordance the amount desired trade with the order customer confirms the trade with the password customer b's wallet commences the swap process ... detailed description atomic swap process can found atomic swaps paragraph. ... customers receive funds the corresponding addresses. the implementation both atomic wallet orderbook and the matching procedure requires blockchain consensus algorithm since the dob and matching are not built smart-contracts onchain solutions. dob distributed file and matching happens peer-to-peer basis. atomic sdk developing even simple applications working with blockchains takes time and money. creating complex, highly-functional distributed blockchain apps can take number highly skilled blockchain developers, thousands hours for rnd which comes out millions usd costs. following the promise building completely decentralized solution atomic wallet team will provide the following: availability develop applications working with atomic wallet dob and atomic swaps code. the protocols will open and available for integration. developers sdk smoothly integrate atomic wallet exchange functionality without having mess with complicated protocols. atomic wallet will provide solution organizations looking quickly create and deploy highly functional, custom apps manage cryptocurrencies with atomic software development kit (sdk). atomic sdk will support following functions: create order and deploy the dob confirm order execution receive order execution status get list available orders from the orderbook img atomic sdk ecosystem with the atomic sdk, the "heavy lifting" has been done, allowing party developers focus resources figuring out the market needs, building successful user interfaces without worrying about how make happen. additional functionality atomic wallet adopts various means exchange. for some occasions, customers might willing use non-atomic exchange functionality. being custody-free solution, atomic wallet implements only instant exchange options. for the convenience atomic wallet users, two instant exchange options are implemented: shapeshift. shapeshift the fastest, most private, and most convenient way swap digital currencies, with the exchange rate always remaining competitive. following the atomic wallet community vote, shapeshift was selected default option for instant exchanges. changelly. popular cryptocurrency exchange providing the ability instantly and seamlessly exchange over altcoins the best market rate buy them using bank card. operating since changelly has attracted over registered users from around the world. currently, the service processes more than transactions daily with monthly turnover around btc. fiat options. fiat options provided the customers cooperation with partner services. integration will carried seamless smooth manner. atomic will not process fiat operations himself following "do not touch fiat" policy. early commitments from the partners already received and will unveiled prior the public crowdsale. following options are planned for the implementation: payment cards acceptance, bank wires acceptance, bank wire withdrawals. immutability and decentralization blockchains are designed immutable and decentralized. atomic wallet team believes products designed for cryptocurrency assets should immutable and decentralized well. that why it's important for atomic wallet serverless, immutable solution all the aspects. all parts the system operate decentralized manner and are not controlled any company party: atomic wallet distribution. application distributed over the bittorrent network and supported the customers. asset management. cryptocurrency private keys are stored the customer side and are not transferred the server. transaction creation. transaction created the customer-side. the client application handles all the necessary cryptography and transmits the node. customer can appoint any node with open rpc api. transaction history. transaction history retrieved from blockchain explorers over the commonly used api requests. customer can point the block explorer he/she trusts most deploy own one and use source transaction history. orderbook. atomic wallet utilizes own distributed orderbook technology. atomic dob based bittorrent protocol and cannot seized stopped. dob distributed among all the online wallets. order execution order execution processed peer-to-peer and blockchain based. third party involved the transaction processing. the transaction custody and possible intervention free. atomic wallet ecosystem the success the atomic wallet contingent the participation variety different users. will briefly give overview the key roles that participants can play the atomic ecosystem. traders end-users that hold, convert and transfer blockchain assets. blockchain assets issuers people, companies, communities, organizations foundations that issue new smart tokens, configuring the initial supply, price, cw, and managing the initial issuance tokens. this also includes creators relay tokens, which can connect any existing erc tokens the network. cryptowhales traders with the amounts assets too big normally adopted openmarkets and willing perform personalized non-personalized risk-free otc deals arbitrageurs. traders that monitor the decentralized orderbook for prices that are inconsistent with external exchange, and then restore price consistency through arbitrage. arbitrageurs are organically incentivized keep prices consistent and hence are important participants the atomic ecosystem. party developers companies individuals creating services utilizing atomic wallet dob and atomic swap code. developers can build specialized atomic wallets, exchange relays, decentralized otc platforms implement part the atomic functionality their existing services. platforms atomic wallet team focused bringing truly decentralized experience all the customers all the platforms. atomic wallet technology created with the idea omni-channel product which customer can access from any device he\she has. atomic wallet supports the following platforms the moment: microsoft windows macos ubuntu debian fedora within the development further platforms are supported well: web javascript web based application mobile ios android browser plugin chrome firefox competitive analysis bitfinex exchange assets yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes immutable solution yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes feature private key device cross chain atomic swap decentralised orderbook user friendly interface banking card acceptance instant centralized exchange etherdelta exodus altcoin.io airswap.io barterdex atomic preview atomic wallet created make day-to-day cryptocurrency usage more secure while bringing the best customer experience our clients. following are the example screenshots from the interface the atomic wallet alfa version. home screen (wallet) img atomic wallet user interface. wallets overview. img atomic wallet user interface. blockchain assets display settings. exchange. img fixed rate exchange via partnering instant exchange service exchange. performing atomic swap img atomic wallet distributed orderbook display. img takers execution process. security. img private key management roadmap april alpha release ethereum and bitcoin asset management token assets support integrated instant exchange service may beta version release litecoin asset management first pair for atomic swaps distributed orderbook over torrent protocol june erc token swaps lightning network implementation multi-language new assets the wallet new assets the atomic exchange july crypto against fiat conversion options integration new assets the wallet new assets the atomic exchange atomic exchange users ratings finish the token sale custom nodes and block explorers usage august web wallet mobile wallet for android mobile wallet for ios new assets the wallet new assets the atomic exchange september user chat the wallet (trollbox) hardware wallet integration (trezor, ledger) new assets the wallet new assets the atomic exchange october dapps browser new assets the wallet new assets the atomic exchange current stage now, atomic wallet functioning ecosystem. for alpha version our team has delivered desktop application supporting: asset management for btc, eth, dcr, ltc and erc tokens main net atomic swap exchange https://twitter.com/atomicwallet/status/ import, export the private keys exchange assets via instant exchange services (changelly, shapeshift) backup with words passphrase the product available for download www.atomicwallet.io atomic token atomic wallet will issue own token, called the awc (atomic wallet coin). strict limit awc will created, never increased. awc will run natively the ethereum blockchain with erc. type: erc token ticker: awc full name: atomic wallet coin decimals: total supply: awc open contract source code token economy and premises following price growth described special charter initial coin offering (ico) token issuing smart contract based the ethereum network written for the effective implementation the atomic ico project. the day the ico launch, the atomic team will publish the smart contract, which will initialize the issuing awc-tokens based ethereum accordance with the erc standard. the contract will support following functionality: crowdsale management awc tokens issuance (standart erc) awc tokens transmittance the main function the crowdsale part the contract regulate the price the token. additionally, this smart contract will keep records the awc-tokens provision investors' community and founders. the source code the smart contract for the release awc-tokens can found here: https://github.com/atomicwallet token allocation img token allocation plan pie-chart round stage tokens percent private sale tier private sale tier pre-public sale public sale founders and advisors bounties and airdros token price total tbd crowdfunding goals the following amounts are alloted for meeting intended goals, lowering possible risks, well filling market with liquidity. minimum $,, required for the successful implementation the atomic project. the maximum amount upon which any emissions tokens will terminate tbd budget allocation img budget allocation plan pie-chart the budget planned apportioned the following way: team: budget. this amount financing allows for the rollout the awc solution, including the necessary adjustments and development the existing service. marketing: budget. marketing will focus expanding awareness and adoption the atomic and the atomic swaps technology among users and companies. this also includes the growth and maintenance the world-wide community. initial liquidity: this financing part intended for the initial market making program. the funds left after the program ends will transferred repurchase awc-tokens from the market. legal and operational: budget. consists awc legal, security, accounting and other associated administration costs. contingency: budget. set-aside for unforeseen costs. private sale prior the launch the awc tokens release, will invite potential investors pass the investor questionnaire consisting the following items: description the investor's objectives, which they hope achieve taking part the atomic project information the source invested funds contacts amount planned investments based the acquired data, white list will compiled, consisting persons allowed invest. atomic wallet open all investors ready contribute least $,. order prevent the possible centralization tokens single hands, the maximum investment threshold million has been determined. token allocation between private and public sales subject change case significant market changes and drastic increase/decrease interest from potential investors. prior changes token allocation atomic wallet team will initiate discussion with private round investors. investing atomic wallet will available only individuals and companies who have passed kyc procedure public sale the crowdsale will start october the maximum possible number issued tokens ,,. this amount emission possible only condition that all investments are collected the maximum allowable amounts ,,, and hard cap reached. the minimum number tokens issued set ,,. this amount emission possible only condition that all investments are collected with minimum allowable amounts and the minimum amount necessary for the development the project achieved. due the instability the eth with respect usd, the price for one awc-token eth will refined several days prior the ico. the final starting price will determined the day the ico. atomic wallet team preserves it's right skip crowdsale stage case necessary funds are raised the private sale stage. final solution regarding crowdsale published here: https://github.com/atomicwallet community incentives client airdrops early adopters atomic wallet will granted with the awc tokens. receive tokens, first customers should: subscribe for the waiting list become beta tester receive the magnet link for download download the application and install the computer create wallet and transfer funds claim tokens leaving e-mail the application form wait for the token distribution dates (on the end each week) receive tokens the same address used atomic wallet customer airdrops will cultivate the amount first users and help atomic wallet team create active token advocating community. tokens allocated the airdrop program: bounties one the key goals atomic wallet marketing strategy ensure much market penetration possible. this point crucial due the existence the "chicken and egg" problem considering the establishment new financial markets. doing bounty campaign, atomic wallet strives achieve number goals, such brand-awareness, testing, development community involvement, security improvements, orderbook fulfillment. bounty program and airdrops are integral part marketing and promotional strategy for atomic wallet. bounty hunters are required join the atomic wallet telegram chat. the bounty program divided into the pre-sale and post-sale periods,mostly for the convenience the crowdsale investors well for the preservation token distribution transparency pre-sale bounty pre-sale bounty starts june, together with the launch private alpha testing, and finishes week before the public crowdsale ends. pre-sale bounty program will include the following tracks: atomic swap evangelism atomic wallet team will looking for people who believe and are willing tell the world about the atomic swaps technology and promote our decentralized solutions. evangelists' task spreading the word our product around the globe. evangelists will chosen the basis contest participate which candidates should apply the atomic wallet website with motivation letter and their vision the future work. the candidates will assessed accordance with their knowledge cryptocurrencies, their passion and drive, community prominence, location and native language. successful candidates will receive monthly compensation for their work awc tokens. tokens allocated program: currency list enhancement atomic wallet has open api for currency integration. scope works for adding new cryptocurrency normally includes two major tasks: integration currency into the wallet and development atomic swap contract and client library. receive the reward developer should follow the steps: pick currency from the list atomic wallet website develop integration currency into the wallet develop atomic swap contract code with client library create pull request the atomic wallet github repository successfully pass atomic wallet employees code review and testing wait for the development released into production claim the reward tokens allocated program: ethical hacking and vulnerability scan ethical hacking penetration testing will carried atomic wallet systems with the permission atomic wallet team order determine its vulnerabilities and weaknesses. essential process testing and validating information security posture and maturity. the results ethical hacking will used proceed with preventive and corrective countermeasures that can mitigate the risk cyber attack. receive the reward ethical hacker should: report the found vulnerability the atomic wallet team over e-mail. not enclose publicly any other way the vulnerability third parties wait for the development mitigating the vulnerability released into production claim the reward tokens allocated program: content production audio, video and text content will granted with bounties case they meet several requirements: content unique content created for atomic wallet only content has received minimal traction content can submitted any language. non-english content will warmly welcomed. tokens allocated program: bug bounty atomic wallet team will looking for bug reports clearly and concisely identifying problematic issues with the cryptocurrency software platform. receive the reward tester should: part the testing team report the found bug the atomic wallet team over e-mail. not enclose publicly any other way the bug third parties wait for the development mitigating the bug released into production claim the reward. tokens allocated program: post-sale bounty after the token sale has ended, all bounties will still apply. however, the amount the compensation can change with time. the funds support bounties will allocated from the crowdfunding budget accordance with the expenditure. post ico token circulation awc tokens exchanges next stage will start month after the ico. the awc tokens will become "transferable", meaning that the holder can utilize them. token economy awc token will used pay for different fees atomic wallet platform, including but not limited to: listing new assets atomic wallet each cryptocurrency, foundation token will able purchase integration within the atomic wallet for the awc-tokens. the price integration will awc-tokens. listing new assets atomic swap exchange each cryptocurrency, foundation token will able purchase integration within the atomic wallet swap exchange market for the awc-tokens. the price integration will awc-tokens. highlights and featurings atomic wallet interfaces each cryptocurrency, foundation token will able purchase promotion within the atomic wallet gui for the awc-tokens. the price integration will determined each particular case awc-tokens. atomic swap usage for the swaps exceeding btc since the end users will obliged have least awc token the same ethereum address with the one used the atomic wallet. increasing atomic swap rating each customer will receive public rating which will influence his/her position atomic wallet orderbook gui. the rating will determined the basis successfully completed swaps and the volume trades. boost his/her experience customer will able increase rating paying awc-tokens. the rating mechanics will announced all services paid awc token will sold with significant discount sold only for awc tokens. tokens received for the abovementioned services will burned until destroy all the awc. team vesting plan have solid team led paul sokolov and konstantin gladych, with both traditional fintech and cryptocurrency experience. have track record successful startups under our belt. preserve team dedication the project developed vesting plan for our key team members: initial release after year after year after year believe that the plan specified above will help the team successfully drive the atomic wallet product adoption and awc token price. team business konstantin gladych ceo, phd data science with years solid experience blockchain and cryptocurrencies, years it. konstantin well-known the co-founder and ex-ceo https://changelly.com/ biggest cryptocurrency instant exchange with over millions active customers monthly and $.bln monthly turnover. konstantins interests are: decentralization, custody-free solutions, exchangers. https://www.linkedin.com/in/gladkos/ https://twitter.com/gladkos paul sokolov chief product officer, has three years experience blockchain, years fintech, years which coo position top- cryptocurrency exchange. certified banking cards security and business expert. launched over successful projects within last five years https://guarda.co https://chainthis.com https://changenow.io paul's interests are: cryptocurrency exchanges, wallets, smart contracts, financial inclusion. https://www.linkedin.com/in/sokolovpaul/ charlie shrem strategic advisor and visionary, american entrepreneur and bitcoin advocate. co-founded the now-defunct startup company bitinstant, and founding member the bitcoin foundation, formerly serving vice chairman. https://twitter.com/charlieshrem simon advisor, ceo and cofounder https://www.stormx.io/ project, micro-tasks application earn cryptocurrency for millions users. raised token sale, advised bill shihara (bittrex), anthony iorio (jaxx), charles hoskinson (cardano/ada) and others. simon dixon advisor, ceo online investment platform bnktothefuture.com who have invested over us$m fintech companies, like bitfinex, bitstamp, kraken, bitpay, shapeshift, exodus and over others. https://twitter.com/simondixontwitt https://www.linkedin.com/in/simondixonbankingreform/ tech ilia b., cto, co-founder, expert blockchain, security and highload. has years experience highload projects' development, years experience blockchain development. designed and launched cryptocurrency billing system last year. roman l., project manager, web development since: https://github.com/memphys blockchain experience: building block explorer, working with rpc protocols multiple currencies, developed mobile light wallet, developed atomic swap for eth\btc, developed web light wallet, working multiple exchanges api and markets data (cryptocompare, coinmarketcap etc.) alexandr d., backend developer, development since: https://github.com/remedge his blockchain experience is: building block explorer, developed mobile light wallet, working with rpc protocols multiple currencies, working multiple exchanges api and markets data (cryptocompare, coinmarketcap etc.) denis k., backend developer, web development since: https://github.com/altingfest his blockchain experience is: building block explorer, working with rpc protocols multiple currencies, built web light wallet, working multiple exchanges api and markets data (cryptocompare, coinmarketcap etc.) alexey k., full stack developer, development since https://github.com/waterelder his blockchain experience is: building high load block explorer, working with rpc protocols multiple currencies, development mobile light wallet, working multiple exchanges api and markets data (cryptocompare, coinmarketcap etc.) denis k., full-stack developer, has years experience frontend development and year experience backend development. also has strong background math. participated projects that were successfully launched. glossary crypto asset digital asset designed work medium exchange that uses cryptography secure its transactions, control the creation additional units, and verify the transfer assets. private keys private key the context blockchain secret number that allows crypto assets spent. every crypto asset wallet contains one more private keys, which are saved the wallet file. the private keys are mathematically related all crypto asset addresses generated for the wallet. addresses identifier alphanumeric characters, that represents possible destination for crypto asset payment. addresses can generated cost any user crypto asset. cryptocurrency node, full node wallet any computer that connects the blockchain network called node. nodes that fully verify all the rules bitcoin are called full nodes. full nodes download every block and transaction and check them against blockchain consensus rules. blockchain explorer block chain browser (also called "block explorer") program web site that lets users search and navigate blockchain. uses include: checking address balances, tracking coin transfer histories, watching for transaction acceptance, monitoring the network hash rate and other statistics. spv (simplified payment verification) method for verifying particular transactions are included block without downloading the entire block. the method used some lightweight blockchain clients. thin clients don't verify the preceding blocks, they use the number confirmations (whether they are valid not) measure the likelihood block chain reorganization producing new longer fork which excludes the transaction. full node wallet full node program that fully validates transactions and blocks. almost all full nodes also help the network accepting transactions and blocks from other full nodes, validating those transactions and blocks, and then relaying them further full nodes. it's possible and safe run full node wallet support the network and use its wallet store your crypto assets, but one must take the same precautions you would when using any crypto asset wallet. orderbook order book electronic list buy and sell orders for specific security financial instrument, organized price level. order book lists the number assets being bid offered each price point, market depth. also identifies the market participants behind the buy and sell orders, although some cases participants choose remain anonymous (most likely for crypto markets). bittorrent protocol communication protocol for peer-to-peer file sharing ("pp") which used distribute data and electronic files over the internet. order means the current document order investor's declaration willing purchase sell crypto asset. orders are typically placed over the phone online. orders fall into different available types which allow investors place restrictions their orders affecting the price and time which the order can executed. trade trade basic economic concept involving the buying and selling goods and services, with compensation paid buyer seller, the exchange goods services between parties. taker taker individual company that must accept prices market and takes liquidity from the makers. taker hits previously created order from the orderbook injections exploitation computer bug that caused processing invalid data. injection used attacker introduce (or "inject") code into vulnerable computer program and change the course execution. the result successful code injection can disastrous, for example allowing computer worms propagate. signature mathematical scheme for demonstrating the authenticity digital messages documents. valid digital signature gives recipient reason believe that the message was created known sender (authentication), that the sender cannot deny having sent the message (non-repudiation), and that the message was not altered transit (integrity). seeding uploading already downloaded content for others download from. peer, computer that connected the network, becomes seed when having acquired the entire set data tries download. this data consists out small parts that seeds can effectively share their content with other peers, handing out the missing pieces. peer deliberately chooses become seed leaving the upload task active when content downloaded. byzantine consensus dependability fault-tolerant computer system, particularly distributed computing systems, where components may fail and there imperfect information whether component failed. "byzantine failure", component such server can inconsistently appear both failed and functioning failure-detection systems, presenting different symptoms different observers. validator special role for active consensus participants maintaining consensus byzantine networks. while not all the nodes the blockchain network may actively involved the consensus algorithm validator nodes do. blockchain oracles application for delivery data the blockchain and delivery the data itself. market price current price which asset service can bought sold. the economic theory contends that the market price converges point where the forces supply and demand meet. network commissions fee that spenders may include any blockchain transaction. the fee may collected the miner who includes the transaction block. erc tokens technical standard used for smart contracts the ethereum blockchain for implementing tokens. defines common list rules that ethereum token has implement, giving developers the ability program how new tokens will function within the ethereum ecosystem. otc deals crypto assets traded some context other than formal exchange such the poloniex, binance, kraken. the phrase "over-the-counter" can used refer crypto assets that trade via dealer network opposed centralized exchange. smart contract computer protocol intended digitally facilitate, verify, enforce the negotiation performance contract. smart contracts allow the performance credible transactions without third parties. these transactions are trackable and irreversible. kyc procedure the know your client form standard form the investment industry that ensures investment advisors know detailed information about their clients' risk tolerance, investment knowledge and financial position. kyc forms protect both clients and investment advisors. clients are protected having their investment advisor know what investments best suit their personal situations. investment advisors are protected knowing what they can and cannot include their client's portfolio.