the secure ledger things vaughan emery vaughan.emery@atonomi.io david fragale david.fragale@atonomi.io andrii zamovsky andrey@ambisafe.co peter kinnaird peter@ambisafe-financial.com abstract atonomi provides security protocol and infrastructure enable billions iot devices have trusted interoperability for both data and commerce. the key innovation the atonomi low-level protocol root the identity and reputation devices blockchain-based immutable ledger. atonomi accomplishes this building and deploying ecosystem participants designed maintain decentralized consensus for device transactions the atonomi network. combining on-chain and off-chain resources, and built ethereum technology, atonomi's architecture extendible developers across iot verticals secure the vast realm iot devices ranging from healthcare and home automation systems, smart-city infrastructure, industrial sensors and controllers. this required because vertically focused iot companies are building diverse new applications for both controlled and autonomous device-to-device interactions, but the attack surface represented billions iot devices--most which are now unprotected poorly protected could enable hackers disrupt the services that expected control many aspects our lives the coming years. the atonomi security protocol provides the following fundamental contributions enable interoperability and secure exchange data and commerce scale: trusted immutable identity devices through its device identity registration service reputation protocol incent and enable atonomi and decentralized third-party auditors build systems detect and remove bad device actors tokenized economy for the registration and activation devices, and facilitation reputation-scoring ecosystem among third-party auditors, and for transaction validation services fully extensible architecture designed built top vertical iot applications for security atonomi project that leverages established technology its parent company, seattle-based centri technology. centri leader providing iot data security solutions, with its technology integrated into iot solutions produced multi-billion dollar ecosystem players like arm, flex, and intel, among others. centri's security technology protects data for iot devices and provides solid foundation for atonomi's security protocol. further, centri's patented security software currently available and the market for secure communication services, multi-layer crypto key management, and fast indexing and searching encrypted data integrated into the broader atonomi security protocol stack enable the atonomi network uniquely operate the high speed required iot. the atonomi network integral securing the iot and its real world applications. for example, homeowners could register smart home devices with the atonomi network validate devices the premises and help eliminate the risk hackers accessing personal information. within industrial iot, the atonomi network can protect against hackers gaining control the sensors, controllers, and other devices that regulate the operation essential infrastructure, such hydroelectric dams and utility grids. unleash the power iot, cybersecurity required. v...s table contents introduction the need for device identity reputation the right technology how atonomi differs from other proposed solutions building upon years centri's iot security experience proposing new iot ecosystem with trust the core service establish identity protocol and system manage reputation token facilitate services the atonomi network extensible architecture built upon the atonomi network technical atonomi smart contracts the manufacturer registry the auditor registry the device registry the reputation registry the atonomi token the atonomi oem/odm sdk reputation registry atonomi's audit and reputation service atonomi services identity registration service device activation service attributes registration service transaction service creation and maintenance services device ownership transfer service reputation writing and lookup services transaction validation and facilitation services service discovery service v...s scalability faster and more secure services stack fast and secure authentication small footprint device agnostic secure data intellectual property and patents the atonomi secure iot ecosystem atonomi use cases early iot adopters healthcare innovation industrial iot, smart cities, and home devices supporting diverse use cases atonomi token tokenized identity reputation commercial transactions and data exchange processing commercial transactions ecosystem partners and innovation leadership v...s table illustrations figure atonomi token figure overview the atonomi stack figure proposed architecture figure transaction validation service figure end-to-end security protocol v...s introduction "secure interoperability essential for the internet things reach its full potential. the atonomi blockchain technology vision for global service that enables secure transactions and commerce through device identity and reputation something arm excited see realized." ian ferguson, ecosystem development, iot services group, arm the atonomi network designed secure the internet things. that is, there are billions iot devices already deployed today and billions more coming. gartner, the u.s. research and advisory firm, estimates there are already some billion iot devices deployed the world percent from and further projects the number iot devices increase billion with million new iot devices deployed each day billions connected devices will propagate between quadrillion and sextillion transactions data and/or commerce over time. adding the scale iot the emergence autonomous device-to-device commercial transactions and microtransactions, which are expected play growing role how our world functions. iot becomes more robust, will the interactions between devices, creating the need for devices autonomously conduct transactions--such devices the field negotiating for and purchasing (using digital tokens) bandwidth, electric power, and other resources most efficiently function. the growth devices and their associated transactions become foundational our lives, could present increasing substantial security threats. the global iot represents huge attack surface for criminals and other bad actors, and iot devices often exist outside the protective barriers corporate firewalls and lack the computing and storage resources host traditional security software. the need for security further intensifies more and more iot devices are given the ability autonomously engage financial transactions, hackers and other bad actors could attracted the idea devices having access wallets and look for ways digitally steal funds. these potential security threats are concern for everyone from homeowners businesses, municipal, state, federal, and international government agencies. for instance, iot devices have already been hacked and harnessed for denial-of-services attacks, including the stuxnet attack iranian nuclear facility, and the mirai botnet attack that disrupted u.s. internet traffic. iot-based attacks have also targeted netflix, twitter, the bbc, and other organizations, including university that suffered ddos attack launched through one its vending machines. https://www.gartner.com/newsroom/id/ https://www.gartner.com/newsroom/id/ v...s gartner placed security the top its list the top iot technologies for and "the iot introduces wide range new security risks and challenges the iot devices themselves, their platforms and operating systems, their communications, and even the systems which they're connected. iot security could complicated the fact that many 'things' use simple processors and operating systems that may not support sophisticated security approaches." the need for device identity reputation the ability establish iot device identity and reputation essential enable the secure interoperability between devices without the need for human intervention. such service could prevent unintended consequences from hackers attempting disrupt critical systems benefit economically from actions that have become common traditional computer networks. immutable device identity, much like our own fingerprints, can obtained from the device through function commonly referred root-of-trust, using either hardware crypto certificates. once the device identity established, can written the blockchain permanent record. device reputation would evolve over the lifetime the device, much like personal credit scores. the device's dynamic reputation can also written the blockchain for public review. this provides for both method establish risk rating for the device and, the event the device compromised hackers, the reputation could set such that the device can longer effectively function. validating device identity and managing reputation provides foundation for securing the iot diverse application developers build top the atonomi security protocol. the right technology blockchain uniquely solves for fundamental vulnerabilities data security, particularly focused central authorities for data storage and access control rights, bringing decentralized architecture and consensus security protocol the iot space. such, the atonomi network able establish immutable digital identity for every device its network using decentralized architecture and consensus mechanism. addition trusted device identity, blockchain also enables secure and immutable management device's reputation throughout its life. moreover, more devices begin use the atonomi network for secure, trusted interoperability, network effects attract additional devices enabling the machine-to-machine economy flourish. further, atonomi envisions world where blockchain technology allows humans confidently govern autonomous devices through not only identity and reputation, but also smart autonomous contracts. the ability blockchain scale meet the transactional demands the iot space area which atonomi keenly focused. our architecture combines on-chain and off-chain resources enable iot operate scale. further, part the ethereum community, atonomi intends support, and encourage other members the peer-to-peer atonomi network support and adopt, scaling solutions they become necessary for the health the atonomi network such plasma, raiden, sharding and swarm, well alternative solutions currently development. https://www.gartner.com/newsroom/id/ v...s how atonomi differs from other proposed solutions while the need for iot security has triggered increased development efforts, many other proposed iot solutions are incomplete based poor security designs. for example, many proposed solutions ignore blockchain, thereby lacking immutability while representing centralized single point failure. while others use blockchain, they have limited and specific application-based focus, and lack interoperability, extensibility, and the need for establishing immutable identity and reputation tracking. atonomi's solution provides the following: low-level protocol for secure iot atonomi enables secure transactions between iot devices through our blockchain-based identity registry, which establishes root-of-trust using encrypted whitelist data from participating oems/odms providing unique device identity and public key for each device validated onto the atonomi network. atonomi uses the ethereum blockchain part our decentralized solution. others generally don't address the critical element security nor leverage the immutability blockchain technology. trust and reputation trust and reputation are essential for autonomous devices engage transaction data and value, and are part the atonomi network design, including our reputation tracking service. reputation tracking allows for automated identification of, and action against, rogue compromised devices. many other proposed solutions lack the capability identifying and revoking access for untrusted devices, something that the atonomi network design addresses. also, others leave the critical elements trust and reputation handled third parties, simply omit them their solutions. existing iot security market leadership iot devices typically have limited computing, storage, power, and bandwidth resources. atonomi's parent company centri has pioneered the precision coding and engineering required provide security solutions--with footprint measured kilobytes, not megabytes--for deployment even the most resource-constrained devices. this past experience being leveraged and deployed the atonomi network, which accommodates the fact that autonomous devices, through multiple unique iot stakeholders will need negotiate new relationships, negotiate data structures, and interact. contrast, some iot solutions require participating devices perform computationally complex peer-to-peer functions simply require too large footprint useful across any but the more powerful iot devices. building upon years centri's iot security experience centri technology www.centritechnology.com the parent company atonomi, was formed technology transfer out the university mississippi address the growing cybersecurity need for data protection and optimization. centri has been recognized leading provider data security for the internet things technology research firms frost sullivan, gartner research, and others. v...s centri's patented security technology--currently available and the market--is integrated into the full atonomi security protocol stack enable its solution uniquely operate the high speed required iot. result, the atonomi product has unique and competitive technical advantage over others that may offer alternative iot security platform. the technologies developed centri are protected issued patents and extensive patent portfolio roadmap. three the technologies are integrated into the atonomi services layer its full protocol are: secure communication services--a lightweight communications protocol able create secure session milliseconds average multi-layer crypto key management--a scalable crypto key management methodology that enables decentralization encrypted data without centralized key management fast indexing and searching encrypted data method searching and retrieving decentralized encrypted data without knowledge the data storage these technologies and others developed centri provide atonomi with advanced data security capabilities protect decentralized data and enable the scale and transaction speeds necessary for iot. centri's data security products have been used successfully leading technology companies, including: arm, flextronics, and intel. this track record demonstrates that centri's data security technology, incorporated the atonomi network, could powerful and effective technology for protecting the data many iot devices. proposing new iot ecosystem with trust the core "connected devices that think, transact and exchange sensitive and confidential data are the next evolution iot. there are few impediments that must overcome prior the full utilization this hugely disruptive technology. initiatives like atonomi which are marrying essential concepts trust, identity, autonomy and security show great promise, and look forward using their platform." gary conktight, chairman, ceo and co-founder, physiq service establish identity trusted identity provides level insurance necessary for iot device exchange information, enable actions and buy and sell products and services. iot device manufacturers and solution providers have vested interest securing the products they sell. the starting point for the root-of-trust (the lowest common denominator for device identity) begins with the device manufacturer. new manufacturers the atonomi network are screened existing members the network and then provided with unique manufacturer identifier used when registering devices submitted the network. this screening process used assess their cybersecurity best practices and assign default reputation score the manufacturer. the process qualifying the manufacturers v...s and assigning scores their devices ensure the integrity the network. this essential step prevent rogue and hacked devices from entering the network. trusted manufacturers submit their list devices through whitelist list devices that are known and trusted the atonomi network) the atonomi identity registry service. the identity registry service the atonomi consensus service that validates the integrity the whitelist. select manufacturers the atonomi network will run instance limited number identity registry servers. these manufacturers are highly qualified and trusted maintain the integrity the network. the atonomi network expands, the identity registry servers will publish secondary identity registry servers. the role the identity registry servers are ensure the whitelist properly formatted, submitted from trusted device manufacturer and all metadata the whitelist consistent with the manufacturer's profile maintained the identity registry blockchain. once registered, the device known and trusted the atonomi network and now ready for the device owner activate the device when placed service. protocol and system manage reputation once device identity established, the reputation devices must managed order for secure interoperability exist. device's reputation consists its unique behavioral signature representing varying degrees security, commercial, social and service quality measurements example. the atonomi network enables registered devices validate device's reputation stored the blockchain establish trust before exchanging data commerce. within marketplace, there will provider and requester (of information/data and/or services). the device requesting services will able submit request the marketplace and the device providing the service will respond the request. the devices have reputation score that verifies them known trusted per the reputation auditors and the device manufacturers, the transaction can proceed. the authorization for transaction has expired, then the devices initiate another request for validation the peer device from the atonomi network. atonomi's reputation protocol key enabler future consisting trusted devices securely interacting autonomous manner. device begins operate outside predetermined parameters, auditors write low reputation scores the device reputation data store and other devices can refuse interactions. conversely, autonomous device has developed positive reputation for effectively servicing others, the reputable device may attract more business service provider and might able increase its pricing for service. reputation data collected, stored and managed distributed network audit partners. audit partners are paid through fees with atonomi tokens, track device behavior the atonomi network order score the reputation each device, analogous fico score but with the parameters for the machine economy. scores are vectors with both magnitude and direction, similar how fico scores with number (e.g., and direction (credit worthiness). reputation scores can also relate nonfinancial information such device's trustworthiness with respect posting social media reporting accurate weather, health data, and more. v...s token facilitate services the atonomi network atonomi intends build global ecosystem enable the secure, trusted interoperability iot devices through identity and reputation. such, atonomi introducing the atonomi token for participants the decentralized ecosystem transact with each other. the atonomi token used the atonomi network for device registration, activation, reputation management and commerce transactions. key participants such oem/device manufacturers, distributors, device owners and auditors are anticipated seek atonomi token rewards for participating the atonomi network. figure atonomi token. the atonomi network relies the atonomi token order for function: the token acts utility operate the atonomi smart contracts, serves digital unit value that can used facilitate the operation and expansion the system its ecosystem participant; and our architecture tokenizes the identity and reputation management devices the atonomi network, drives continually increasing ecosystem participation. extensible architecture built upon the atonomi network has been designed for others build upon and extend the services meet the additional needs new and existing market segments. the security protocol and infrastructure the atonomi network provides the essential identity and reputation security enable third-party services with device trust and reputation. the identity registry and transaction ledger can integrated into services such healthcare, industrial iot, and home automation enable devices v...s from different manufacturers interoperate without the complexity custom api development the security risks associated with open communications between unknown devices. third-party service provider could extend their solution using the atonomi network validate the device identity and reputation before transaction occurs. the devices the transaction, once validated, could save specific transaction and metadata plus atonomi identity and reputation data within their private database submit the transaction another third-party public blockchain. these transactions create immutable record between trusted devices that provide level certainty not possible before. getting security right has proven difficult for companies and experts focused cybersecurity. through the extendible architecture atonomi, non-security experts can build upon network with the certainty the device identity and reputation. the atonomi network technical the atonomi network designed validate device identity, provide extensible capacity for leveraging device reputation transactions, and provide protocol hooks for recording arbitrary device transactions. further, the atonomi network provides sdk facilitate oem integrations for device and device reputation lookup. recording lookups and metadata about subsequent transactions sent through software services that are called from the sdk, the atonomi network serves additional role auditor. devices performing anomalous lookups will have their reputations downgraded and those which continuously display ordinary performance will have their reputations upgraded. the atonomi network's use the public ethereum blockchain intended ensure the permanence atonomi functionality, providing security for iot devices into the foreseeable future. the atonomi network includes the atonomi token, which utility token used activate devices onto the atonomi network and can also used for secure device-to-device commercial transactions. v...s figure overview the atonomi stack. atonomi smart contracts the manufacturer registry smart contract which can only written atonomi and participants the consensus network. atonomi and its consensus partners will add partner manufacturers this registry and maintain their state. each smart contract lists data tuples referenceable public unique identifiers. this way, the identity registry can conceptualized similarly relational database (see figure write control these smart contracts strictly maintained whitelists controlled atonomi. read control maintained encrypting salting and hashing data order obfuscate the data from arbitrary third parties. the atonomi network includes metadata field each tuple for extensibility. v...s figure architecture describing the different smart contracts and how they interact with each other and external devices and services. the manufacturer registry the manufacturer registry smart contract which can only written atonomi. atonomi will add partner manufacturers this registry and maintain their state. each tuple this registry contains unique id, human readable name, salted and hashed authorization key, field maintaining the fee reward atonomi tokens collected from distributed this manufacturer when the manufacturer adds new devices the registry. the smart contract allows atonomi add, remove, suspend partner manufacturer. the auditor registry the auditor registry smart contract which can only written atonomi. atonomi will add partner auditors this registry and maintain their state. each tuple this registry contains unique id, human readable name, salted and hashed authorization key, field maintaining the fee v...s reward atonomi tokens collected from distributed this manufacturer when the manufacturer adds new devices the registry. the smart contract allows atonomi add, remove, suspend audit partner. the device registry the device registry smart contract which can only written authorized manufacturers listed the manufacturer registry. writing entry the device registry may require award atonomi tokens based the appropriate entry the manufacturer registry. this way, tokens can used facilitate participation accordance with maintaining healthy network and can thought license for participation. each tuple the device registry will contain unique identifier, reference the unique identifier the manufacturer registry, field listing protocols the device supports, and optional reference payment authorization identifier. the reputation registry the reputation registry smart contract which can only written authorized auditors listed the auditor registry. writing entry the device registry may require atonomi tokens update the ledger for the manufacturer registry. turn, participating consensus partners can earn token rewards for validating entries the manufacturer registry. this way, atonomi tokens can used facilitate participation accordance with maintaining healthy network and can thought license for participation. tuples the registration registry maintain unique identifier, reference the auditor who wrote the entry, score stored unsigned bit integer (capable storing value from ,,,), reputation type, and reference device manufacturer id. reputation types are plain text that auditors determine. for example, particular auditor might maintain financial reputation (trustworthiness the device for purchases given price range) for given device well social reputation (trustworthiness the device make social media posts behalf its owner). the atonomi token the atonomi token, which functions compliance with erc- standards, utility token used register devices onto the atonomi network during the device registration process and write reputational data the network. noted earlier, the atonomi token can also used reasonable default for secure device-to-device commerce between devices registered onto the atonomi network. moreover, the token serves reward mechanism facilitate and attract ecosystem participants the atonomi network. the atonomi oem/odm sdk simplify manufacturer and auditor interactions with the ethereum blockchain, atonomi includes shared-source services for all the described interactions with the smart contracts and provide sdks for free oems and odms allow them easily participate the atonomi network. atonomi provides sample code and sdk for oems and odms use embedding basic device wake-up and handshake code for devices use upon initial activation. the embedded code directs the device the atonomi network where its unique device identity and private key matched the whitelist data stored the identity registry blockchain. these sdks rely upon services run the atonomi v...s network order further facilitate connections between manufacturer data centers, iot devices, and the ethereum blockchain. reputation registry reputation tracked for each device and can also tracked for device owners, devices sharing common wallet. reputation provides additional layer security, enabling misbehaving devices decremented the point exclusion. reputation can also used qualifying element transactions. reputation can based number factors (customizable meet the needs different verticals) including: device performance, service delivery, device owner, device manufacturer. advanced reputation management capabilities could informed emerging and machine learning. atonomi's audit and reputation service while the atonomi network and security protocol are designed support any number party auditors who can analyze their partners devices and those devices' transactions, the atonomi network also serves initial auditor and reputation service provider. the oem sdk includes calls atonomi service layers record transaction logs when devices are registered, activated, and perform lookups the atonomi network. the sdk supports the easy addition other network calls support the sending high granularity device-specific log data third party audit services specified manufacturers. part ongoing development contributions, atonomi intends bootstrap the network with reputational data based manufacturer security best practices. the atonomi network will dynamically adjust device reputation based upon artificial intelligence-based analysis device-to-device behavior. transaction logs are stored within the atonomi network where design classifiers will identify aberrant behavior and modify device reputation accordingly. atonomi services the atonomi network intended include number cloud-based services intended make simpler for oems embed atonomi functionality into their devices. identity registration service the identity registration service the atonomi security protocol designed interact with devices seeking validate the identity registry. the identity registration service handles key negotiation and validation unique hardware identification against the oem/odm-provided whitelist. upon validation, the service sends add function the identity registry blockchain with unique device identification and other metadata. once given device has been added the registry cannot re-added, preventing its credentials from being reused. each validated device may associated with transaction authorization, such wallet with public-private key pair associated with it. similarly, devices may de-registered suspended needed. this service dependent appropriate number atonomi tokens being transferred between transaction service providers. v...s device activation service the device activation service supports device ownership transfer with the validation public/private key pairs and encrypted unique device identifier from the oem/odm whitelist activate new devices onto (or reject invalid devices from) the device registry. additionally, this service can generate validation failure alerts external services order provide notifications relevant parties. after successful identity validation and activation the device into the atonomi network, the transaction authorization/wallet associated with the device, generally that the device owner organization's iot network manager, decremented partial atonomi token amount. attributes registration service the oem/odm stack provides apis for integration with manufacturer's existing device application stack where attributes and other user-defined metadata are assigned devices. the atonomi transaction validation service provides metadata part its transaction permissioning. attributes could include: per-transaction spending limits transactions per-minute (hours days) spending limits geographic limitations transactions counter-party reputation requirements attributes can also ascribed for non-financial transactions, for example: data exchange only with identity registry-validated devices data exchange with any device data exchange with any device within scope geofencing whitelisted smart contracts can receive payments from device used gateway/firewall for additional auditing and permissions purposes the above attributes aren't intended complete list, but example the ways which device owners can use the oem/odm application stack ascribe attributes which will have meaningful use for their own vertical and specialized needs. transaction service creation and maintenance services the oem stack supports use existing--or creation new--digital wallets related transaction authorizations for devices that may need support commercial transactions. transaction authorizations wallets can created device owners either device-by-device basis, department-wide, company-wide, other group basis. atonomi intends work with third-party services support credit card and bank account authorizations. atonomi token-compatible wallets will used store atonomi tokens which will deduct small percentage for some transactions taking place over the atonomi network. wallet creation isn't required for devices not anticipated involved commercial transactions and not performing charged transactions the atonomi network. should need for wallet later arise, device owners can return the oem/odm device application create wallet. device ownership transfer service the atonomi network will support ownership transfer iot devices--with without wallet contents. upon device transfer, transaction log entry the transfer will broadcast the atonomi v...s audit service which will incorporate this data into its artificial intelligence models and update device reputation needed. reputation writing and lookup services the atonomi network will maintain cloud-based service that may optionally incorporated into device software oems facilitate lookup reputational data prior engaging peer-to-peer transactions. atonomi also maintains services write the reputation registry for whitelisted auditors. transaction validation and facilitation services the atonomi network maintains services facilitate off-chain inter-device transactions (especially commercial transactions). the data from these services are used for reputation analysis. the extensible nature the atonomi network oem stack means that different verticals can define which non-commercial transactions are stored off-chain. atonomi tokens may useful default token for inter-device commercial transactions. though ethereum network transaction processing might become cost- speed-prohibitive, believe the network sufficient for immediate use. and when necessary maintain healthy ecosystem, atonomi and members the network will evaluate migration simultaneous use alternative blockchain technologies for these transactions, such ethereum raiden, plasma, hashgraph, others. v...s figure transaction validation service. service discovery service atonomi's service discovery service allow devices connect atonomi's database services provided other devices and return device from the identity registry. device seeking locate electricity for purchase, for example, can query this service with its requirements. list device ids and relevant information about the services available will returned alongside relevant reputation data. service-specific metadata cataloged based device- and manufacturer-specific metadata registered with the device the identity registry. scalability the proposed architecture leverages centralized cloud services scalable through traditional means well the ethereum public blockchain. recognize industry-wide concerns about the scalability the ethereum blockchain and will benchmark and forecast key performance metrics ensure that our services and protocol can serve the necessary use cases. note that many the operations v...s support not require high throughput writes the blockchain. will continue monitor new developments the space and prepare migration path and when scalability becomes significant concern. faster and more secure services stack integrated into the services stack the atonomi solution the centri iotas technology. device performance and blockchain data security are essential elements secure iot, the atonomi agent includes advanced security technology developed centri. atonomi has integrated the high speed communications technology described below allow iot devices operate real-time data speeds. further, data posted the public blockchain protected multi-layer crypto key management allow devices owners and atonomi auditor server analyze device transaction history without exposing the data public review. fast and secure authentication centri iotas has process for assigning secure device identifications upon registering new device into iot environment. this allows for immediate, and encrypted, single-stage handshake communication between iot devices using the centri secure communications library, and the cloud infrastructure side using the centri secure communications service. with centri iotas, there's need exchange certificates employ third-party certificate authority solution. plan use technology similar our security-enhancing single-stage handshake within our oem stack for guiding initial contact between newly activated device and our identity registry. small footprint the centri iotas platform has minimal footprint, making easy embed the code into applications. iotas only requires about ram for efficient performance typical iot devices. centri developed "vault-less" technology--a patented process embed key seed information within the data, eliminate the need for hardware key storage systems. the seed data used generate each one-time key protected with asymmetric encryption. the result unlimited key management, which essential for iot security scale. our experience creating tight code and embedding key seed data will inform our creation the small code footprint our oem stack, which see essential for integration with iot devices that can resource-constrained. device agnostic developers can use the c-based libraries and tools across spectrum operating systems, including android, ios, windows, linux, rtos, and custom network stacks and other code organizations might want use creating iot solutions. atonomi uses this same device agnostic approach creating open and extensible development platform that can customized the exacting needs different verticals. secure data the centri iotas technology protects data during transport, use, and rest through standards-based, leading edge cryptography, including elliptic curve diffie-hellman cryptography v...s (ecdh) salsa symmetric key cipher data encryption, and sha- cryptographic hash function for key derivation. atonomi will guided this same approach protecting data with leading-edge cryptography. intellectual property and patents centri's iotas protected via multiple patents: single-pass data compression and encryption, u.s. patent which compress and encrypt data single pass reduce inefficiencies that occur from compression and encrypting data separately. single-pass data compression and encryption (broadening), u.s. patent seeding workspace optimize codec operations, u.s. patent which improves codec performance seeding the computation workspace that may used various codec processors. seeding workspace optimize codec operations (broadening), u.s. patent secure storage for shared documents, u.s. patent which improves management data storage for secure storage shared documents, using encryption key based instruction set and header information. secure storage for shared documents (broadening), u.s. patent transparent denial service protection, u.s. patent which uses instruction set information that references seed file communicated client computer and network packet key generated the instruction set information encrypted and provided server. transparent denial service protection (broadening), u.s. patent fast indexing and searching encoded documents, u.s. patent application big data markers for stream labeling, identification and decoding, u.s. patent application process for distributing computing datasets, u.s. patent applied for. the atonomi secure iot ecosystem "the number connected devices are growing exponentially driving the value provided iot solutions. the atonomi blockchain initiative offers intriguing possibilities secure this world automated device-to-device transactions and exchange data." mrinalini lakshminarayanan, director products and services, gogo inflight important part securing iot building ecosystem that designed maintain and expand iot security and interoperability. atonomi plans accomplish this multiple ways. first, unlike other iot security offerings, atonomi begins the source the iot value chain embedding the atonomi oem stack into the chip/oem software code (see figure the chip-first v...s solution relevant the atonomi architecture because the small number chip manufacturers create the foundation for end-to-end security protocol that could widely used smart device manufacturers, and then built application developers. figure atonomi network provides end-to-end security protocol for the iot value chain. next, the atonomi ecosystem designed serve decentralized network iot stakeholders who act key participants atonomi's identity and reputation service. for instance, participants such utilities, smart cities, industrial iot participants, and oem and device manufacturers may elect audit data and publish reputation data, provide service layers interact with atonomi's smart contracts, validate and process transactions between devices the atonomi network. low-level protocol for secure iot, atonomi will also enable community developers build the next generation iot applications and platforms. securing the end points iot devices and facilitating trusted interoperability between devices, atonomi solves the fundamental problem security iot and facilitates innovation hub for the dapp developer community. the atonomi network engineered support extensibility. provide known and trusted device identity and reputation, and other companies and organizations that will able extend the definition based their own future needs. for example, builders iot devices for the hvac industry may identify new transaction types, could participants iot for industrial controllers, the power grid, agricultural devices, healthcare, retailing, shipping, and world other areas. creating extensible platform, open all, will foster new--and secure--ways derive benefit from the internet things. audit partners are anticipated seek fees atonomi tokens serve validators the atonomi network. for instance, smart device such electric vehicle may enter into service transaction with charging station recharge its battery. while atonomi secures identity and reputation these devices enabled smart contracts, audit partners (run oems, smart cities, pwc, etc.) could validate this transaction and, return, receive reward fee atonomi tokens. expanding upon centri's established record data security products, and building upon centri's existing partnerships with arm, flex, and intel, atonomi intends attract the key v...s stakeholders the iot value chain facilitate adoption and participation the atonomi network through business development and customer acquisition activities. atonomi use cases according gartner, estimated million connected devices are being added per day the iot. the burgeoning iot market can viewed continuum, with early adopters that will over time drive future market opportunities. atonomi seeks the standard low-level security protocol for the iot industry. with chip-first strategy, atonomi intends work with chip manufacturers who may choose embed our software, which the greatest possible leverage point the ecosystem. below are applications that are immediate relevance potential users the atonomi network. the healthcare, industrial, smart city and home device markets are considered current movers the iot space. early iot adopters healthcare given the aging baby boomer generation and the many use cases iot can provide for healthcare, the healthcare industry can derive substantial benefits from atonomi network products. for example, consider the case adding atonomi security into iot solution, used for proprietary health application platform, which then built upon application companies creating connected monitoring products, analytics tools, trackers, and other innovations. the application level, for instance: inventory sensor inside hospital emergency room blood-storage appliance could autonomously order re-stocks specific blood types from regional suppliers based upon existing inventory, anonymized electronic health record reports scheduled surgeries, and day-of-week historical needs. this system could secured with the atonomi network. diabetic patient wearing insulin pump could allow the pump share anonymized blood chemistry data with researchers advance the science, with healthcare monitoring systems that could intercede prevent adverse events. this system could also secured with the atonomi network. innovation industrial iot, smart cities, and home devices industrial iot requires secure ecosystem within which wide array device types can seamlessly operate together help manage the consistent flow and monitoring workflow across multiple processes. additionally, industrial iot devices often need extend autonomous interoperability include resources beyond the domain the manufacturing facility. the result need for trusted identity, reputation, and the ability ledger user-defined key events. regarding smart cities, municipalities are finding ways employ automation seamlessly connect iot devices and resources lower power consumption, reduce traffic congestion, enhance air quality, increase safety, and improve overall livability. iot will the core many these efforts, and providing security across this broad array attack surfaces will essential. v...s further, the iot already playing increasingly relevant role home automation, smart appliances, and array other devices designed make life easier and more convenient. consumer, concerned about internet security, can requires all iot devices within the home identity-validated and secure help eliminate attack surfaces. supporting diverse use cases while particular industries might early adopters, the atonomi network architected that diverse verticals are able build using our protocol over time. consider additional use cases illustrate the ways security required core building block iot applications, and the way the atonomi protocol could integrated into various third-part applications: electric vehicle recharges its batteries from charging station, autonomously conducting the payment transaction through the owner's electronic wallet. the vehicle securely negotiates for the lowest-cost power available, while the owner spared the hassle plugging credit card and paying service charge. home with solar panels and wall storage batteries could use iot device securely sell excess power neighboring home with smart meter looking for cheap power while running the clothes dryer. moisture sensors industrial greenhouse could detect low soil nitrogen and securely transact with irrigation devices add nitrogen from automated feeders. office building with iot-equipped hvac system could securely negotiate just-in-time electric power from local regional providers based availability, time day, and lowest cost. remote sensor securely negotiates just-in-time wireless services from low-cost provider facilitate periodic data transmission. atonomi token the atonomi token central the entire atonomi network. the use token ideally suited secure iot devices, which typically have constrained memory and cpu resources, because the token can link the identity between the device and device owner through crypto wallet. devices can't expected carry pci stack for credit card purchases, nor are credit cards suitable for the kind autonomous device-to-device micro-transactions required many use cases which may involve purchases less than and some cases less than one cent. tokenized identity reputation atonomi tokens serve multi-use token for the internal mechanics the atonomi network. specifically, when new devices are registered and activated the atonomi network, atonomi tokens can used fees for creating device's digital identity through the use smart contracts. additionally, tokens are designed key component atonomi's reputation tracking service enabling reputation data captured, analyzed and scored. atonomi tokens also enable devices validate other device identities that are stored the blockchain encountered throughout its lifecycle. v...s commercial transactions and data exchange atonomi tokens can used digital token enable device-to-device autonomous transactions. third-party tokens can also used. this token-based economy enables devices securely engage peer-to-peer autonomous transactions. while atonomi doesn't charge for data exchanges, atonomi tokens provide digital token enable devices engage commercial transactions with each other. for example, smart meter home building may autonomously negotiate with the power company micro grid acquire electricity and pay for services using the atonomi token. processing commercial transactions atonomi plans enable fees structured into the smart contract and blockchain-based transactions, including device registration, activation, validation other devices, reputation management and commercial transactions. for instance, atonomi may elect charge processing payment for handling commercial transactions between iot devices. nothing charged for data exchanges. anticipated that these transaction fees would shared between reputation auditors relation the auditing services they perform, and atonomi. ecosystem partners and innovation atonomi anticipates that ecosystem partners will seek participate key functions the network, including device registration, activation, validation other devices, reputation management and commerce transactions. for instance, explained above, device manufacturers may elect serve auditors write reputation data the reputation service, and receive atonomi tokens reward for their service the network. additionally, atonomi tokens may used attract new chip/device manufacturers and end users the network through customer acquisition programs. lastly, low-level security protocol, atonomi aims unlock many new use cases and future innovations such marketplace for iot commerce. the developer community can build the atonomi protocol innovate new projects and service offerings leveraging the atonomi token fuel for their initiatives. for example, swytch.io new blockchain-based project intending disrupt the energy market democratizing access electricity through encouraging local, micro-grid production. this case, swytch may leverage the atonomi security protocol (and the atonomi token) secure the end points swytch's network and enable trusted interoperability. leadership leadership for the atonomi network includes vaughan emery, founder and ceo david fragale, co-founder and product mike mackey, cto and engineering dr. luis paris, chief scientist andrii zamovsky, technical development partner v...s advisors atonomi include dr. paul clippinger, senior advisor; mit media lab peter kinnaird, technical development partner; ambisafe dr. david kravitz, vice president, crypto systems research darkmatter dr. ulf lindqvist, program director stanford research international (sri) david jevans, ceo, ciphertrace rob may, ceo, talla and botchain for brief biographies our leadership team, please visit the atonomi website v...s