whitepaper version may abstract across the globe, individuals and governments face the reality that people are not saving enough meet their retirement needs. are living longer, and the implications longevity are broader and more urgent than many are willing acknowledge. globally, life expectancy has grown nearly since and since alone these changes are occurring time when the need for financial advice has never been greater, savers grapple with global and geopolitical uncertainty, prolonged low and negative interest rates, and longer lifespans. retirement savers are often left out decision making. they are inadequately addressed and feel disenfranchised. addition, they are not offered the transparency needed well informed and are treated paternalistic manner. furthermore, client preferences have changed. recent accenture study found that clients increasingly prefer have mix robo and human advisory. addition, they feel more and more comfortable tailor their own portfolios. however, for many retirement savers, creating saving portfolio can seem like overwhelming task. recent years, dedicated, but local retirement plan services like betterment and wealthfront nutmeg have addressed this need for tailored, transparent and robo-advisory driven retirement portfolios. auctus believe can even step further, cutting out all middlemen utilizing blockchain and smart contracts, well allowing retirement savers aggregate their entire retirement savings, from regulated k/ira plans, voluntary traditional investments well cryptocurrency investments. this holistic approach allows running analytics and robo-advisory the entirety savings, enabling the retirement saver take better decisions and ultimately reach their saving targets faster. united nations, world population ageing report, accenture consulting, the new face wealth management the era hybrid advice, table contents abstract table contents vision value proposition market overview issues why smart contracts blockchain the auctus platform technology token model market strategy team advisory board roadmap development milestones token sale allocation use proceeds marketing strategy disclaimers and risks conclusion appendix historical context appendix analytics projection tools vision auctus' mission put retirement savers back control their retirement plan, offering access global investment platform that allows users create optimized portfolios bonds, stocks and cryptocurrencies, providing the information needed take well informed decisions, using blockchain increase transparency and automation, and ultimately increasing trust towards the chosen retirement plan. robo advisory, transparency, automation and record keeping are thereby integral aspect the auctus platform, well marketplace that allows the retirement community come together without middlemen. auctus' vision create platform from the community, for the community and aspires decentralized possible and much community driven, owned and managed feasible. value proposition decision power traditional retirement plans are rigid, leave very little room for decisions and keep their customers the dark about performance and fees. auctus' ambition provide data transparency, fee transparency well validation advice. the auctus platform was designed give the users the information needed, take well informed decisions and ultimately control their retirement savings. holistic approach instead having regulated retirement plan (such k/ira), some investment platform for equities and bonds and some wallets with cryptocurrencies, users will able consolidate all their different retirement savings the auctus platform, having full overview and control. will possible upload the asset allocation your regulated k/ira plan, traditional voluntary investments and combine with your cryptocurrency investments. this holistic approach allows the user focus the overall risk/return characteristics instead analyzing them individually. this offers unparalleled diversification opportunities, thanks the low correlation between fiat and crypto assets. only holistic approach will allow retirement savers obtain the necessary information run holistic portfolio analytics and determine the suitable investment strategy reach their retirement saving goals faster. long-term focus comparison other investment services, auctus specialized retirement saving. this means the platform set with the purpose long-term saving and payout. our analytic tools beyond classic risk calculations and allow you model your savings from contribution amount, time period well payout amount. removal cost layers the auctus platform turning the retirement plan model upside down. instead having multiple cost layers from expensive fund structures, portfolio managers and further middlemen, are replacing everything with analytic tools and robo advisory. desired, human advisory can purchased the best global market rate. transparency transparency buzzword the blockchain space. however, transparency more than buzzword the case auctus. the retirement plan industry one the few industries which hasn't been disrupted. information often kept hidden and customers aren't being informed properly. offering complete transparency therefore key, matter when comes investments, operating the auctus platform itself. result oriented fee structure our robo-advisors and human advisors have result-oriented fee structure incentivize good advice. users won't have pay for mediocre advice. market overview market size worldwide, total retirement plan assets were estimated usd trillion the end the accounts for global pensions assets, followed the (.%) and japan (.%) total united states retirement plan assets were usd trillion, which roughly was defined contribution and defined benefit plans competition recent years, dynamic investment platforms, well specialized retirement plan platforms have experienced strong growth they fill the desire customers for low fees and tailored solutions that can assembled the user. believe that auctus positioned unique way, bridging between the cryptocurrency space and specialized retirement saving platforms, while integrating the latest robo-advisory and analytic features. compare auctus' positioning the existing ecosystem, plotted some the most notable companies two axes, shown the chart figure below. the vertical axis ranks the impact the industry terms innovation, the horizontal axis ranks projects and companies from generalist specialist. with specialist, mean towers watson global pension assets study, federal reserve statistical release report, retirement plan and goal-based investment focus, with tailored analytics and advice for retirement savers cryptocurrency generalists whereas iconomi innovator terms being the first cryptocurrency based investment platform, centralized solution. melonport and blackmoon have blockchain based, decentralized business models and follow generalist approach, meaning they aren't offering dedicated retirement and goal-based investment tools. centralized specialists wealthfront, betterment and nutmeg are innovators the retirement space. they all offer tailored platforms for retirement savers, have innovative robo-advisory and analytic tools. however, they are all local (wealthfront and betterment only and nutmeg only), they also are centralized platforms, without the involvement the community. the tools are static and cannot extended amended the users. traditional specialists companies like fidelity, prudential vanguard have long-standing reputations the retirement asset management space. they offer large-scale solutions. even though some them show interest for new technologies, they are usually late adopters terms technology and won't taking any risks for the sake innovation. traditional generalists many banks and investment managers have established online investment tools. usually, there little innovation with these players. they focus more proven strategies, business models and technology. auctus positioned innovative, decentralized and cryptocurrency specialist, focusing the retirement plan and goal-based investment industry, utilizing the decentralized nature the ethereum network, enabling community driven, owned and potentially even managed and providing the latest robo advisory and analytic tools empower users the platform. based auctus market analysis, issues challenging market environment since the financial crisis, the need for financial advice has increased, existing challenges are gaining magnitude and are supplemented with new ones. volatile markets, record low yields, aging populations and lack financial literacy, access advice are jeopardizing the future retirement income individuals. incidents that could absorbed the pre-financial crisis environment are now impacting retirement plans more severely and are thus exposed more frequently. record low yields low interest rates are usually desired, because cheap borrowing costs encourage spending and capital investments, which fuel economic activity and growth. low rates also offer relief for debt-laden governments and consumers, who can now refinance existing loans better terms. however, for retirement plans, low interest rates mean low yields bonds. low bond yields make harder for retirement plans secure future income for their members, given that reserves required fund future liabilities increase when bond yields decrease. many retirement plans have found themselves underfunded because low bond yields, forcing them hard choice between insolvency and taking uncharacteristically high investment risks escape it. low interest rates also lead higher valuations equities, which are major component retirement plans' portfolios. with stocks more expensive, expected future returns are lower, making the problem meeting pension promises even more severe. aging population demographic crisis for retirement plans, driven longer life expectancies and declining birth rates, has now become critical, thanks historic low bond yields across the world. the result enormous deficits. the us, retirement plans run companies the s&p index were underfunded $bn the end last month, according mercer nearly $bn more than just seven months earlier thanks further drops bond yields. for public plans which are allowed assume far higher interest rates than are available the bond market, making their liabilities look unrealistically cheap the problem far worse. outdated business models changing lifestyles providers retirement solutions often have long history and heritage. although experience important, there often lack innovation and flexibility adapting new circumstances. lifestyles have changed over the past decades, employees are changing their employer more frequently and might even change their domicile and jurisdiction over their career. current retirement systems are not set for this kind profile, despite becoming standard. lack engagement time when the need for financial advice great for many, levels engagement with financial advisors are disappointingly low approximately individuals surveyed both the and germany and individuals the netherlands currently use the services advisor. the us, only individuals surveyed use professional financial advisor. further, more than one-quarter those surveyed who previously used advice had stopped taking advice because had become too expensive. disengagement with advisors especially prevalent jurisdictions where regulators have prohibited commissions from financial product suppliers (e.g., mutual fund managers) financial intermediaries they seek mitigate potential conflicts interest. this lack consumer engagement compounded low levels financial literacy, which may negatively reinforce individuals' willingness engage with financial advisors inadequate communication many providers retirement plans treat their members paternalistic way. members get only occasional updates, without proper engagement, nor the necessary transparency. furthermore, members feel they are not control their retirement saving. ultimately, this leading completely disenfranchised customer base that only loyal due lack alternatives. existing investment platform issues mediocre advice without proven track record previous advice and fee structure that allows users pay for advice only when the returns are satisfactory, retirement savers might end paying for bad advice that will result retirement income gaps and ultimately not achieving their saving target. hidden costs most retirement plan members are not aware all costs involved. asset management fees represent only part overall costs. there are many other costs involved; minimizing these costs can lead transparency problem described gail moss and the ipe retirement costs are comprised transaction, trading and asset custody fees, but also include regulation, administration and reporting costs. these costs are often hidden. hidden costs reduce net investment returns and can significantly lower funds accumulated for retirement income. thomas post, maastricht university school business and economics, accenture, financial times and time.com gail moss, investment and pension europe magazine, why smart contracts blockchain many the issues affecting the retirement plan industry can solved business model reengineering, others adding robo-advisory and analytic tools and lastly others applying smart contracts and blockchain technology. auctus are utilizing the ethereum network various areas with the following purposes: smart contract powered fee structure smart contracts make possible create result-oriented, transparent and low fee structure. auc tokens stay trustless escrow and fees are paid only for periods that robo-advisor predictions are right. this system also brings fee transparency, allowing each user know exactly what they are paying. blockchain robo and human advisor tracking record blockchain's inherently immutable record-keeping system brings the possibility provide permanent track record all suggested portfolio allocations and robo-advisor predictions. possible explore robo-advisor performance comparing expected actual returns and against our competitors. allowing community driven the auctus platform community driven platform. this means that eventually, anybody around the world will able create purchase tools and advice without any middlemen between. ultimately, our goal make the entire platform community driven. the characteristics the ethereum network, along with smart contracts allow truly decentralized and will ultimately empower retirement savers. being truly global believe that there are significant advantages having global community. not only will the community larger and thus more powerful size, but will enable take the best ideas and products from around the world. since the auctus platform will community driven and decentralized, will remain dynamic and adjust local customs, laws preferences. for example, what might popular germany, might not popular indonesia. the other hand, there might user from china interested service from the us. enabling decentralized market place part the auctus platform marketplace for retirement apps. apps that help users customize their retirement management dashboard, analyze data, well robo-advisory apps. instead having someone managing the marketplace, we'll have organized decentralized marketplace with smart contracts and automated payments according smart contract terms. fee transparency needless say that blockchain allows increase transparency. since fee transparency common issue the retirement plan industry, the auctus platform will offering full fee transparency. payment gateway the ethereum network allowing for efficient and global payment network. this will simplify global standardization and allow for truly global platform. trust trust another issue the retirement plan industry that auctus will solve utilizing the transparency, record keeping capability and immutability the blockchain. furthermore, having global community with various backgrounds and cultures, but common and global marketplace, smart contracts that can audited will increase trust into the platform and its processes. decentralization ownership, decision making and operational processes one the features the platform decentralized marketplace that sustained/supported the community. token holders using the platform will able evaluate/rank the services and products offered the marketplace, taking part the quality control process. the platform will also allow users post, comment and vote for new ideas, such new features included the development team new asset classes that should included the analytic tools. ultimately aspire even organize the operations transparent and decentralized way, from decision making accounting. auctus intends use aragon's platform (https://aragon.one/), similar solution, achieve this goal. tokenization assets tokenized digital versions traditional assets become more available, becoming easier manage traditional investments using the power blockchain technology and smart contracts. faster, more secure, easier and less costly trade and store tokens instead actual assets, which further advantage being blockchain and smart contract driven project. the auctus platform the auctus platform global smart contract-based retirement and goal-based saving platform with specialized portfolio management services for traditional equity and bond investments, well cryptocurrency investments. source: auctus platform the platform provides the user aggregated view all retirement savings, from government regulated ira/k plans, voluntary traditional retirement plans, well crypto wallets. only having this holistic view, well informed decisions and professional long-term strategy can established. initial phase (alpha version), all holdings will simply uploaded virtually. once all retirement savings have been uploaded the platform, the user will able run analytics and robo advisory the entirety the retirement savings. later stage, will also possible trade cryptocurrencies and tokenized assets straight from the auctus platform, enabling further features such automated rebalancing between cryptocurrency and traditional holdings. addition, the auctus platform has marketplace for retirement apps, which allows you customize your user experience. the auctus platform provides the following features: allows mix traditional and cryptocurrencies investments gives the user holistic overview all retirement savings allows run and consult analytics and robo-advisory the entirety retirement savings enables users make well informed decisions community run and can tailored individual needs with customized apps provides transparency and trust traditional assets and cryptocurrencies having mix traditional and cryptocurrency assets has multiple advantages ranging from risk/return aspects diversification. study run signal plot calculated the correlation between etfs vs. bitcoin. the study calculated correlation between bitcoin and other financial assets and +., which extremely low. source: signal plot this strong argument for including bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies with similar correlations, significant part portfolio risky assets. finding and adding uncorrelated asset portfolio can act powerful source diversification increasing the portfolio's sharpe ratio there are extremely few assets that are this uncorrelated with other assets and that makes bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies with these correlation characteristics extremely desirable from portfolio construction perspective. the auctus platform will retirement focused investment platform which will enable users construct portfolios consisting traditional and cryptocurrency assets. source: auctus platform holistic overview holistic portfolio construction all about approaching your investments all part whole, opposed viewing them separate. the holistic strategy treats the portfolio the sum all its parts, connecting each investment overall web risk and return. proper retirement goal-based saving, requires this holistic view and needs consider all factors. that's why the auctus platform will show users all their holdings straightforward and transparent user interface. even though this simple feature, traditional retirement saving often doesn't give this aggregate view, leaving the retirement saver with multiple portfolios and investment strategies that might even conflicting and not properly optimized source: auctus platform users will have the possibility virtually upload assets that are managed outside the auctus platform, such existing government pensions, ira plans. products the auctus platform consists two products that are accessed both via the same user interface. analytics advisory, well investment services. analytics advisory analytics advisory consists services such risk analysis, projections and risk/return metrics, well advice ranging from robo and human advisory services, well the apps and services marketplace. analytics once the user has added the totality savings the platform, suitable portfolio strategy can defined. users will get array tools analyze their portfolios, including stress testing (scenario projections), risk metrics, portfolio optimization, crisis hedging, and actuarial analysis. these tools will help users have full understanding their portfolios. projection tools will enable users get idea what expect based their chosen asset allocation and timeframe. believe this especially important nowadays retirement savers are often left alone and have idea what the long-term impact would they were change the composition their retirement portfolios. see appendix for more information the risk analytics mentioned above. source: auctus platform robo advisors robo-advisor online, automated portfolio management service that follows set rules choose appropriate investments based the users risk tolerance and time horizon. robo advisors can automatically select investments and build diversified portfolio. once the users funds are invested, the software automatically makes changes the investments align the portfolio back the chosen target allocation. source: auctus platform the auctus robo-advisor provides variety services, such peer analysis and recommendations based optimized risk adjusted asset allocations. users can even give permission the robo advisor automatically make trades that follow set rules, such tax optimization diversification adjustments. the user will able add further robo features via the auctus marketplace. human advisors besides robo advisory, users will able consult human advisors whenever they feel need for it. kmpg recently did survey robo-advisors find out how the ideal way offer such tools would be. participants were asked rank the attractiveness different features and capabilities: kpmg robo advising, the image above, the three most attractive features according the survey are illustrated: the first one was account aggregation followed auto investing and the ability consult human advisor when necessary. account aggregation was rated with the attractiveness scale more than percent participants. auctus will increase aggregation treating crypto and traditional investments one, allowing run robo advisory and analytics the combined portfolio (crypto/traditional). human advisory will also provided via the auctus marketplace, allowing members purchase services from human advisors paying with auc token. marketplace the auctus platform will feature marketplace with app store and services store. the services store will marketplace for human advisory. advisors will able offer their services and earn auc tokens return. retirement savers will have transparent and cost-efficient way get personalized advisory. users will able rate advisors, thus further increasing transparency. the auctus platform will open platform. the community will able create widgets, add-ons and other features and either offer them for free against auc token fee, either the form small purchase price, freemium model. users will therefore able get the customized experience they desire. investment services investment services consist all trading activities tokenized traditional and cryptocurrency assets, well related features. trading using the ethereum network possible create global contribution gateway which users are able contribute their voluntary retirement savings using eth any other tokenized currency. the contributions will need converted into the assets that compose each user's portfolios. the auctus platform will ultimately have seamless exchange mechanism using the open protocol https://xproject.com/) similar mechanism, trade between any kind token the ethereum network. hybrid approach can used the initial phase, connecting centralized exchange apis until the decentralized approach achieves good liquidity. tokenization traditional assets tokenization the process converting rights asset into digital token blockchain. currently, there are several projects (such latoken, latoken.com) that are working getting traditional assets tokenized. auctus aims facilitate trading traditional assets via tokenized assets. this has the advantage that all auctus transactions could tracked the blockchain, would facilitate trading and would most certainly bring significant cost advantages. automated portfolio rebalancing automated rebalancing allows users rebalance their portfolio automated way, based set predefined rules. this can rebalancing terms asset mix, for example order automatically convert cryptocurrencies fiat investments the cryptocurrency allocation surpasses certain percentage total holdings, rebalancing terms tax optimization. the rebalancing timeframe, well the set rules, are variable and can predefined the user. automated rebalancing enables the user maintain conservative retirement plan, while keeping healthy portion upside the overall portfolio, well taking tax considerations into account. recurring funding pursuing long-term saving goal, such retirement any other major financial target requires thorough planning. small changes can have major impacts the long-run. small difference return, slightly smaller contributions towards the savings plan can lead major differences the long run. facilitate and smoothen regular funding, auctus intends add feature automate regular payments. for fiat contributions, this can achieved via bank wire gateway, for cryptocurrencies payment request platform, such request network https://request.network could used. technology platform architecture overview our main architectural goal auctus build platform which able sustain high traffic global user base. therefore, the platform should able proper escalate heavy load moments and, thus, guarantee fluid and robust experience for our users api consumers. auctus development team, based previous experiences similar platforms and market best practices, carefully evaluated the best development practices combining cloud containerized computing, micro-services and the emerging ethereum network technologies. the overview this architecture depicted the diagram below: smart contracts the backend the auctus platform built upon the ethereum blockchain using smart contracts developed using the solidity programming language the main mechanism provide automation, transparency and result-oriented fee structure. the smart contract that defines the auc token compliant with the erc- and erc- standards. technical paper since technology changes rapidly, our paper will evolve over time. have, therefore, published more detailed technical description about the platform architecture and the use smart contracts separate document: auctus technical paper token model unite participants around the platform and assure the quality third-party tools and services provided, utility token was designed: the auc token. the token fuels the platform and helps create balanced ecosystem. the auctus platform will have built-in goal-based tools and robo advisors, but will also serve marketplace for third-party financial advisory services, allowing users get tailored recommendations (how much invest and asset allocation) from human and robo advisors. the fundamental role the auc token provide result-oriented, transparent and low fee structure, aligning the interest human and robo advisors with savers' goals and ensuring transparency. addition being platform currency, which enables efficient and frictionless transactions between participants, the auc token will also used help preventing users from paying advance for bad services advice. cases where the nature the service tool purchased involves portfolio suggestions and predictions (of returns and risk), the transfer tokens between the user and the provider can bound the results. the user initially transfers the corresponding amount auc tokens platform smart contract where will held escrow. receives portfolio recommendation (with asset distribution according his profile desired returns and tolerated risk) and all the parameters are recorded the ethereum blockchain using the platform smart contracts. the auc held escrow exchange for particular recommendation can gradually released transferred the human advisor developer the returns meet the predictions, well the fluctuations (volatility) not exceed tolerated levels risk. the parameters such vesting period and tolerance will auditable prior the purchase the service tool. users can redeem the tokens case bad advice. compare the recorded predictions with the real results, trusted oracles can used record data the platform smart contracts using, for instance, the oraclize approach this user flow illustrated the following diagram. source: auctus token model illustration the platform will exclusively accessible through the auc token, which integral part the auctus platform. users holding higher amount auc tokens escrow can have access additional and/or premium features and lower annual fees for built-in features. however, auc token cannot used for investing the assets through the platform, nor can exchanged for (converted into) such instruments the future. any portfolio investments shall done through other means e.g. fiat money, cryptocurrencies. oraclize blog understanding oracles, who should use auc tokens retirement savers everyone interested getting access goal based savings platform with built-in analytic tools and robo advisors will need auc tokens held escrow create portfolios, use planning tools, hire services from the marketplace and pay low annual fees. users will able create custom portfolios with automated rebalancing assets and mix traditional assets and cryptocurrencies. financial advisors listed the human advisory marketplace, users will also need hold auc escrow. tokens are locked collateral enforce good behavior (advisors can penalized for not completing/providing service for any kind malicious behavior). customers the marketplace can choose advisors according their ranking position, price and service description. services are paid using auc tokens through smart contracts, and customers that used the services can evaluate the advisors. developers the first version the platform will have built-in robo advisory and risk analysis tools developed the auctus team and its partners. shortly after, will possible offer third party plugins/add-ons developed community members holding auc token escrow. these will offered second marketplace, retirement app marketplace, intended decentralize the development and maintenance risk analysis tools, robo advisors, notification and alert plugins and any other kind enhancement tool for retirement savers track their portfolio, optimize their results get better projection. legal status auc token auc token functional utility token designed specifically for the auctus platform. auc token not security and not recommend buying auc tokens for speculative, investment purposes. you should buy auc tokens participate the auctus platform. auc token not grant the right receive any profits, income, payments, returns, dividends from auctus project inc, any entity from its group companies, nor intended digital currency, security, commodity, bond, debt instrument any kind financial instrument investment carrying equivalent rights. accordingly, any protections offered the law respect the purchase, holding, sale the instruments and investments referred above shall not apply your purchase, holding, sale auc tokens. auc tokens are sold software product under the laws british virgin islands. not recommend purchasing auc tokens, unless you have prior experience with cryptographic tokens and blockchain-based software. once you purchase auc tokens, they cannot refunded. u.s. and singapore persons, residents, green card holders, same citizens and residents kuwait and people's republic china are not allowed participate auc token sales, purchase auc tokens, auc tokens may not purchased for, behalf any such person. the term "u.s. and singapore persons" refer any person entity resident the u.s.a. and singapore, including those citizens that live abroad. necessary, auctus may reimburse any u.s. and singapore persons who bought auc tokens. the liability the user ensure that the funds used purchase auc token were not derived from, invested for the benefit of, related any way the governments of, any persons within, any country under u.s. embargo enforced ofac, any persons who are named the list specially designated nationals and blocked persons maintained ofac, restrictive measures (sanctions) list, any other similar list maintained ofac, counsel, commission pursuant any authorizing statute, executive order, regulation. market strategy auctus aims penetrate the market first mover. auctus innovative global retirement plan platform, well leading blockchain and ethereum smart contract based retirement plan provider. following fast market entry, the ultimate goal capture substantial market share the usd trillion global retirement industry. our market strategy follows multi pillar approach. initially, intend target private retirement investments and individual retirement plans. this allows fast market entry global scale with relatively low regulatory hurdles. second phase, plan enter employer-sponsored retirement plans. this second phase requires local adaptation and will face lot regulatory constraints. our first phase designed create global movement, which should facilitate the launch phase two. level early adopter platform the initial level targeted early adopters: users with interest fintech and cryptocurrency. this initial solution will enable users create retirement portfolios with mix cryptocurrencies and traditional assets. subsequently, users will able run analytics and get consulted robo advisory, assuring maximum transparency. simplify and accelerate global market rollout, the first level will feature virtual upload assets. thus funds won't stored the auctus platform itself. will possible virtually upload existing traditional retirement plans, savings portfolios, well existing cryptocurrency positions and subsequently consult robo advisory and analytics level cryptocurrencies level will have all features level but the platform will holding cryptocurrency investments. having control over the asset allocation will unlock new features such automated rebalancing. level crypto and traditional assets level will have all features level and with the addition traditional investments. access traditional investments will granted giving access traditional portfolios, either collaborating with third-party creating the portfolios itself. combining cryptocurrencies and traditional assets will allow the user for example keep the crypto allocation maximum automated way. level individual retirement plans level will the entry into regulated retirement plans. plan first enter the individual retirement plans market, this relatively lightly regulated. despite the likelihood that regulators not allow cryptocurrency asset class retirement plans, will able provide portfolios mixing traditional assets with cryptocurrencies. from operational point view, will create two portfolios. traditional portfolio, line with prevailing laws and regulations, well cryptocurrency portfolio that will entirely private and non-regulated. however, our robo advisory and analytic tools will treating the regulated and crypto assets with the same holistic overview described previously. this will allow the user simulate and analyze the optimal mix cryptocurrencies and traditional assets. the case tax-exempt defined contribution plans, this also allows the user secure the maximum feasible amount tax deductibility. team advisory board advisory board martijn van eck holland fintech martijn van eck pensiontech lead holland fintech, the globally connected fintech marketplacek. pensiontech start-up trainer, mentor and coach. martijn's entrepreneurial track record, pension tech experience and passion bring the pension and fintech industry together, are key qualities that will help auctus reach its full potential. philippe castonguay project philippe well connected advisor within the development community cryptocurrencies. bringing along experience relationship manager for developers project very familiar with collaborations between cryptocurrency projects, well network effects. philippe studied statistics the university montreal. auctus, philippe advising development related topics, such integration other protocols into the auctus platform, collaboration with other cryptocurrency projects, well best practice implementations. steven clark horizon investments steven associate professor finance unc charlotte where conducts research the areas mathematical finance, derivative securities, asset pricing, and financial econometrics. steven has ph.d. mathematical sciences and ph.d. applied economics, both from clemson university. has been published numerous scholarly journals including review derivatives research, review futures markets, journal risk and insurance, and journal asset management. eric paley nixon peabody eric paley partner and member the employee benefits team nixon peabody llp, global law firm, with more than attorneys collaborating across major practice areas the u.s., europe and asia. will assist legal compliance, implementation feedback, well further establish our footprint within the pension industry. adam greetis seyfarth shaw adam partner seyfarth shaw llp, international law firm with more than attorneys the u.s., london, shanghai, hong kong, melbourne and sydney. has considerable experience advising organizations the legal issues that arise establishing, sponsoring, and maintaining qualified retirement plans. has counseled employers most aspects erisa and internal revenue code compliance and through department labor and internal revenue service audits and plan correction programs. core team raphael vantroost ceo raphael brings along years financial services experience. has successfully held various strategy and m&a positions ubs investment bank zurich, deutsche bank london and noor advisors geneva and dubai. founded swissline real estate and holds portfolio more than units, including serviced apartments business with more than units. raphael studied economics basel and yale university and holds executive mba from insead. fluent languages. auctus, raphael responsible for general management tasks, such day-to-day management decisions, well implementing auctus' long and short-term plans. daniel duarte cto daniel brings along more than years senior software engineering experience, having led multiple projects dti digital, promoting blockchain technology and leading various blockchain initiatives. holds bsc control and automation engineering and has further certifications machine learning and salesforce development management. daniel chief technology officer auctus and overseeing the technical development. working closely with the development team and bridging between technical development and general management. vinicius melo head strategy vinicius brings along retirement fund experience, having worked one brazil's main pension fund companies (funpresp-jud). certified professional the certification institute social security professionals (icss), mandatory for executive, supervisory and governing board members, well for investment committee members and other pension fund employees directly responsible for investing benefit plans' guaranteeing resources. auctus, vinicius responsible for all strategy related tasks, such token economics, token sale related strategies, well corporate strategy related questions. ludmila lopes head marketing ludmila brings more than years software engineering experience, well time working director for university enterprise, where she oversaw the marketing team. she holds bsc software engineering. auctus, ludmila responsible develop and regularly update the community. her deep understanding software, combined with her interest marketing and community management, allow her effectively spread auctus' values. daniel boaventura, head operations daniel brings along international experience working manager and supply chain management expert with years supply chain experience working for esab. holds bsc mechanical engineering and cba certification supply chain. auctus, daniel leveraging his experience supply chain, overseeing the operations. coordinating and guaranteeing timely execution the platform, making sure our timeline met. furthermore, also coordinating bounty campaigns and other operational initiatives. felipe silveira, project manager felipe has more than years software development experience. brings along more than years experience operations manager and partner dti digital. felipe grew dti digital with other partners within years, from small team nationwide consulting and development enterprise with more than employees. prior dti digital, felipe was software developer accenture, responsible for larger team developers. holds bsc engineering and postgraduate degree interaction design. auctus, felipe responsible coordinate the development the auctus platform and bridging between general management and development. thiago araujo, senior software engineer thiago brings along years experience with dti digital senior software engineer. prior joining auctus, led numerous large scale software and automation projects with focus risk management and cyber security. holds bsc engineering, automation and robotics. auctus, thiago plays key role the development team. focuses making the auctus platform stable and secure, minimizing risks such hacking, blockchain overload, server overload and wrong transactions. guilherme gusman, senior software engineer guilherme has more than years software development experience. brings along experience co-founder and cto lg. started his career software engineer dti digital and went founding livobooks. with his current partner lg, guilherme started another business called 'vg residuos', waste management software that reduces environmental impact, lowers the risk sanctioned and ultimately saves costs. guilherme holds bsc engineering. auctus, was chosen the brain behind our platform, ensuring that our users have smooth experience managing their funds. ariny guedes, lead ethereum engineer ariny brings more than years experience senior software engineer dti digital. expert c#, java, c++ and ethereum blockchain. holds bsc control and automation engineering. auctus, ariny our most productive developer and can virtually program anything. responsible for defining the structure the ethereum blockchain layer the platform. daniel vitorino, senior software architect daniel has more than years experience software engineering, working senior software engineer dti digital and tech leader itau the largest bank latin america. experienced full-stack developer, his know-how extends from database modeling and tuning, find mobile/web layout adjustments. holds bsc control and automation engineering. auctus daniel responsible for designing and developing our platform. makes sure we're adopting the best development practices lean and efficient way. mariana azzi, ux/ui designer mariana brings along more than years experience ux/ui designer dti digital. she holds bsc graphic design. auctus she responsible for ultimately enhancing user experience our platform and working closely with the developing team. samir taiar, brand interaction designer with over years experience, samir the cofounder onrizon, online games studio responsible for developing gartic, draw and guess mobile game. with almost followers behance. auctus, our illustrator and photoshop wizard, responsible for the design the website and amazing illustrations. his design helps communicate our values and business model our stakeholders. roadmap first whitepaper drafts launch auctus pre-sale demo release business advisory board strategic partnerships company incorporation alpha release launch main token sale alpha promotion (feedback adjustments) development beta platform partnership with exchanges beta release (analytics advisory) ceres release (cryptocurrency assets) phoebus release (tokenized assets) traditional asset management licenses minerva release jupiter release development milestones auctus will develop series releases with increasing complexity and features. the purpose the development strategy positioned the first mover the blockchain retirement plan market, well keeping maximum upside evolve fully integrated platform. auctus demo the first development milestone for auctus was the release the demo platform https://demo.auctus.org/) which was released nov the demo was created illustrate the emulation retirement plan constraints, for example (k) plans, into smart contracts using the ethereum network. the demo was developed c#, using the .net core cross-platform and open-source framework. the idea was create friendly user interface using the mvc pattern simulate retirement plan where the backend code dynamically generates and deploys smart contracts the ethereum test network rinkeby. the processor power was divided into servers: one for the web layer the application and the other for running ethereum nodes. the communication between the servers made through shared database. the client communicates with the front web server nodes, that save client's data the database. geth node servers subsequently receive this data, publish the smart contracts and generate rinkeby network transactions. after that, both servers initiate polling process monitor contracts/transaction creation and update client data. the demo, the user able input the constraints the simulated employer-sponsored retirement plan (employer match rate and ceiling, well vesting period) and define static asset allocation for the plan. certain assumptions and simplifications were made, such historical data simulate portfolio returns and the static allocation used. source: auctus demo afterwards, smart contract generated using template where the chosen parameters are replaced the code and the contract deployed the ethereum testnet (users are able track contract creation and transactions using https://rinkeby.etherscan.io/ source: auctus demo the final step the demo the user dashboard, where possible simulate contributions (all deposits are represented ethereum transactions the testnet) and track portfolio performance total five years. source: auctus demo the result shown chart that updated every time transaction confirmed the testnet. the links all transactions are shown table and possible track them etherscan. source: auctus demo any moment, possible end the simulation withdrawing the funds (also recorded ethereum testnet) and the amount the user will get respects the vesting rules and the period simulated. source: auctus demo auctus alpha the next development milestone the release alpha version the platform. the alpha will illustrate the portfolio recommendation features the full platform, well the human advisory marketplace. users will able set their goals and get portfolio recommendation with expected returns. they will also able register themselves advisors and make projections for different portfolios. those recommendations will offered public marketplace. some the architectural aspects used the demo and the lessons learned are useful for the alpha, but the same time lot being improved. the transition from the alpha the full platform will include adjustments based alpha testing and feedback from the community. development the automated investment product parallel with releasing the alpha platform, the development team planning the inclusion investment features, such asset management, automated portfolio rebalancing and exchange execution. the idea treat the two core groups functionalities the platform separate products that will later combined give the users the full experience. the first group consists analytics, robo and human advisory marketplace and the tools and dashboard track performance. the second group consists asset management, automated investments, recurring funding and exchange between tokenized assets. the third milestone start the development the features the second group functionalities, which will guided the definitions made together with the business development team, such applying for licenses, partnering with providers tokenized traditional assets, integrating with decentralized exchange protocol protocol and https://xproject.com/ integrating with other platforms that might provide functionalities that are out the scope auctus platform. blockchain and token integration after thoroughly testing the alpha and gaining feedback from the community and advisors, the next milestone integrate the auc token with the platform and deploy the ethereum network. auctus beta the beta platform will consist all alpha features, including improvements and adjustments made during the testing period, plus the robo advisory marketplace, additional built-in tools, all integrated with smart contracts and using the auc token the only payment mechanism. the auctus beta will released ethereum mainnet. the trading and asset management features will gradually added later releases and updates. token sale allocation auctus conducted token sale between march and april the intention was conduct the token sale best practice approach, according the following principles: offloading ethers have seen many other companies exchanging ethers (eth) for fiat currencies right after the token sale, thus placing downwards pressure eth's price. believe that the strength the ethereum network and community integral part our success. view eth offloading unhealthy for the market and also economically disadvantageous for our project. therefore keep our funds large extend eth and only exchange conventional currency whenever expenses need made. guarantee this, our raised ethers are locked smart contract and vested follows: raised eth after token sale raised eth per month vested auc token for team members the entire auctus team has vested auc token incentivize fundamental long-term success. auctus has long-term vision and wants significantly grow the community over the years. guarantee this, team members have vested auc tokens make sure there strong incentive reach milestones and achieve long lasting success. auc tokens for auctus team members are vested follows: -year vesting period month cliff this means auctus team members aren't able transfer auc token immediately after the token sale. token sale summary token sale conducted between march and april total eth raised total ,,. auc distributed token supply (as may total supply: ,,. auc circulating supply: ,,. token allocation note: april close token sale, public contributor tokens were burned, reducing the original total supply from ,,. auc. the following allocations are still being displayed pre-burning values. public contributors (%) all tokens will made available the community. the intention create diverse and strong community with the maximum amount long-term supporters, ideally with interest using the auctus platform. tokens will immediately transferable after close token sale. auctus core team (%) auc supply will allocated auctus' core team (founders, early backers and the development team) for long-term alignment interests. vesting: year vesting with month cliff. this means tokens will not immediately transferable. reserve for future stakeholders (%) allow for possible capital raises the future, tokens will reserved for future stakeholders. this stakeholder reserve will locked via smart contract for months. will only used there need, opportunity, accelerate the growth the company. this reserve can used for strategic partnerships, encourage the adoption the auctus platform and the provision capital case excessive devaluation eth. deemed unnecessary, these tokens will burned. partnerships and advisory (%) tokens are allocated for partners and advisors. vesting: tokens with month vesting and month cliff. tokens will immediately transferable after the close token sale. bounties (%) max tokens are allocated for bounty campaigns help spread the word about auctus: bitcointalk signatures, bitcointalk translation, facebook, twitter, blog articles, media publication, thread support, etc. use proceeds product development (%) the main use funds will release the auctus platform. the minimum cap reached, the development will continue with current team size and current offices. the allocated for product development includes: software licenses and server expenses; design (ui ux); office expenses; salaries; security audits technical due diligence. the case where more than the minimum reached, auctus will able expand the development and design teams and move ahead faster. business development (%) there big challenge ahead get where want be, have the intention expanding the mvp the full platform with asset management and automated investments. will use the funds raised for this. the business development costs include: hiring specialized law firms help with regulatory and licensing frameworks for the investment platform and entering retirement markets; educate users the use the platform; secure strategic partnerships with other companies and projects, both traditional and blockchain; onboard more business advisors, new clients, sales staff; travel expenses attend conferences and events. communication and marketing (%) will have partners and run marketing campaigns increase platform adoption and project awareness. the allocation funds raised for this includes: building local communities (marketing campaigns different languages aiming different markets); keep the social networks and communication channels updated and well managed; produce videos; regular press releases with project updates. other expenses (%) estimate that other costs that are not directly related development, business marketing will consist the total. those expenses include administrative and operational costs, human resources consultancy for expanding the team, small reserve for unforeseen events and other services (calls, printing, ubers, etc). marketing strategy auctus plans the first mover the retirement cryptocurrency robo-advisory space. this allows run tailored marketing strategy that based three pillars: targeting innovators and influencers are initially targeting tech-savvy consumers with lower barriers entry. employees other cryptocurrency projects, that seek have innovative retirement solution will our initial target clients. innovators, the alpha-dog influencers, take pride being the first know about, try and/or have something before everyone else. will target this client segment working with targeted social media articles, but without banners. quality marketing and getting referrals from influencers will the center our marketing strategy. fintech and retirement plan events we're innovative product, can relatively easily get featured retirement and fintech magazines/websites. increase chances publication, plan take part major fintech events well retirement plan conferences. social media third pillar our marketing strategy, intend launch targeted social media campaigns, aimed the cryptocurrency community. mix information, education and gamification our platform should get the necessary intention and traction. disclaimers and risks this whitepaper sets forth the description the planned auctus platform and the use auc tokens, which being provided for informational purposes only. this whitepaper not binding legal agreement document similar nature. auc token sale shall governed separate legal agreement "terms auc token sale", available auctus' website. the event conflict between terms auc token sale and this whitepaper, the terms auc token sale shall govern. this whitepaper does not constitute advice nor recommendation auctus, its directors, officers, managers, employees, agents, advisors consultants, any other person any reader this whitepaper the participation the token sale. participation the token sale carries substantial risk and may involve special risks that could lead loss all substantial portion contribution. you are any doubt the action you should take, you should consult your legal, financial, tax other professional advisor and immediately navigate away from auctus' website; not contribute the auc token sale this case. potential use the date this whitepaper publication, auc token has known potential uses outside the auctus platform and not permitted sold otherwise traded third-party exchanges. risk loss not participate the token sale unless you are prepared lose the entire amount you contributed for purchasing auc tokens. auc tokens should not acquired for speculative investment purposes with the expectation making profit immediate resale. promises future performance value are will made with respect auc tokens, including promise continuing payments, promise inherent value and guarantee that auc tokens will hold any particular value. unless prospective participants fully understand and accept the nature auctus platform and the potential risks inherent auc tokens, they should not participate the token sale. third party data this whitepaper includes references third party data and industry publications. auctus believes that this industry data accurate and that its estimates and assumptions are reasonable; however, there are assurances the accuracy completeness this data. although the data are believed reliable, auctus has not independently verified any the data from third party sources referred this whitepaper ascertained the underlying assumptions relied upon such sources. legal uncertainty auctus the process undertaking legal and regulatory analysis the functionality auc tokens. following the conclusion this analysis, auctus may decide amend the intended functionality auc tokens order ensure compliance with any legal regulatory requirements which subject. the event that auctus decides amend the intended functionality auc tokens, auctus will update the relevant contents this whitepaper and upload the latest version this its website auctus.org. auc tokens could impacted regulatory action, including potential restrictions the ownership, use, possession such tokens, which may demand that the structure application auc tokens altered, all part. auctus may revise mechanics comply with regulatory requirements. nevertheless, auctus believes that has taken all commercially reasonable steps ensure that its planned mechanics are proper and compliance with currently considered regulations. auctus' intended activities are subject various laws and regulations the countries where operates intends operate. auctus might obliged obtain different licenses other permissive documents each jurisdiction where intends operate its business, therefore, auctus' business such jurisdictions shall always subject obtaining such licenses permissive documents, directed applicable laws. there risk that certain activities may deemed violation any such law regulation. penalties for any such potential violation would unknown. additionally, changes applicable laws regulations evolving interpretations existing law could, certain circumstances, result increased compliance costs capital expenditures, which could affect auctus' ability carry the business model and the auc tokens model proposed this whitepaper. forward looking statements this whitepaper, content auctus' website, press releases, public statements etc. may contain forward looking statements, i.e. statements related future events. forward looking statements often address the expected future business and financial performance auctus, the performance and effectiveness auctus platform, often contain words such "expect", "intend", "plan", "believe", "will", "would", "ultimately". all statements regarding auctus' financial position, business strategies, plans, future functionality the auctus platform and prospects and the future prospects the industry which auctus in, are forward-looking statements. such forward looking statements their nature address matters that are, different degrees, uncertain. auctus undertakes obligation update any forward-looking statement reflect events circumstances after the date this whitepaper. auctus cannot guarantee that any forward looking statements made expected results operation auctus platform will correlate with the actual future facts results. you must understand that auctus platform may not have all the expected functionality. auctus does not take any responsibility regards the functional capabilities auctus platform, which provided "as is". risk theft auctus will make every effort ensure that the funds received from the token sale are securely stored and held. notwithstanding the aforesaid, there assurance that there will theft the cryptocurrencies result hacks, sophisticated cyber-attacks, distributed denials service errors, vulnerabilities defects the auctus' website, the smart contract(s) which the escrow wallet and the token sale rely, the ethereum any other blockchain, otherwise. such events may include, for example, flaws programming source code leading exploitation abuse thereof. such event, even the token sale completed, auctus may not able receive the cryptocurrencies raised and\or use such funds for the development the auctus platform. such case, the development and launch the auctus platform might temporarily permanently curtailed. such, distributed auc tokens may hold little worth value. technological risks open-source development comes with risks related hacking and cyber attacks that can cause negative impact. mitigate that risks the team will allocating resources auditions and security tests, ensure the platform's safety. also blockchain development relatively new and there will challenge requiring human resources with this specific knowledge. addition, auctus plans have fully system-controlled marketplace there risk that robo advisor platform can't adapt increasing business volumes and changes. mitigate this plan allocate resources server scaling and have infra support. business risks having technology-based platform might reduce the amount clients auctus can reach. some investors are still reluctant trusting your portfolio's investment robo advisor than human expert. mitigate that risk are also implementing the possibility human experts developing portfolio suggestions the platform. another risk involved regarding investment's goal and investor's risk. since those parameters are inside the platform that can misunderstanding assets allocations according the investor's real needs. risks related the functioning auctus platform the auctus platform shall operated another entity from auctus' group companies, and any events circumstances which adversely affect any its successor operating entities may have corresponding adverse effect the auctus platform. such adverse effects would correspondingly have impact auc tokens. auctus platform may experience system failures, unplanned interruptions its network services, hardware software defects, security breaches other causes that could adversely affect the auctus platform. warranty auctus does not make, purport make, and hereby disclaims, any representation, warranty undertaking any form whatsoever any entity person, including any representation, warranty undertaking relation the truth, accuracy, and completeness any the information set out this whitepaper. unanticipated risks arising from the auc tokens cryptographic tokens such the auc token are relatively new and dynamic technology. addition the risks included the above, there are other risks associated with your purchase, holding and use auc tokens, including those that auctus cannot anticipate. such risks may further appear unanticipated variations combinations the risks discussed above. conclusion the auctus team has the mission providing high quality products and services globally, using trustless marketplaces powered smart contracts and blockchain technology. our ambition empower retirement savers, giving them control over their savings through transparent and efficient platform with all the analytic tools and robo advisory they need. intend create community that helps itself grow, bringing customers, developers and service providers together balanced ecosystem where everyone has the incentive play their roles and help each other. the token sale process described this document intended allow wide range individuals and entities part our long-term mission and make the project financially viable, helping grow sustainably and achieve our development, regulation and market penetration goals. would like express our very great appreciation everyone that has been supporting our project through feedback, advice, criticism, compliments and technical support. would like especially thank the ethereum community for laying the groundwork, paving the way for this project. appendix historical context first retirement plans the history retirement plans goes far back ancient rome ad), where soldiers were guaranteed income after they retired. the first pension funds were recorded the century germany. for example, duke ernest the pious gotha founded widows' fund for clergy, and another for teachers subsequently, various schemes provision for ministers' widows were established throughout europe around the start the eighteenth century. some were based single premium, others based yearly premiums distributed benefits the same year. first pension plan europe the first national pension plan was enacted the prussian chancellor otto von bismarck. pension payments started the age decreased although notoriously named 'iron chancellor', bismarck also introduced individual basic income insurance for the elderly, injured and ill england, the first 'old age' state pension was introduced the netherlands, the dutch civil servants pension fund (abp), now among the five largest pensions funds the world, was founded first pension plan the the us, public pensions got their start with various 'promises', some informal and some legislated, made veterans the revolutionary war and, more extensively, the civil war (). the first corporate pension the u.s. was established the american express company the plan applied workers who had been with the company for years service, and had reached age nearly million americans about percent the private sector workforce had pension. ten years later about half the private sector workforce had one. defined benefit plans after few pension plans began fail, the government-enacted employee retirement income security act (erisa) made pension plans more secure establishing legal participation, accountability and disclosure requirements. with erisa came the pension benefit guaranty corporation which insures employee benefits should pension plan fail. this type guaranteed pension came known defined benefits plan. workers knew exactly how much they would get retirement, because was defined dollar amount percentage salary. defined contribution plans the so-called (k) retirement plan was introduced the us. the (k) well-known example 'defined contribution plan'. defined contribution plans, the employee bears the risk attached his her retirement benefits. return, the employee has more control over his her retirement investments than the case defined benefit plan. other examples defined contribution plans are (b) plans, plans and thrift savings plans. pension funds changing world after world war ii, state pension schemes became more widespread. simultaneously, corporate pension funds gained prominence. liberalization financial markets and privatization pension schemes the and brought the sector more prominent role money markets and capital markets. following the credit crisis, volatile financial markets and increasing regulation force retirement plans rethink their future. simultaneously, increasing mobility, individualization and technological change confront retirement plans with new challenges. appendix analytics projection tools this section provides information the risk analytics that will available the auctus platform. stress testing (scenario projections) users can view the estimated performance their portfolios, and the assets their portfolio, under various macro-economic scenarios and over any time range. users wished, robo-advising algorithms will proactively run scenarios for users and alert them possibly important results. scenarios can consist various components. they can contain shocks assets macro-economic indicators. for example, inflation could shocked positively, thus creating "high inflation scenario", allowing the user see how high inflation would affect his portfolio's performance. scenarios can also specify hypothetical trajectories for macro-economic indicators. for example, scenario could specify that the oil price goes dollars the coming year. again, the estimated effect this development the user's portfolio would instantly available. the third component macro-economic scenarios are various kinds economic behavior. for example, the federal reserve bank can explicitly modelled central bank controlling the interest rate based its monetary policy. including such explicit behavioral modelling scenario projections, they become less reliant "black box" statistical projections, more realistic, and better able present users with the actual risks that their portfolios face. the scenario generator used auctus unique its ability combine advanced statistical modelling with economic behavior. the scenarios available users the auctus platform can combine shocks, hypothetical trajectories and economic behavior arbitrary ways. predefined scenarios will available users who want quickly stress-test their portfolios. advanced users can also change predefined scenarios, build new scenarios their own. users will have the ability share scenarios they have created the platform. scenarios can calculated over any time range. some users may interested the near-term effects certain shocks, say the next months. others may select much longer horizon, say years, see how scenario affects the value their portfolio they get closer actual retirement. risk metrics the following risk metrics will available for users' portfolios. all metrics are available based historical data (backward looking) scenarios (forward looking): risk return: portfolio return and its volatility. the full probability distribution returns available for advanced users. value-at-risk: the portfolio return such that only certain, low percentage cases compounded return will lower. expected shortfall: the expected portfolio return certain, low percentage worst cases. maximum drawdown: the maximum decline portfolio return. impact risk-return profile: comparison portfolio's risk and return with fixed, e.g. historical, risk-return profile. for example, the risk and/or return user's portfolio significantly worsens, the user can alerted she able make changes. portfolio calculator: simulation portfolio's value given intended monthly yearly deposits withdrawals. portfolio optimization users will able optimize their portfolios' asset weights under various well-known measures. these include the sharpe ratio, information ratio, sortino ratio and optimization can done based historical data scenarios. advanced users have access the full efficient frontier, giving risk-minimizing portfolios desired portfolio returns. users are able add asset weight restrictions the optimization. for example, they can specify that certain cryptocurrency's weight should between and the portfolio. also, users can construct subportfolios. user may for example have "cryptocurrency subportfolio", next subportfolio traditional assets. the optimization, the weights the subportfolios might changed, but their internal compositions remain fixed. user may also interested only partial optimization his her portfolio. for example, the user may consider selling traditional asset and buying cryptocurrency, but keeping the rest the portfolio unchanged. such "bilateral optimization" will possible. moreover, the user will presented with the best possible alternatives for asset she considering selling. these alternatives will taken from large international dataset covering all major investment assets. crisis hedging users may specifically interested protecting their portfolios' performance under adverse economic circumstances. order this, they are offered list the best crisis-hedging assets tailored their portfolios. adding one more these assets their portfolios provides diversification risk when needed the most.