augur: decentralized oracle and prediction market platform (v.) jack peterson, joseph krug, micah zoltu, austin williams, and stephanie alexander forecast foundation (dated: november augur trustless, decentralized oracle and platform for prediction markets. the outcomes augur's prediction markets are chosen users that hold augur's native reputation token, who stake their tokens the actual observed outcome and, return, receive settlement fees from the markets. augur's incentive structure designed ensure that honest, accurate reporting outcomes always the most profitable option for reputation token holders. token holders can post progressively-larger reputation bonds dispute proposed market outcomes. the size these bonds reaches certain threshold, reputation splits into multiple versions, one for each possible outcome the disputed market; token holders must then exchange their reputation tokens for one these versions. versions reputation which not correspond the real-world outcome will become worthless, one will participate prediction markets unless they are confident that the markets will resolve correctly. therefore, token holders will select the only version reputation which they know will continue have value: the version that corresponds reality. augur trustless, decentralized oracle and prediction market platform. prediction market, individuals can speculate the outcomes future events; those who forecast the outcome correctly win money, and those who forecast incorrectly lose money [-]. the price prediction market can serve precise and well-calibrated indicator how likely event occur [-]. using augur, people will have the ability trade prediction markets very low cost. the only significant expenses participants assume compensation market creators and users that report the outcomes markets once the event has taken place. the result prediction market where trust requirements, friction, and fees will low competitive market forces can drive them. historically, prediction markets have been centralized. the simplest way aggregate trades prediction market for trustworthy entity maintain ledger; similarly, the simplest way determine the outcome event and distribute payouts traders for impartial, trusted judge determine the outcomes the markets. however, centralized prediction markets have many risks and limitations: they not allow global participation, they limit what types markets can created traded, and they require traders trust the market operator not steal funds and resolve markets correctly. augur aims resolve markets fully decentralized way. decentralized, trustless networks, such bitcoin[] and ethereum[], eliminate the risk that self-interest will turn into corruption theft. the only role the augur developers publish smart contracts the ethereum network. the augur contracts are totally automated: the developers not have the ability spend funds that are held escrow on-contract, not control how markets resolve, not approve reject trades other transactions the network, cannot undo trades, cannot modify cancel orders, etc. the augur oracle allows information migrated from the real world blockchain without relying trusted intermediary. augur will the world's first decentralized oracle. how augur works augur markets follow four-stage progression: creation, trading, reporting, and settlement. anyone can create market based any real-world event. trading begins immediately after market creation, and all users are free trade any market. after the event which the market based has occurred, the outcome the event determined augur's oracle. once the outcome determined, traders can close out their positions and collect their payouts. augur has native token, reputation (rep) rep needed market creators and reporters when they report the outcome markets created the augur platform. reporters report market staking their rep one the market's possible outcomes. doing this, the reporter declares that the outcome which the stake was placed matches the real-world outcome the market's underlying event. the consensus market's reporters considered the "truth" for the purpose determining the market's outcome. reporter's report market's outcome does not match the consensus reached the other reporters, augur redistributes the rep staked the non-consensus outcome this reporter the reporters that reported with the consensus. owning rep, and participating the accurate reporting the outcomes events, token holders are entitled portion the fees the platform. each staked rep token entitles its holder equal portion augur's market fees. the more rep reporter owns, and reports correctly with, the more fees they will earn for their work keeping the platform secure. although rep plays central role augur's operations, not used trade augur's markets. traders will never need own use rep, they are not required participate the reporting process. rep erc token the ethereum network. figure simplified outline the lifetime prediction market. market creation augur allows anyone create market about any upcoming event. the market creator sets the event end time and chooses designated reporter report the outcome the event. the designated reporter does not unilaterally decide the outcome the market; the community always has opportunity dispute and correct the designated reporter's report. next, the market creator chooses resolution source that reporters should use determine the outcome. the resolution source may simply "common knowledge", may specific source, such "the united states department energy", bbc.com, the address particular api endpoint. they also set creator fee, which the fee paid the market creator traders who settle with the market contract (see section for details fees). finally, the market creator posts two bonds: the validity bond, and the creator bond. the validity bond paid dai and returned the market creator the market resolves any outcome other than invalid. the validity bond incentivizes market creators create markets based well-defined events with objective, unambiguous outcomes. the size the validity bond set dynamically, based the proportion invalid outcomes recent markets. the creator bond, paid rep, returned the market creator and only the market's designated reporter actually reports during the first hours after the market's event end time and the market ends resolving the same outcome that the designated reporter reported. the designated reporter does not submit their report during the allotted -day window, then the market creator forfeits the no-show bond and given the first public reporter who reports the market (see section this incentivizes the market creator choose reliable designated reporter who will report truthfully which should help markets resolve quickly. for example, market "the high temperature (in degrees fahrenheit) april the san francisco international airport, reported weather underground" specifies resolution source https://www.wunderground.com/history/airport/ksfo//// dailyhistory.html, reporters would simply that url and enter the high temperature displayed there their report. invalid market market determined invalid reporters because none the outcomes listed the market creator correct, because the market wording ambiguous subjective; see section iii for discussion. see appendix for details. the event that the designated reporter fails report, the creator bond given the first public reporter the form stake their reported outcome, that the first public reporter receives the creator bond and only they report correctly. with the validity bond, the creator bond adjusted dynamically based the proportion designated reporters who failed report time during the previous fee window and the proportion markets that resolve some outcome other than the one reported the designated reporter. the market creator creates the market and posts all required bonds via single ethereum transaction. once the transaction confirmed, the market live and trading begins. trading market participants forecast the outcomes events trading shares those market outcomes. complete set shares collection shares that consists one share each possible valid outcome the event []. complete sets are created augur's on-contract matching engine needed complete trades for example, consider market that has two possible outcomes, and alice willing pay dai for share and bob willing pay dai for share first, augur matches these orders and collects total dai from alice and bob. then augur creates complete set shares, giving alice the share and bob the share this how shares outcomes come into existence. once the shares are created, they can traded freely. the augur trading contracts maintain order book for every market created the platform. anybody can create new order fill existing order any time. orders are filled automated matching engine that exists within augur's smart contracts. requests buy sell shares are fulfilled immediately there matching order already the order book. may filled buying shares from selling shares other participants, which, may involve issuing new complete sets see appendix for details. practice, each share complete set erc token the ethereum network. the dai figure used here for ease discussion. the actual cost complete set shares much smaller than this; see docs.augur.net/#number-of-ticks for details. closing out existing complete sets. augur's matching engine always sequesters the minimum amount shares and/or cash needed cover the value risk. there matching order, the request can only partially filled, the remainder placed the order book new order. orders are never executed worse price than the limit price set the trader, but may executed better price. unfilled and partially-filled orders can removed from the order book the order's creator any time. fees are paid traders only when complete sets shares are sold; settlement fees are discussed more detail section while most trading shares expected happen before market settlement, shares can traded any time after market creation. all augur assets including shares market outcomes, participation tokens, shares dispute bonds, and even ownership the markets themselves are transferable all times. practice, all these assets take the form erc tokens. during any fee window, rep holders may purchase any number participation tokens for one attorep each. the end the fee window, they may redeem their participation tokens for one attorep each, addition proportional share the fee window's reporting fee pool. there were actions (e.g., submitting report disputing report submitted another user) needed reporter, the reporter may purchase participation tokens indicate that they showed for the fee window. just like staked rep, participation tokens may redeemed their owners for pro rata portion fees this fee window. participation tokens are primarily the means which augur pays fees repholders, but they may also serve additional incentive for repholders monitor the platform least once per week. even rep holders who not want participate the reporting process may incentivized check-in with augur once per -day fee window order buy participation tokens and collect fees. this regular, active checking-in will ensure that they are familiar with how use augur, will aware forks when they occur, and thus should more ready participate forks when they happen. reporting once market's underlying event occurs, the outcome must determined order for the market finalize and begin settlement. outcomes are determined augur's oracle, which consists profit-motivated reporters, who simply report the actual, real-world outcome the event. anyone who owns rep may participate the reporting and disputing outcomes. reporters whose reports are consistent with objective reality are financially rewarded, while those whose reports are not consistent with objective reality are financially penalized (see section participation tokens market state progression augur markets can seven different states after creation. the potential states, "phases", augur market are follows: pre-reporting designated reporting open reporting dispute round waiting for the next fee window begin fork finalized fee windows augur's reporting system runs cycle consecutive -day long fee windows. all fees collected augur during given fee window are added the reporting fee pool for that fee window. the end the fee window, the reporting fee pool paid out rep holders who participated the reporting process. reporters receive rewards proportion the amount rep they staked during that fee window. participation includes: staking during initial report, disputing tentative outcome, purchasing participation tokens. the relationship between these states can seen fig. pre-reporting the pre-reporting trading phase (fig. the time period that begins after trading has begun the market, participation one tokens are erc tokens the ethereum network. attorep rep. figure reporting flowchart. but before the market's event has come pass. generally, this the most active trading period for any given augur market. once the event end date has passed, the market enters the designated reporting phase (fig. a). any outcome other than the one they reported. soon the designated reporter submits its report, the market enters the dipsute round phase (fig. c), and the reported outcome becomes the market's tentative outcome. designated reporting when creating market, market creators are required choose designated reporter and post creator bond. during the designated reporting phase (fig. the market's designated reporter has hours report the outcome the event. the designated reporter fails report within the allotted hours, the market creator forfeits the creator bond, and the market automatically enters the open reporting phase (fig. b). the designated reporter submits report time then the creator bond placed stake the reported outcome, which will forfeited the market finalizes open reporting the designated reporter fails report within the allotted hours, the market creator forfeits the creator bond, and the market immediately enters the open reporting phase (fig. b). soon the market enters the open reporting phase, anyone can report the outcome the market. when the designated reporter fails forfeited stake added the reporting fee pool the market's assigned fee window, and used reward honest reporters and disputers; see section for details. report, the first reporter who reports the outcome market called the market's first public reporter. the market's first public reporter receives the forfeited creator bond the form stake their chosen outcome, they may claim the no-show bond only their reported outcome agrees with the market's final outcome. the first public reporter does not need stake any their own rep when reporting the outcome the market. this way, any market whose designated reporter fails report expected have its outcome reported someone very soon after entering the open reporting phase. once initial report has been received the initial reporter (whether was the designated reporter first public reporter), the reported outcome becomes the market's tentative outcome, and the market enters the dispute round phase (fig. c). dispute round the dispute round (fig. phase during which any rep holder has the opportunity dispute the market's tentative outcome. dispute round may last days (with the exception the very first dispute round, which may last hours). the beginning dispute round, market's tentative outcome the outcome that will become the market's final outcome not successfully disputed rep holders. dispute consists staking rep (referred dispute stake this context) outcome other than the market's current tentative outcome. dispute successful the total amount dispute stake some outcome meets the dispute bond size required for the current round. the dispute bond size computed follows. let denote the total stake over all this market's outcomes the beginning dispute round let any market outcome other than the market's tentative outcome the beginning this dispute round. let s(o, denote the total amount stake outcome the beginning dispute round then the size the dispute bond needed successfully dispute the current tentative outcome favor the new outcome during round denoted b(o, and given by: b(o, s(o, the bond sizes are chosen this way ensure fixed roi for reporters who successfully dispute false outcomes (see section d). the dispute bonds need not paid their entirety single user. the augur platform allows participants crowdsource dispute bonds. any user who sees incorrect tentative outcome can dispute that outcome staking rep outcome other than the tentative outcome. any outcome (other than the tentative outcome) accumulates enough dispute stake fill its dispute bond, the current tentative outcome will successfully disputed. the case successful dispute, one three things will happen: the market will either undergo another dispute round immediately, the market will wait until the next fee window begin before undergoing another dispute round, the market will enter the fork state (fig. e). the size the filled dispute bond greater than all rep, then the market will enter the fork state. the size the filled dispute bond less than all rep but greater than all rep, then the newly chosen outcome becomes the market's new tentative outcome and the market enters the waiting for next fee window begin phase (fig. d). the size the filled dispute bond less than all rep, then the newly chosen outcome becomes the market's new tentative outcome and the market immediately enters another dispute round. all dispute stake held escrow during the dispute round. dispute bond unsuccessful, then the dispute stake returned its owners the end the dispute round. dispute successful for days during the dispute round, then the market enters the finalized state (fig. f), and its tentative outcome accepted its final outcome. market's final outcome the tentative outcome that passes through dispute round without being successfully disputed, determined via fork. augur's contracts treat final outcomes truth and pay out accordingly. all unsuccessful dispute stake returned the original owners the end every dispute round. all successful dispute stake applied the outcome championed, and remains there until the market finalized (or until fork occurs some other augur market). all dispute stake (whether successful unsuccessful) will receive portion the reporting fee pool from the current fee window. waiting for next fee window begin market's tentative outcome disputed with bond greater than all rep but less than all rep, then the market enters the waiting for next fee window begin phase (fig. c), before undergoing another dispute round. the purpose this simply slow down the dispute process the bonds get larger giving honest participants more time crowdfund the larger dispute bond. this reduces the risk critical failure mode: one where the oracle resolves incorrectly because honest participants didn't have time raise the funds needed dispute false tentative outcome. during this phase, reporting for the market hold until end the current fee window. once the next any reporting fees and validity bonds collected during fee window get added that fee window's reporting fee pool. the end the fee window, the reporting fee pool paid out users proportion the amount rep they staked during that fee window. fee window begins, the market enters the dispute round phase. fork the fork state (fig. special state that lasts days. forking the market resolution method last resort; very disruptive process and intended rare occurrence. fork caused when there market with outcome with successfully-filled dispute bond least all rep. this market referred the forking market. when fork initiated, -day forking period begins. disputing for all other non-finalized markets put hold until the end this forking period. the forking period much longer than the usual fee window because the platform needs provide ample time for rep holders and service providers (such wallets and exchanges) prepare. fork's final outcome cannot disputed. every augur market and all rep tokens exist some universe. rep tokens can used report outcomes (and thus earn fees) only for markets that exist the same universe the rep tokens. when augur first launches, all markets and all rep will exist together the genesis universe. when market forks, new universes are created. forking creates new child universe for each possible outcome the forking market (including invalid. for example, "yes/no" market has possible outcomes: yes, no, and invalid. thus, "yes/no" forking market will create three new child universes: universe yes, universe no, and universe invalid. initially, these newly created universes are empty: they contain markets rep tokens. when fork initiated, the parent universe becomes permanently locked. locked universe, new markets may created. users may continue trading shares markets locked universes, and markets locked universe may still receive their initial reports. however, reporting rewards are paid out there, and markets locked universes cannot finalized. order for markets rep tokens the locked universe useful, they must first migrated child universe. during the forking period, holders rep tokens the parent universe may migrate their tokens child universe their choice. this choice should considered carefully, because migration one-way; cannot reversed. tokens cannot sent from one sibling universe another. migration permanent commitment rep tokens particular outcome the forking market. rep tokens that migrate different child universes ought considered entirely separate tokens, and ser- vice providers like wallets and exchanges ought list them such. any rep tokens that have not been migrated out the parent universe when the forking period ends will permanently locked the parent universe. such tokens are expected lose all value, paramount importance that repholders migrate their tokens anytime fork happens. when fork initiated, all rep staked all nonforking markets unstaked that free migrated child universe during the forking period. whichever child universe receives the most migrated rep the end the forking period becomes the winning universe, and its corresponding outcome becomes the final outcome the forking market. un-finalized markets the parent universe may migrated only the winning universe and, they have received initial report, are reset back the waiting-for-next-fee-windowto-begin phase. reporters that have staked rep one the forking market's outcomes cannot change their position during fork. rep that was staked forking market's outcome the parent universe can migrated only the child universe that corresponds that outcome. for example, reporter helped fulfill successful dispute bond favor outcome during some dispute round, then the rep they have staked outcome can only migrated universe during fork. sibling universes are entirely disjoint. rep tokens that exist one universe cannot used report events earn rewards from markets another universe. since users presumably will not want create trade markets universe whose oracle untrustworthy, rep that exists universe that does not correspond objective reality unlikely earn its owner any fees, and therefore should not hold any significant market value. therefore, rep tokens migrated universe which does not correspond objective reality should hold market value, regardless whether not the objectively false universe ends being the winning universe after fork. this has important security consequences, which discuss section ii. market enters the finalized state (fig. passes through -day dispute round without having its tentative outcome successfully disputed, after completion fork. the outcome fork cannot disputed and always considered final the end the forking period. the forking periods can less than days: forking period ends when either days have passed, more than all genesis rep migrated some child universe. finalized only exception the rep staked the initial reporter when they made the initial report. that rep remains staked the initial reported outcome and automatically migrated the child universe that wins the fork. this happens for technical reasons unrelated the mechanism design. once market finalized, traders can settle their positions directly with the market. when market enters the finalized state, refer its chosen outcome the final outcome. market settlement trader can close their position one two ways: selling the shares they hold another trader exchange for currency, settling their shares with the market. recall that every share comes into existence part complete set when total dai has been escrowed with augur. get that dai out escrow, traders must give augur either complete set or, the market has finalized, share the winning outcome. when this exchange happens say traders are settling with the market contract. for example, consider non-finalized market with possible outcomes and suppose alice has share outcome that she wants sell for dai and bob has share outcome that wants sell for dai. first, augur matches these orders and collects the and shares from the participants. then augur gives dai (minus fees) alice and dai (minus fees) bob. second example, consider finalized market whose winning outcome alice has share and wants cash in. she sends her share augur and return receives dai (minus fees). settlement fees the only time augur levies fees when market participants are settling with the market contract. augur levies two fees during settlement: the creator fee, and the reporting fee. both these fees are proportional the amount being paid out. so, the pre-finalized settlement example above, where alice receives dai and bob receives dai, alice would pay the fees while bob would pay the creator fee set the market creator during market creation, and paid the market creator upon settlement. the reporting fee set dynamically (see section and paid reporters who participate the reporting process. sizes and the amount burned are chosen such that anyone who successfully disputes outcome favor the market's final outcome rewarded with roi their dispute stake. this strong incentive for reporters dispute false tentative outcomes. reputation redistribution market finalizes without initiating fork, all rep staked any outcome other than the market's final outcome forfeited. twenty percent the forfeited stake burned, and the remainder distributed the users who staked the market's final outcome proportion the amount rep they staked. the dispute bond ii. incentives and security there strong relationship between the market cap rep and the trustworthiness augur's forking protocol. the market cap rep large enough and attackers are economically rational, then the outcome that wins the fork should correspond objective reality. fact, would possible for augur function properly without using designated reporters and dispute rounds. using only the forking process, the oracle would report truthfully. however, forks are disruptive and time consuming. fork takes days resolve single market, and can resolve only one market time. during the days which the forking market being resolved, all other non-finalized markets are put hold. service providers have update, and rep holders have migrate their rep one the new child universes. therefore, forks should used only when they are absolutely necessary. forking the nuclear option. fortunately, once has been established that forks can trusted determine truth, incentives can used encourage participants behave honestly without having actually initiate fork. the credible threat fork, and the belief that the fork will resolve correctly, that are the cornerstones augur's incentive system. next, discuss the conditions under which the forking system can trusted determine truth. then discuss the incentive system and how encourages quick and correct resolution all markets. integrity the forking protocol here discuss the reliability the forking process and the conditions under which can trusted. for ease discussion, when referring forks, will refer the child universe that corresponds objective reality the true universe, and any other child universe false universe. will refer the child universe which receives the most rep migration during the forking period the winning universe and all other child universes losing universes. naturally, always want the true universe the winning universe, and the false universes the losing see theorem appendix section for details. traders can continue trading those markets, but those markets cannot finalize until after the forking period. see universes. say that the forking protocol has been successfully attacked whenever false universe ends being the winning universe fork thus resulting the forking market (and, potentially, all non-finalized markets) being paid out incorrectly. our approach securing the oracle arrange matters such that the maximum benefit successful attacker less than the minimum cost performing the attack. formalize this below. maximum benefit attacker attacker who successfully attacks the oracle would cause all non-finalized augur markets migrate false universe. the attacker controls the majority rep the false universe, the attacker can then force all non-finalized markets resolve however she wants. the most extreme case, she would also able capture all funds escrowed all those markets. definition define, and denote augur's native open interest the value the sum all funds escrowed unfinalized augur markets. definition define parasitic market any market that does not pay reporting fees augur, but does resolve accordance with the resolution native augur market. definition define, and denote the parasitic open interest the value the sum all funds escrowed all parasitic markets that resolve accordance nonfinalized, native augur markets. the most extreme case, attacker would also able capture all funds all parasitic markets which resolve accordance non-finalized, native augur markets. observation the maximum (gross) benefit attacker who successfully attacks the oracle parasitic open interest unknowable augur can accurately and efficiently measure however, cannot known general, there may exist arbitrarily many offline parasitic markets, each with arbitrarily large open interest. since the maximum possible benefit attacker includes the unknowable quantity one can never objectively certain that the oracle secure against economically rational attackers. however, are willing assert that reasonably bounded practice, then can define conditions under which may assert that the oracle secure. next, consider the cost attacking the oracle. let denote the price rep. let denote one attorep let denote the total amount rep existence (the "money supply" rep). let denote the proportion that will migrated the true universe during the forking period fork. thus the product represents the absolute amount rep migrated the true universe during the forking period fork, and the product the market cap rep. let denote the price rep migrated false universe the attacker's choosing. note that then attack impossible because there does not exist enough rep outside the true universe for any false universe become the winning universe. attorep rep. may cases where some non-malicious reporters migrate rep false universe accidentally carelessly. however, such behavior is, practice, indistinguishable from collaborating with attacker. one this minimum cost successful attack there pitted against economically rational attackers, the oracle will resolve outcomes that correspond objective reality the maximum benefit attacker less than the minimum cost attack. observations can see that this occurs whenever whenever and know that that then the forking protocol has integrity definition. are also willing accommodate parasitic open interest large the native open interest, and let under these assumptions, theorem tells that the forking protocol has integrity whenever the market cap rep least times the native open interest. augur gets information about the price rep via collection trusted third-party price oracles this gives augur the ability compute the current market cap rep. augur can also measure the current native open interest, and can thus determine what market cap ought targeted order meet augur's integrity requirements. every universe begins with default reporting fee the current market cap below the target, then reporting fees are automatically increased (but will never higher than .%), putting upward pressure the price rep and/or downward pressure new native open interest. the current market cap above the target, then reporting fees are automatically decreased (but will never lower than .%) that traders are not paying more than needed keep the system secure. the reporting fees are determined follows. let the reporting fee from the previous window, let the target market cap, and let the current market cap. then the fee for the current fee window given reporting max min unnecessarily increases the cost attack. leveraging the threat fork mentioned above, forks are disruptive and slow way for markets reach finalization. rather than using the forking process resolve every market, augur leverages the threat fork resolve markets efficiently. recall that any stake successfully disputing outcome favor the market's final outcome will receive roi their dispute stake. the event fork, any rep staked any the market's false outcomes should lose all economic value, while any rep staked the market's true outcome rewarded with more rep the child universe that corresponds the market's true outcome (regardless the outcome the fork). therefore, pushed fork, rep holders who dispute false outcomes favor true outcomes will doing market cap nudges the future, augur may able learn the price rep without having trust third parties. this active area research. measured rep that exists universe that corresponds the market's final outcome; see theorem appendix always come out ahead, while rep holders who staked false outcomes will see their rep lose all economic value. believe this situation sufficient guarantee that all false tentative outcomes will successfully disputed. iii. from the theoretical minimum more comfortable value this means that the fee adjustment algorithm targets market cap times the native open interest, rather than times. this should help absorb large (up increase), sudden, unexpected, and short-lived increases open interest without threatening oracle integrity. potential issues risks parasitic markets recall that parasitic market any market that does not pay reporting fees augur, but does resolve accordance with the resolution native augur market. because parasitic markets not have any reporters pay, they can offer the same service augur with lower fees. this can have serious consequences for the integrity augur's forking protocol. particular, parasitic markets attract trading interest away from augur, then augur's reporters will receive less reporting fees. this would put downward pressure the market cap rep. the market cap rep falls too low, the integrity the forking protocol put jeopardy (theorem result, parasitic markets have the potential threaten the long term viability augur, and should vehemently opposed. the oracle parasite problem has not been solved and may provably unsolvable even for centralized systems. that said, the time this writing, have observed significant parasitic interest leveraging augur's oracle. inconsistent malicious resolution sources during market creation, market creators chose resolution source that reporters should use determine the outcome the event question. the market creator chooses inconsistent malicious resolution source, honest reporters may lose money. for example, suppose the market question has outcomes and and the market creator, serena, has chosen her own website, attacker.com, the resolution source. after the market's event end time, serena who also the designated reporter for the market reports outcome and updates attacker.com indicate that outcome the correct outcome. honest reporters who check attacker.com will see that the initial report incorrect and, during the first dispute round, should successfully dispute the tentative outcome favor outcome serena would update attacker.com indicate that outcome the correct outcome, and the market would then enter its second dispute round. again, reporters who check attacker.com will see that the tentative outcome (outcome incorrect, and may successfully dispute it. serena can repeat this behavior until the market resolves. matter how the market resolves, some honest reporters will lose money. volatility open interest large, sudden, unexpected, and short-lived increases open interest like those that may seen during popular sporting event result rapid increases the market cap requirement for forking protocol integrity (theorem when the market cap requirement exceeds the market cap, there risk economically rational attackers causing fork resolve incorrectly. while augur does attempt nudge the market cap and/or the open interest back into safe ratio during such situations (see section c), these nudges are reactionary and are adjusted only once per -day fee window. worth noting, however, that speculators who witness the sudden increase open interest may buy rep anticipation the reactionary market cap nudge, thus driving the market cap rep up, perhaps point where the integrity the forking protocol longer threatened. the length time during which the oracle vulnerable may not long enough for attacker successfully exploit the vulnerability. additionally, have increased the security multiplier self-referential oracle queries markets that trade the future behavior augur's oracle may have undesirable effects the behavior the oracle itself []. for example, consider market that trades the question, "will any designated reporter fail submit report during their three-day forking period before december bets placed the outcome this market may act perverse incentive for designated reporters intentionally fail report. designated reporter can buy enough yes shares low enough price compensate for the loss the creator bond, they may intentionally fail report. the market cap rep large enough (theorem then these self-referential oracle queries will not threaten the integrity the forking protocol. however, they may the theoretical minimum for the security multiplier when not accounting for any parasitic interest. when account for parasitic interest the native open interest, the theoretical minimum for the security multiplier negatively affect the performance augur causing delays market finalizations. while markets would still finalize correctly, this sort behavior disruptive and undesirable. uncertain fork participation cannot know advance how much rep will migrated the true universe during the forking period fork, thus cannot know advance whether the market cap large enough for the oracle have integrity (theorem our belief the integrity the forking protocol can stronger than our belief our assumption that users will behave rationally and their own economic self-interest. assume that least (minus one attorep) all rep will migrate the true child universe during the forking period fork because that consistent with self-interested, rational decision making the behalf the participants. however, cannot guarantee this will happen. responsibility during fork augur forks differ from blockchain forks one important respect: after blockchain fork, user who owned coin the parent chain will now own coin both forks. ignoring replay attacks, blockchain forks pose little risk users. during augur fork, however, user who owns rep token the parent universe can migrate that coin only one the child universes. the user migrates their token any universe other than the consensus universe, their token may lose all value. thus migrating rep during the forking period fork, before clear which child universe has achieved consensus, exposes the user risk. this risk inherent part rep ownership. abstaining from migration during fork will result nearcertain loss value for the repholder. this necessary design decision, the integrity the oracle relies upon repholders reporting truthfully during the fork. repholders cannot absolved this responsibility without greatly increasing the cost system security. wolfers and zitzewitz. prediction markets. journal economic perspectives, ():-, james surowiecki. the wisdom crowds. anchor, hanson, oprea, and porter. information aggregation and manipulation experimental mar- see https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/intrade#disputes for details. ambiguous subjective markets only events that have objectively knowable outcomes are suitable for use augur markets. reporters believe that market not suitable for resolution the platform for example, because ambiguous, subjective, the outcome not known the event end date they should report the market invalid. market resolves invalid, traders are paid out equal values for all possible outcomes; for scalar markets, traders are paid out halfway between the market's minimum price and maximum price. possible imagine markets where some reporters are certain that the outcome and others are certain that the outcome for example, tradesports allowed its users speculate whether north korea would fire ballistic missile that would land outside its airspace before the end july july north korea successfully fired ballistic missile that landed outside its airspace, and the event was widely reported the world media and confirmed many u.s. government sources. however, the u.s. department defense had not confirmed the event, was required tradesports' contract. tradesports concluded that the contract's conditions had not been met, and paid out accordingly. this case where the spirit the market predict the missile launch was clearly satisfied, but the letter the market predict whether the u.s. department defense would confirm the launch was not. tradesports, being centralized website, was able unilaterally declare the outcome the market. such situation arises augur market, rep holders may have differing opinions about how the market should resolve, and stake their rep accordingly. the worst case, this could result fork where rep more than one child universe maintains non-zero market value. acknowledgments thank abraham othman, alex chapman, serena randolph, tom haile, george hotz, scott bigelow, and peronet despeignes for their helpful feedback and suggestions. ket. journal economic behavior organization, ():-, d.m. pennock, lawrence, c.l. giles, and f.a. nielsen. the real power artificial markets. science, manski. interpreting the predictions prediction markets. nber working paper no. wolfers and zitzewitz. interpreting prediction market prices probabilities. nber working paper no. goel, d.m. reeves, d.j. watts, and d.m. pennock. prediction without markets. proceedings the acm conference electronic commerce, pages acm, nakamoto. bitcoin: peer-to-peer electronic cash system. https://bitcoin.org/bitcoin.pdf, buterin. next generation smart contract and decentralized application platform. https://github.com/ethereum/wiki/wiki/white-paper, clark, bonneau, e.w. felten, j.a. kroll, miller, and narayanan. decentralizing prediction markets and order books. weis proceedings the workshop the economics information security, june othman and sandholm. decision rules and decision markets. proceedings the international conference autonomous agents and multiagent systems: volume volume aamas pages international foundation for autonomous agents and multiagent systems, appendix finalization time redistribution begin with some notation, definitions, and observations. definition for given market let the outcome space (or set outcomes) definition for and let s(o, denote the total amount stake outcome the beginning dispute round this includes all stake from all successful dispute bonds favor over all previous dispute rounds. definition for and let s(o, denote the amount stake all outcomes except for the beginning dispute round s(o, s(g, g=o definition for let denote the total stake over all outcomes the beginning dispute round s(o, observation follows that s(o, s(o, n). definition for let denote the tentative outcome the beginning dispute round for example, the outcome reported the initial reporter. definition for and let b(o, denote the amount stake required successfully fill dispute bond favor outcome during dispute round recall that the amount stake required successfully fill dispute bond favor outcome during dispute round where given eq. b(o, s(o, n). observation dispute bond successfully filled favor outcome during dispute round then s(o, b(o, s(o, n). that is, the successful dispute stake the only new stake applied outcome the end dispute round observation for all s(o, s(o, n). that is, dispute bond not entirely filled favor outcome then additional stake added outcome the beginning the next dispute round. this due the fact that all unsuccessful dispute stake returned the users the end the dispute round. observation for all an- b(on that is, the total stake over all outcomes the beginning dispute round simply the total stake from the beginning the previous dispute round plus the successful dispute stake from the previous dispute round. all other stake returned users the end the previous dispute round. lemma s(on s(on n), for proof. suppose market enters dispute round where during dispute round the outcome on- must have been successfully disputed favor outcome according eq. the size that dispute bond b(on an- s(on using observation this can rewritten b(on s(on s(on (a) know the dispute bond was successfully filled during round using observation see that b(on s(on s(on n). observation tells that the total amount staked unchanged from round s(on s(on n). thus, eq. reduces s(on s(on n). theorem any rep holders successfully disputing outcome favor market's final outcome will receive roi their dispute stake (measured rep that exists universe that corresponds the market's final outcome), unless the market interrupted some other market causing fork. proof. during fork, all users who successfully filled dispute bonds favor the forking market's final outcome are given (via coins minted during the fork) return their dispute stake when they migrate their dispute stake the corresponding child universe. thus, the case where the market question has caused fork, the theorem immediately true. now consider the case where the market question resolves without causing fork, and reporting not interrupted some other market causing fork. denote the market's final outcome ofinal and suppose the market resolves the end dispute round where that means the tentative outcome for round ofinal and that outcome not successfully disputed during round other words: ofinal then lemma know that s(ofinal s(ofinal n). since the market resolves the end round with further stake added any outcome, the above equation shows the final amount stake the market's final outcome, ofinal and the sum all stake all the market's other outcomes, ofinal note that there exactly twice much stake the market's final outcome there all other outcomes combined. augur burns the all stake the non-final outcomes and redistributes the rest users who staked ofinal proportion the amount rep they staked. therefore the users who successfully filled dispute bond favor ofinal get roi their staked rep. next, consider the maximum number dispute rounds required resolve market. eq. minimized when chosen the non-tentative outcome that begins the dispute round with the greatest amount stake. lemma implies that the non-tentative outcome with the greatest amount stake the previous dispute round's tentative outcome. therefore, the smallest possible dispute bond size that can successfully filled during dispute round where b(on- n). other words, the dispute bond size grows slowest when the same two outcomes are repeatedly disputed favor one another. follows that the number dispute rounds required for market initiate fork maximized when the same two outcomes are repeatedly disputed favor one another. therefore can determine the maximum number dispute rounds that any market may undergo before initiating fork finding the maximum number dispute rounds that can occur the particular case where the same two market outcomes are repeatedly disputed favor one another. examine that case now. suppose that every successful dispute bond filled favor the previous dispute round's tentative outcome. then the two tentative outcomes that are iteratively disputed favor one another other are and observation the case where the same two tentative outcomes are repeatedly disputed favor one another, on- for all definition let denote the amount stake placed during the initial report. because the tentative outcome for each round known this situation, can simplify our notation for the dispute bond sizes. define shorthand denote the bond size required for round that and b(on- for all this will make for easier reading and comprehension. observation the case where the same two tentative outcomes are repeatedly disputed favor one another, s(on- s(on- bn- for (that is, every other successful dispute bond added the same outcome.) lemma the same two tentative outcomes are repeatedly disputed favor one another, then for all where s(on- bn- bn- and dn- s(o- s(o (d) part the lemma holds for (d) part the lemma holds for part the lemma holds for therefore the lemma, its entirety, holds true for the base case (induction) suppose the lemma true for all such that for rep, because the minimum amount stake the initial report rep solving (.)n- for yields thus, can guarantee that market will resolve cause fork after most dispute rounds. during the very first fee window after launch, the validity bond will set eth. then, more than the finalized markets the previous fee window were invalid, the validity bond will increased. less than the finalized markets the previous fee window were invalid, then the validity bond will decreased (but will never lower than eth). particular, let the proportion finalized markets the previous fee window that were invalid, and the amount the validity bond from the previous fee window. then the validity bond for the current window max (n) during the very first fee window after launch, the noshow bond will set rep. with the validity bond, the no-show bond adjusted down, targeting no-show rate with floor rep. specifically, let the proportion markets the previous fee window whose designated reporters failed report time, and let amount the no-show bond from the previous fee window. the the amount the no-show bond for the current fee window max {., (r)}. this see appendixes and no-show bond formula may change once empirical data from live markets obtained. designated reporter bond during the very first fee window after launch, the amount the designated reporter bond will set rep. the amount the designated reporter bond dynamically adjusted according how many designated reports were incorrect (failed concur with the final market outcome) during the previous fee window. particular, let the proportion designated reports that were incorrect during the previous fee window, and let the amount the designated reporter stake during the previous fee window, then the amount the designated reporter bond for the current window max {., (d)}.