aurora chain white paper abstract aurora chain applies dpos+bft consensus mechanisms and contracts with "speed light" operation rate link industries such games, big data, and iot. aurora chain's slogan build wonderful and colorful blockchain world shining like aurora. aurora chain offers intelligent application isolation and enables multi-chain parallel expansion create extremely high tps with security maintain. this way, aurora chain ushers breakthrough into the blockchain world. accomplish this mission, aurora chain has developed number techniques: dpos+bft consensus mechanisms can lower the risks forking based fast-working consensus mechanisms; stereo-net enables fast and secure communications network layering; proprietary application isolation and pending zone intelligent regulation ensures that inter-effects happen between the applications; multi-chain parallel operation and horizontal expansion enable unlimited increase tps; multi-asset launching simplifies the procedure asset launching and provides high processing speed and the capability expand same level the main chain coins; upgradable blockchain supports automatic upgrading; cluster self-grouping technology enables verification transactions and downsizes users' costs data storage. aurora chain commits itself increasing operation speed and create blockchain technology born for applications. does providing solution many common blockchain difficulties. aurora chain will help link all industries, promote the creation applications, and build colorful blockchain world! content chapter one background information aurora chain blockchain new distributed-infrastructure and computingparadigm. uses the block-chain data structure verify and store data, the distributed-node-consensus algorithm generate and upgrade data, cryptography safeguard the process data transmission and data access and smart contracts, consisting automated scripts write codes and process data. blockchain symbolizes beginning reliable internet environment. blockchain attractive for trust can built peer peer the network, making the value-transmission process transparent and confidential without intervention from intermediaries. this mechanism codetermined but can also protect individual rights, making the value exchange more efficient and less costly. chapter two the mission aurora chain aurora chain holds the mission creating lightning fast contracts and facilitating the easy creation applications the blockchain. our central goals are follows: focus incorporating blockchain into other industries for now, blockchain most commonly used for digital asset offering. what aurora chain creates enables in-depth collaboration with other industries. aurora chain strives allow businesses embed applications and rules into the blockchain. aurora chain born for applications, supports implementation applications and can link disparate industries. focus making the perfect smart contract the smart contract indispensable incorporate blockchain into other industries. how supportive public chain contracts closely related how closely blockchain combined with other industries. only contracts with abundant underlayer, high level freedom and transparent code can meet the needs different industries. focus boosting the speed people have long been criticizing that the transaction throughput(tps)of many blockchains hinders from being combined with other industries. allay this concern, aurora chain focused boosting the speed transaction processing. focus solving blockchain difficulties aurora chain commits itself building upgradable blockchain and realizing automatic upgrading designated height. meanwhile, with cluster self-grouping technology, aurora chain able reduce users' data storage costs. aurora chain offers resolution difficulties when implementing blockchain technology applications and speeds the construction blockchain ecology. ensure immediate application aurora chain places emphasis the combination ideal and reality, the co-existence efficiency and practicality. aurora chain enables indepth incorporation with various types applications speed the implementation blockchain applications. chapter three technical realization aurora chain the dpos plus bft consensus mechanisms dpos due high transaction speed and high tps dpos consensus mechanism, more and more blockchain projects are using dpos(delegated proof stake) consensus mechanism. aurora chain also uses the dpos mechanism. when aoa balance account higher than million aoas, the account can apply for the candidacy aoa proxy; when aoa balance proxy candidate lower than million aoas, its candidacy will automatically disqualified; every address with balance aoas qualified vote for proxy candidacy and the top candidates with the largest number votes can automatically become the proxy nodes for packing transactions; every address can only vote for each candidate once with maximum quotas votes. with one vote, aoa needs locked till the end voting. bft (byzantine fault tolerance) )adding bft dpos can effectively avoid forks. speed greatly increased since there's need waiting for confirmation numbers after the block generation. )aurora chain builds stereoscopic network where there broadcasting network among nodes based udp and long connection among proxy candidates based tcp. through the upper network, high-speed bft consensus system can also realized among proxy candidates. proxy root tree added the head each block record its status and boost the speed verification. the smart contract nick szabo, cross-field law scholar, defines the smart contract set digital promises and protocols based which shareholders keep these promises. the smart contract program running the blockchain database used process information and get and send values. aurora chain applies evm virtual machine and solidity developing languages write smart contracts. the future, aurora chain will support smart contracts based java, go, and c++ among others. stereo-net broadcasting network built among different nodes. proxy candidates can build direct connection through the upper layer network which enables that bft mechanism between proxies could realized quickly. with network layering, can achieve faster and safer communication. intelligent application isolation technology verified transactions will processed the pending zone. proxy nodes pack transactions the pending zone until let out. major functions the smart scheduling pending area are follows: from macroscopic view, distinguishes contracts with different fees, flows and categories. also takes dynamic control transaction's entering the blockchain make sure the process fair and that clog some contracts won't affect others. from microscopic view, can monitor each contract real time and make adjustments according the real situation. makes blockchain more efficient and protects from outside attacks. multi-asset offering procedure asset offering can simplified, with provision processing speed and capability expansion with the same level main chain coins. the standard token offering procedure offers includes simplified and regulated token offering methods and procedures. with multi-asset token offerings, tokens can used the contracts directly and there need for introduction other contracts. the multi-chain parallel technology the multi-chain structure makes transaction process more efficient than the single-chain structure for the latter restricted encryption algorithms and online transmissions. the stereoscopic network can realize cross-chain consensus system and increase tps. therefore, the ability blockchain can infinitely increased the number chains increases. the upgradable blockchain it's hard upgrade blockchain after has been released except when compulsory fork applied the expense impeding the development blockchain. but with the llvm compiler, blockchain code and contract scripts will put together. all clients will upgrade together after the upgraded blockchain placed the old version specific link. cluster self-grouping when any node turns self-grouping function, certain nodes the network will form cluster combination which can participate transaction verification and storage reduce users' data storage costs. helping others with transaction verification, users will receive extra bonus, which resembles mining mechanism. the anti-quantum-attack technology the quantum calculation has nature concurrency due the special characteristic quantum information. for instance, when quantum computer processing n-quantum-bit data, actually dealing with data status. due their concurrency, quantum computers can solve problems not able solved electronic computers. therefore, the security the current public-key system based the complexity calculation challenged the powerful computing ability quantum computers. two most common quantum algorithms used decode are the grover algorithm and the shor algorithm. the grover algorithm can cut length the key half while the shor algorithm can attack common key agreements such rsa, eigamal, ecc and dh. therefore, it's longer secure take rsa, eigamal, ecc and encipher under the environment quantum calculation. internationally, researches the anti-quantum cryptography mainly focuses the lattice-based cryptography, the code-based cryptography, the multivariate cryptography and the hash-based signatures cryptography. the central problem the lattice-based cryptography the shortest vector problem(svp), that find the shortest non-void vector the lattice system. now, quantum algorithm can decode the latticebased cipher which secure even under the worst condition. out safety concern, aurora chain applies the lattice-based cryptography cope with potential quantum attacks. the cross-chain communications currently, it's still impossible for block chains are communicate with each other. the isolation prevents different block chains from working together and impedes their development. aurora chain, however, supports cross-chain communication protocol and other crosschain technologies ensure unrestricted value-network. the differentiated mining mechanism the bitcoin network, mining nodes pack transaction records independently into new blocks through the workload management approach and get bitcoins reward. the core mining reward community members according their contributions and therefore encourage their participation. aurora chain gives rewards anything making contributions the community such upgrading the code, finding bugs, giving optimizing suggestions and spreading knowledge long they are recognized the community members. the mining system won't written into the blockchain the beginning. instead, will tested and optimized the community until the rules are finalized maximize incentives. the aoa token and commission aoa serves the token ensure aurora chain's proper functionality. normally the commission rate aoa only except when surges protect the system from attacks. the total volume issuance aoa tokens billion, among which for early community members, for investors and partners and for aurora foundation with purposes use for daily operation, rewards for core team members and community developers well eco-system creation. chapter four background for application aurora chain application the game industry blockchainization the game tokens blockchain tokens are used games for production, transaction and account settlement. they can transformed different games. this open economic system, owners take complete control their tokens. blockchainization the game data game props, characters and equipment are all defined tokens. tokens represent ownership players can trade outside the games. blockchainization game characters and equipment brings revolution games. therefore, it's necessary that game developers, operators and publishers redefine their own positions games response the change. games will finally community-based where rules producing and consuming the equipment are co-determined players and developers. under this condition, games will grow more popular and have extended life span. blockchainization game rules blockchainization game rules ensures transparent production game props and equipment that game developers operators can not change. the sheer transparency attracts lot game players but also brings about challenges game developers. application for the internet things the current internet things system depends centralized network management architecture where all devices are connected through cloud server. but decentralized internet things system, blockchain can create basic framework facilitate the transaction and cooperation devices. each device the network functions independent, micro business entity. application high-tech areas such and astronautics high-tech areas such and astronautics, it's always difficulty balance the data security and the data synergy. the currently adopted centralized data network has problems collaborating across cross-area system and multi-node system. the same time, collaboration among different data network systems also not fully realized. blockchain could create technological revolution for the iot area. application the supply chain industry blockchain data transparent and shared all parties. forms complete, fluent data flow the whole service chain make sure problems can found and solved time. therefore, can make the service chain management more efficient. chapter five roadmap aurora chain aurora chain comes online and simultaneously opens the platform for smart contracts. upgrade the intelligent application isolation technology and the stereo-net, further improving security and operation speed. complete matured development multi-chain parallel operation services, cluster grouping technology and upgradable blockchain technology, implementing cooperation between applications. and beyond realizing anti-quantum attacks and blockchain world that more secure and faster. effect, more colorful blockchain world created. chapter six website contact information website: www.aurorachain.io email: official@aurorachain.io