aurora: decentralized financial institution utilizing distributed computing and the ethereum network aurora labs version january abstract aurora suite dapps that together comprise decentralized banking and finance platform. complete with its own stablecoin, the boreal, aurora aims recreate and improve upon the existing financial ecosystem distributed fashion. aurora offers stable and open financial system available all over the world. the primary components aurora are financial asset exchange (idex) and cryptocurrency bank (decentralized capital) which work together offer the same financial services the modern world. inspired f.a. hayek's and george selgin's work free banking theory, decentralized capital supplies loans decentralized stablecoin known boreals and provides modern day banking services those who are underserved the current system. the boreal backed combination debt from loans and dapp endorsement, bringing price stability that par with existing fiat options. traders idex can utilize the boreal payment for trading fees stable base currency, ensuring that there demand for boreals early within the ethereum ecosystem. table contents aurora.......................................................................................................................................................... decentralized capital .................................................................................................................................... boreals ................................................................................................................................................. ... boreal loans ................................................................................................................................................... ... demand for loan repayment .......................................................................................................................... ... buying and redeeming boreals ........................................................................................................................ setting the target value ....................................................................................................................... early bank implementation .................................................................................................................. idex ............................................................................................................................................................. idex specification ................................................................................................................................. idex fees boreals.............................................................................................................................. jumpstarting currency.................................................................................................................. building the base .......................................................................................................................................... partnering with dapps accept boreals ....................................................................................................... why blockchain?.................................................................................................................................... aura token................................................................................................................................................. aura token details ...................................................................................................................................... market maker reward program ................................................................................................................... membership sale (idxm) ............................................................................................................................... use funds ............................................................................................................................................... development timeline ...................................................................................................................... team ............................................................................................................................................................. the status quo ....................................................................................................................................... the current model and the role central banks ....................................................................................... the value the dollar .......................................................................................................................... misaligned incentives .................................................................................................................................. free banking ........................................................................................................................................... market driven alternative ....................................................................................................................... history free banking ............................................................................................................................ how got here ....................................................................................................................................... aurora aurora collection ethereum applications that together create decentralized banking and finance platform. inspired free banking, aurora provides customers with advanced, open, and stable financial network available all over the world. aurora's own stable currency, the boreal, backed combination debt and retailer endorsement and made available customers via loans. traders idex, the network's decentralized smart contract exchange, can utilize the boreal payment for trading fees stable base currency. decentralized capital decentralized capital decentralized bank that provides loans customers the form new stablecoin, boreals. demand for boreals generated due its stable value and use loan repayment. decentralized capital will engage number other different activities analogous open market operations with the ultimate goal boreal price stability, and secondary goal profit maximization. decentralized capital will expand the supply boreals slowly over time. the beginning boreals will backed the ether that used buy them. the components required run the bank are computationally heavy and such are not suited for operating blockchain. the majority the infrastructure for decentralized capital's crypto-banking will therefore reside off chain. boreals boreals (brl) price-stable decentralized cryptocurrency built the ethereum blockchain. brl supply carefully managed decentralized capital order match with demand and maintain price stability, originally assessed keeping parity with usd, and over time transitioning basket goods and commodities. boreals are backed combination debt and retailer endorsement. ... boreal loans boreal borrowers must first apply through decentralized capital and are subject background and credit check. once approved the borrower issued their boreals, well provided with repayment schedule. the borrower can then use the boreals directly purchase products and services the ethereum network sell them the open market for another cryptocurrency. the bank will assess credit worthiness through all available data. identity services such uport and repsys will serve proxy borrower's trustworthiness. previous loan history, kyc attestations, etc. will allow the bank build accurate profile the user. other less typical credit indicators, such professional skills and work experience, can also used, provided this information tied the individual's on-chain identity. many different criteria will inform creditworthiness, and there one size fits all. borrowers have the option take new loan that uncollateralized, collateralize loan providing cryptocurrency the bank. collateralized loans will have lower interest rates the existence collateral lowers the risk the bank. the collateral can the form high quality erc ethereum tokens. the event default the collateral will sold and the customer's credit history will updated reflect the default, resulting lower credit score and stricter lending standards the future. ... demand for loan repayment the loan system not only serves method for distributing boreals, but also the core driver demand ensure that boreals maintain value floor. every loan, both principal and interest, must repaid boreals. borrowers will purchase these boreals the open market from the bank order repay these debts. whenever the price boreals falls below its target value, borrowers are incentivized buy the cheaper currency this represents opportunity reduce the overall cost their loan. decentralized capital will provide software tool help borrowers manage this process. decentralized capital opens the doors many possibilities acting the central piece the aurora ecosystem. the combination uport, risk algorithms and decentralized network allow for unbiased autonomous credit system that accessible customers worldwide. users build their uport profile with attestations, decentralized capital will able operate more accurately, which will result those with good credit having access better rates than possible the traditional banking system. decentralized capital also opens wider customer base including those who need immediate crypto loan, small amount cryptocurrency begin using other ethereum products and services. ... buying and redeeming boreals exchange markets the majority boreal purchases will occur open market exchanges. users with new boreal loans may sell those boreals order convert into another currency. existing borrowers will purchase these boreals order repay outstanding loans. the fact that all loans, both principal and interest, must repaid boreals will ensure that there upward pressure the boreals price. direct purchases demand ever outstrips supply, consumers/borrowers can purchase new boreals directly from decentralized capital par value plus transaction fee. this guarantees that borrowers can always repurchase the necessary assets for repayment reasonable rate, well provides additional source profit for the bank. direct purchases also allow anyone move large amounts funds into boreals without the slippage that would arise from making large purchase exchange. all ether that used purchase boreals from the bank added the pool reserves. setting the target value boreals are required cover fees and repay loans the bank, and such decentralized capital has the privilege setting the official target value that will accept for boreals. launch the boreal target price will set equal usd. decentralized capital will research different models stability targets and engage with economic experts design system such that boreals neither gain nor lose value. this will create currency that maintains its purchasing power over time and completely immune from inflation. early bank implementation included the aurora mvp client early iteration decentralized capital. users can deposit ether and return receive boreals the rate usd per boreal, plus applicable fees. these boreals serve multiple purposes early on: pay fees idex discount, stable value trade against volatile ethereum assets, store value and hedge against cryptocurrency price decline. users can also redeem boreals for ether directly from the decentralized capital interface. operating limited fashion will enable collect real data about the demand for privately managed stablecoin and learn how best match supply with demand. the early stages expected that boreals will fluctuate within specific price range; during this period we'll optimize maintaining price stability idex. decentralized capital will analyze usage data such the amount boreals used for fee payments, the amount used stable value trades, the amount held long term stable value, and the overall velocity assess and understand demand. this information will inform when decentralized capital enables disables purchases boreals, with the goal matching the supply the demand. total boreal supply will limited and expanded conservatively with respect the demand. the supply ever expands too far above the demand, decentralized capital will utilize idex remove boreals from the market when they are used pay trade fees. data garnered from this early implementation will used guide further development the bank prior adding lending the list provided services. idex international distributed ethereum exchange (idex) decentralized high throughput exchange network which built into the aurora client. idex composed combination ethereum contracts and shared database that matches trades and manages the order transaction queue. revenue from this exchange network shared equally between the bank and network participants running the aurora client. fees idex may paid boreals slight discount, providing boreals with immediate use case and helping establish them reputable stablecoin. idex specification idex provides real-time, high-throughput trading experience conjunction with blockchain based execution and settlement. users can trade continuously without waiting for transactions mine, fill multiple orders once, and cancel orders immediately and without gas costs. idex composed centralized trading engine and decentralized ethereum smart contracts. the trading engine hosts the off-chain balances and orderbook, matches trades, and manages the queue pending transactions, while the ethereum smart contract stores all assets and manages trade execution and settlement. separating trade matching from on-blockchain settlement, idex combines the speed and user experience centralized exchanges with the security and auditability decentralized exchanges. the first iteration idex semi-decentralized; the trading interface run locally the end user, while aurora labs manages the server responsible for matching and settling trades. the current architecture captured the following graphic: figure idex transaction process the maker and taker deposit their tokens into the idex contract. the idex database updated include the customer addresses and token balances. maker creates and submits signed order that includes the relevant trade data. idex confirms that the maker's account has sufficient funds and that the signed transaction matches what was submitted idex. all checks part pass, the order added the orderbook. the taker submits matching order, signing transaction with the same price the target order and amount less than equal it. idex confirms that the maker's account has sufficient funds and that the signed transaction matches what was submitted idex. all checks part pass, the trade marked matched and the orderbook updated. the idex database updated reflect the new balances, and both traders can continue make new trades based these updates. simultaneously, the signed order added the queue broadcast the ethereum network for processing. after all dependent trades have mined, the transaction dispatched the blockchain. the transaction mined and the contract balances update reflect the trade. once the transaction has mined, the maker and taker are able withdraw their funds. the fully decentralized version idex will incorporated into the aurora client. traders can use the client for transactions without requiring any further effort support the network. idex fees boreals help generate demand for boreals early idex will provide trade fee discount those who pay using the stable currency. users who wish must first deposit their boreals the trade fee wallet and transfer them into trade fee credit (deposited boreals cannot withdrawn). when initiating trade, idex first checks the customer's trade fee wallet for boreals before taking the trade fee from the traded asset. jumpstarting currency currencies are their own form network. success requires group consumers and businesses that value the asset and are willing use medium exchange. like any network grows more valuable you add more participants. however also suffers from the "cold start" problem, the difficulty building core user base when the product's usefulness function the size the network. aurora taking measured approach launch and nurture the boreal help overcome these challenges. building the base before businesses are willing accept boreals payment, there must demand from consumers use them. the historically deflationary nature cryptocurrencies has killed almost all incentive spend them. thousands businesses were onboarded platforms that would allow them accept bitcoin, but one wants pay with asset that may more valuable few days later. the stability boreals therefore the prime factor attracting customers interested using the boreal currency. single user utility this common solution the cold start problem. it's impossible launch network this scale overnight, it's important that early individual users realize benefit possessing and spending boreals. this value comes the form discounted transaction fees idex. all traders are incentivized purchase and hold limited amount boreals order increase the profitability their trading activities, even they are the only one doing so. network density another critical component the early stage network density. beginning with tight knit group users creates the many connections necessary for healthy network. popular examples include launching facebook harvard before slowly expanding other universities, using sxsw for the genesis twitter. narrow but deep user group self-sustaining and can slowly grow over time. the cryptocurrency community the ideal launch pad for the boreal. crypto users are need stable, blockchain-based asset trade against hedge with. the lack stability other crypto currencies has been large deterrent from wider adoption and economic activity. crypto users are inherently forward thinking, and generally more open minded and willing experiment with new forms economic incentives and financial structures. proving out the use case and viability privately managed currency this space will provide the proof needed before slowly transitioning the boreal different target demographics. partnering with dapps accept boreals far our discussion has focused generating demand for boreals from the consumer side, ensuring that customers who possess boreals can sell them any time for fair value. good currency should also accepted variety retailers that customers have place spend directly. help facilitate this aurora will partner with other dapps who agree accept boreals their target value lieu other forms payment. profit sharing proportional use each platform will incentivize dapp operators participate, and the more boreal denominated transactions the more profits are earned. every onboarded dapp will further strengthen the stability boreals, the currency becomes way backed the dapp's own profitability and success. more and more dapps back boreals and the market potential use cases grows, will demand for the currency. combined with prudent loan program and open market operations idex, aurora will balance supply with increases and decreases demand. dapp backing will serve additional mechanism encourage the public purchase boreals any time they fall below the target value. for heavy consumer partner dapps makes sense purchase boreals whenever they fall below the target value and lower the cost usage. the more dapps that partner with aurora and the more recurring customers they have, the stronger this effect will be. why blockchain? blockchain based system will provide aurora with some unique properties that make ideal for implementing free banking platform. counterfeit protection all previous free banking systems utilized physical currency, and resources had spent prevent counterfeiting. blockchain eliminates this risk, only decentralized capital can mint authentic boreal assets. low distribution costs blockchain assets can sent anywhere the world for fractions penny. this makes easier for aurora distribute the currency and for consumers and businesses spend it. auditability blockchain provides immutable record transaction history. this information allows consumers assess the health the ecosystem analyzing the supply and demand for boreals. the aurora foundation can combine this information with other metrics such velocity refine the design decentralized capital help manage the supply and reserve ratios. lastly, the ethereum blockchain the ideal platform build due the experimental nature the community. most consumers outside cryptocurrency enthusiasts won't immediately understand interested using distributed stablecoin, making much harder gain customers and adoption. the other hand, cryptocurrency users have long sought create such product, and boreals represents novel and viable option. these users are skeptical the current banking ecosystem that dominated central banks and will immediately understand the value creating private banking system. aura token all fees from idex are remitted the aurora reserves. the reserves grow aurora can increase the value outstanding loans, generating additional revenue for the aurora network. fees from the aurora banking system will then flow back those who stake the aura token and provide the economic foundation that holds aurora together. aurora has its own native network token, aura, that aligns the interests aurora users and operators. all the revenue from aurora used compensate those who stake their aura and provide security for the aurora network. aura staking aligns the economic interests the operators with the health the network, and makes extremely costly for any would attacker disrupt operations. aura token details supply: ,,, will used help accelerate adoption the aurora network. the total amount aura tokens, will used help subsidize the growth aurora distributing aura users and community members through programs such market maker rewards, marketing campaigns, and air drops. the remaining will given out proportionally individuals who purchase idex memberships. the remaining aura will used follows: founding team future employee token pool future use businesses expenses market maker reward program aurora implementing crypto rewards program, enabled the aura token, encourage the creation limit orders idex. this program designed jump-start exchange usage and encourage the growth liquid order books. traders who execute orders any idex market are eligible receive aura token grants. the total aura token supply will distributed the community via this grant program rate one percent the total remaining reward tokens per month. with each additional month the number aura rewards will slightly reduced, providing incentive for market makers join early and ensuring that the rewards program can continue indefinitely. traders will receive aura proportional the fees they spend their orders. for example, three traders trade during one month period with trader paying eth fees, trader paying eth fees and trader paying eth fees, they will receive and the total aura distributed that month respectively. membership sale (idxm) idxm crypto membership that entitles the holder free discounted trades idex until the year idxm also provides members with accrual rate idex's market making rewards program for life. each idxm purchase the token sale also granted the owner aura per idxm the aura airdrop. total idxm exist, and aurora labs sold the launch the idex mvp. each full idxm idxm) entitles the token holder the membership rewards. idxm divisible decimal places, and membership rewards are applied pro rata basis. additional idxm above one grants further membership benefits including both trade discounts and aura reward multipliers. the benefits are the same whether user owns one five idxm. idxm members are able choose from the following membership benefits: free trades and aura rewards market making rewards and full trade fees proportional mix both membership benefits are function both the amount idxm held the member and the choice rewards. membership benefits not increase for any holdings above one full membership. members can view and set their benefit choices using the benefits tab the exchange. fig. idxm benefits allocation the rewards multiplier and fee discount are represented the following formulas: fee discount percentage (idxm) rewards multiplier idxm) (idxm rewards percentage; values range from zero, all fee discount, one, all rewards multiplier idxm number active idxm held; capped one holding more than one active idxm for example: joe has idxm joe sets his reward percentage he'll pay trade fees and does not participate aura rewards joe sets his reward percentage he'll pay the trade fees and receive market making rewards joe sets his reward percentage he'll pay the trade fees and receive market making rewards jane has idxm jane sets her rewards percentage she'll pay the trade fees and does not participate aura rewards jane sets her rewards percentage she'll pay the trade fees and receive market making rewards standard rewards membership rewards) jane sets her rewards percentage she'll pay the trade fees and receive market making rewards (.x standard rewards (.*.=.x) membership rewards) use funds the revenue from selling memberships will used further expand idex capabilities and lay the foundation for the aurora network. the immediate priority expanding the team four into team around adding least four more developers the team. the anticipated use funds follows: development expenses contributions allocated for development expenses will utilized cover all costs associated with the further development idex, the boreal and the aurora network. this includes improvements and security audits for the existing network, and the launch the decentralized aurora platform. operational expenses contributions allocated for operational expenses will utilized cover costs associated with accounting, business development, community management, people operations, recruiting, support, and other administrative tasks. marketing expenses contributions allocated for marketing expenses will utilized cover costs associated with the promotion idex, the aurora project and the boreal stable currency. legal expenses contributions allocated for legal expenses will cover any legal costs associated with the establishment and operation the aurora project entity and any unforeseen legal costs necessary address issues that could threaten the success the aurora project. development timeline the semi-decentralized implementation idex launched the mainnet early october idex launch the mainnet. semi-decentralized architecture consists ethereum smart contract plus central trading engine and transaction arbiter. october api integration. opening the platform via api access has enabled the development trading bots, increasing liquidity and improving market efficiency. december idxm membership sale starts january aura airdrop idxm holders boreals deployed production deploy childchain architecture, allowing idex increase transaction throughput. margin trading support. including this functionality the protocol will put the par with existing centralized exchanges. team have qualified team with healthy mix business and development experience. alex wearn ceo (https://www.linkedin.com/in/alexwearn/) alex expert leading teams the design and delivery software products. has managed wide range operations, marketing, and sales analytics products for amazon, adobe, and ibm. alex graduate the kellogg mmm program, dual mba finance and operations and design and innovation. phil wearn coo (https://www.linkedin.com/in/philwearn/) phil co-founder etherex and has been building blockchain based companies since the time when ethereum was little more than white paper. while developing etherex identified the pressing need for high performance decentralized exchange protocol, insight which served the basis for idex. phil has background aerospace engineering. jason ahmad cto (https://www.linkedin.com/in/jason-ahmad/) jason has spent his career leading product and engineering teams the creation world class software. two-time venture backed founder, his last company, epoxy, was successfully acquired stanford graduate, jason brings his expertise and knowledge lead the engineering team aurora. brian fernalld product (https://www.linkedin.com/in/brianfernalld/) brian full stack developer with over years experience startups. addition engineering, brian has worked for many years the fields blockchain technology, product management, marketing, and design. brian uses his passion for fintech and blockchain technology build the best user experiences possible. supplemental information the status quo modern financial systems have enabled rapid economic expansion and improved the lives billions around the world. however, the fundamental design the system has led unreasonable concentration wealth and power the hands those who manage it. financial crises are matter when, not if, and third world countries have not experienced nearly the same benefits those the first world. many these issues stem from the fact that currency issuance and large monopolized national governments, entities that are inherently biased towards decisions that support the health their own economy. these decisions have the side effect picking winners and losers the financial markets, and doing leave the governing bodies open for corruption and political influence. most importantly this abuse ultimately undermines the stability the national currency, enriching those power the expense currency holders. the current model and the role central banks most the largest economies have converged similar model, that state sponsored central bank. the most prominent these the central bank, the federal reserve. the fed and others act bank for commercial banks and the government. the "banker's bank" the fed provides services financial institutions the same way that commercial banks provide services individuals, e.g. executing transfers from one bank another. this includes acting the "lender last resort," providing troubled commercials banks with short-term loans when the risk insolvency prevents them from securing loans from other commercial banks. the fed also acts the bank the government, handling all tax revenue and outgoing government payments. included these services the fed sells government securities such treasury bills, notes, and bonds various forms government debt with different maturity dates. the most important task the fed managing the supply dollars through process known monetary policy. the goals this policy are sustainable economic growth, full employment, and stable prices. through monetary policy the fed and other central banks attempt "tweak" the economy the right levels. for example, the economy showing signs slowing growth, the fed may determine that it's best lower interest rates. interest rates decline more individuals and businesses are willing borrow finance investments, purchases, other forms financial activity, increasing overall spending the economy. however, previously mentioned, the fed only banks the national government and large commercial banks, and does not lend directly businesses and consumers. the fed must therefore pursue policy goals through these other entities using specific set tools designed influence the lending decisions commercial banks. the fed achieves this ensuring banks have more cash than they need, excess reserves above the amount banks are required hold law. banks then lend this excess cash businesses and consumers for use investment, wages, purchase goods and services. central banks like the fed have three main tools affect the money supply: open market operations the fed constantly buying and selling government securities financial markets. buying government securities replaces those assets the commercial bank's balance sheet with cash. the bank now has excess reserves and incentivized loan them out customers, and order attract new customers they must lower interest rates. open market transactions directly influence the level reserves the banking system, which turn affects the amount and cost credit reflected through interest rates. this the most frequently used tool monetary policy. discount rate the discount rate the interest rate that commercial banks pay short-term loans from the fed. the discount rate helps influence the lending policies commercial banks and important signal the market the fed's intentions. reducing the discount rate makes cheaper for commercial banks borrow money from the fed and leads increase available credit and lending activity the economy. reserve requirements the fed mandates that commercial banks hold certain percentage deposits reserve, limiting how much can loaned invested. reserve ratios are typically around though rarely employed, reduction reserve requirements would directly translate into increase excess reserves, reserves which could immediately loaned out customers. the value the dollar what gives the dollar value? many economists will tell you that dollar has value because people accept medium exchange. but people wouldn't accept medium exchange unless they believed has value. this sort circular reasoning not sufficient explanation. alternative understanding that the dollar has value because credit, the expected repayment debts. this manifests itself few different ways: the government exclusively does business the dollar; all purchases the government are made using dollars, and they accept the dollar, and only the dollar, payment for taxes. the economy the largest the world, and necessitating that all citizens pay taxes using its currency ensures there significant demand for dollars. commercial banks are the business using customer deposits investment capital issue loans other businesses and consumers. u.s. financial institutions are required law accept the dollar repayment debt, and are forbidden from accepting any other form currency for the same purpose. these loans are backed businesses, real estate, goods etc. that they were used purchase, essence collateralized the whole the economy. the fed, like any other bank business, has balance sheet that consists assets and liabilities. the liabilities are comprised mostly reserves, the dollar deposits various commercial banks, while the assets consist mostly government debt, more recently mortgage backed securities (mbs). the reserves are effect collateralized the government debt. typically the value the fed's assets remain relatively stable, treasuries are considered one the safest investments the world. the health the fed therefore heavily relies the health and creditworthiness the government. looking from this perspective it's clear how important the economy the success the dollar currency. there's nothing "behind" the dollar except the full faith and credit the united states government. that's actually quite bit, least until isn't. but, long people believe worth something, will be. and long the u.s. government requires all taxes and fees due paid dollars, and the american people are paying their taxes, will least have that much value. summary, each country has central bank which issuing currency and backing with the debt their government, or, more recent times, financial instruments created their own commercial banks. the commercial banks loan this currency businesses and consumers for use capital investments, payment wages, consumer purchases, etc. the result interrelated web, one full systematic risk. the value treasuries, and therefore the fed's assets, depends the perception the government's ability repay, ability which function tax revenue and correlates with the performance the economy. the commercial banks' health tied its ability collect outstanding liabilities and also function the economy, economic downturns lead higher default rates. the strength the currency international markets therefore dependent the strength the underlying economy, and each central bank will everything they can use their power further the economic interests their state and government. misaligned incentives why does this matter? the architecture results concentration power and misaligned incentives which lead market distortions and corruption. lender last resort, the fed will assist commercial banks who get into trouble terms their financial solvency. traditionally this has meant providing emergency loans, however during the latest financial crisis the fed went far issue new reserves and use them purchase financial assets mortgage backed securities (mbs) from troubled companies. this amounts backing reserves with low-quality loans created the private sector. issuing new reserves purchase government debt doesn't increase the existing deficit, it's like taking money from your left pocket and moving the right pocket. however, now the fed using lower quality financial assets collateral, increasing the risk associated with central bank insolvency. these decisions from the fed makes perfect sense based their stated goals; bankruptcies the financial industry can have widespread impact, and the actions did appear stop the problem for the time being. unfortunately it's now been made clear commercial banks that they can lend recklessly and invest riskier assets, aiming for outsized returns but knowing that they fail the losses will socialized and passed taxpayers. it's created the infamous "too big fail" institutions, ones that are intertwined with the economy that bankers and politicians believe they must protected all costs. they aren't wrong concerned; these institutions were allowed collapse would have terrible impact the economy and world economy. but had they been initially allowed fail when they made reckless lending decisions, banks would forced more conservative both the amount reserves they hold and the quality their loans, reducing the risk the system without tax-payer funded guarantee. central bank policy also subject political influence. central bankers are tasked with acting independently, but the fed governors are appointed their position the president. their decisions have huge impact the economy, and thereby the popularity the president's administration, it's only natural that there will some pressure act certain way. richard nixon famously said his speech appointing arthur burns fed chair respect his independence. however, hope that independently will conclude that views are the ones that should followed." there additional pressure from private enterprise, central bank policy also distorts the decisions other investors the market. investors carefully watch the fed and other central banks for signs what their next move will regarding interest rate targets. correct investment decision can become the wrong one monetary policy isn't properly accounted for. classic example this the "greenspan put", term that arose when the fed lowered interest rates following the collapse large financial institution. unsurprisingly investors reacted borrowing more heavily and investing securities, helping prop the equities market. additional side effect the temptation for governments use their central banks fund government debt, process known seniorage. the central bank can issue new currency and use buy government bonds, after which the government can use the additional cash finance whatever programs are place. additional benefit seniorage that the resulting inflation reduces the cost existing debt, the debt denominated its own currency. the government fortunate that the dollar the world reserve currency, and result able this without too much consequence. other countries such argentina, venezuela, most infamously zimbabwe have not been lucky. their monetary policy decisions the past led rapid expansion the money supply and runaway inflation, and ultimately situation where other countries longer believe they can repay their debts. the results for the citizens those countries was many years recession and economic depression. free banking free banking alternative the state sponsored and supported financial system that prevalent today. free banking rooted the belief that private actors can provide better, more stable currency than that provided governments. market driven alternative free market, firms who provide better products and services win out over inferior options, consumers switch their demand the superior offering. similarly, free banking individual banks create and maintain their own currency, and consumers are free pick the currency that best suits their needs from set competing offerings. debtors, including most governments, will prefer inflationary currency reduces the cost loan repayment, while lenders and savers will prefer deflationary one. given these competing priorities it's reasonable conclude that market participants will gravitate towards currencies that best maintain stable value. free banking system allows for private enterprises match currency supply with demand. macro and seasonal business cycles influence the amount currency required support all economic activity. the supply currency should expand and contract order match these changes demand. this coordinated movement ensures that the value the currency remains stable relative broader market prices. countries and time periods where supply rapidly outstrips demand, currency holders experience inflating prices and rapid devaluation the currency. additionally free banking system can eliminate the moral hazard created central banks operating lender last resort. free banking each bank responsible for its own solvency and required hold adequate reserves ensure able meet all the withdrawal demand. bank unable meet demand must secure additional funding through other banks private investors else risk insolvency. sound banks are able find lenders and increase their reserves without issue, while reckless banks those with too much risk will collapse. consumers must more diligent understand the risk profile their financial institutions, and any negligence the part the bank its depositors will lead more localized failure. free banking not reserve model. consumers wanted business just hold their funds for safe keeping they would have pay for the service, and that becomes more like storage facility. banks are the business allocating unused capital; they pay depositors interest encourage them deposit idle funds, and loan invest those deposits other parts the economy. however, when properly managed, banks increase financial opportunity and allow all actors participate the economy and share its growth. history free banking free banking has strong track record countries and time periods where was allowed flourish, prime example being england during the late one point the system was successful that the citizens england preferred private coins over those provided the bank england. the private coins were more widely circulated, particular the industrial areas northern england, and contained more intricate designs that helped combat counterfeiting. argued that the beginning the industrial revolution england would not have been possible without private issuers coins. their success eventually led the english government outlawing the private minting coins, killing the industry that was sure make them obsolete. the story similar the us, where mounting regulations inhibited the operations banks, generating crises which eventually begot more control and regulation. early commercial banks were prohibited from creating branch banks, limiting their operations single physical location; this eliminated their ability diversify, and ensured that any local economic hardship impacted bank solvency. also made difficult move currency supply areas with greater demand, leading supply shortages during periods high demand such harvest season. during the civil war, the government imposed costly tax state chartered banks for issuing currency, effectively revoking their ability so. simultaneously the government created national banks, new type bank under federal charter, which were exempt from the tax for printing currency, provided that the reserves were held government bonds. was clever way fund the war, but has the unintended consequence tying currency supply the level government debt. after the war the currency supply shrank the government serviced its debt, leading supply shocks and financial crises that served justification for further expansion federal control and regulation. during this time period important counter example was unfolding just north canada. canadian banks were relatively uninhibited their currency issuance; they were chartered the government, creating barrier entry, but outside that practiced what we've outlined free banking. each bank was able print their own currency and match supply with demand they saw fit, addition practicing branch banking which allowed them diversify geographically. over the same year period that saw half all usd removed from circulation, canada's money supply resembled that saw tooth pattern. during agricultural harvests the demand for currency increased was needed for trading goods that were coming market. after the harvest season was over the demand fell, and the banks removed currency from circulation absorb the reduction demand. the system decentralized banks using local knowledge and flexibility meet currency demand was far superior that the us's system. figure canada outstanding bank notes how got here banks and currency began private endeavor, agreements between different consumers and businesses how trade goods and settle debts. over time this industry came controlled and regulated government entities, originally monarchs and emperors, and eventually through the central banking model that most prevalent today. this transition occurred under the guise protection and stability; reality the world's second central bank, the bank england, came about when the crown granted them exclusive charter return for loan wage war against france. first the bank england was competing against other banks. over time, through more government intervention and favoritism, control the currency supply was granted solely the bank england. the english central bank model has since become the central banking model used around the world, leading the modern standard where currency production almost exclusively right the state. believe that the solution fixing modern banking increase transparency and eliminate the favoritism that allows individuals and institutions act recklessly and without recourse. want give consumers visibility into the health the bank and opportunity vote with their wallet. further reading https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wxq-w_dlic http://oll.libertyfund.org/titles/selgin-the-theory-of-free-banking-money-supply-under-competitivenote-issue https://mises.org/library/denationalisation-money-argument-refined