"making the internet more free and accessible for authors and readers" step towards decentralization the internet introduction there are disputes about the fact that the internet has changed the very essence how work done various elds; writing and reading are exceptions this. the replacement traditional brick and mortar bookstores with online markets and books with ebooks has not only revolutionized the publishing industry, but has also greatly ected the readers and writers. however, like all the other areas, some problems surfaced during the initial phase the internet takeover well. for example, the disappearance bookstores led increased competition get bookshelf space and also made hard for new authors discovered the readers. while these problems were solved various applications and platforms emerged and people became pro cient internet usage, new problem surfaced. this was the 'centralization the internet'. example this centralization the fact that majority the communication that takes place the internet controlled handful corporations that are known 'internet giants' and the governments. this means all your activity can easily traced and hence, your privacy compromised. this against the original purpose the internet and the world wide web, which was develop neutral network that could used for the betterment humanity and would allow every user equally participate it. while this original vision was lost after short time during what called the rst 'dotcom' bubble, attempt collect, hold and monetize the information, orts have been going lately, regain the long lost vision. these are known orts build 'decentralized internet'. what does de-centralized internet envision? the de-centralized internet envisions giving the power back the internet users. aims create world where the internet not controlled organizations, where internet users will not have compromise their privacy gain access information, able search, communicate, use social networks, make money and receive various services, such publishing. instead, they will provided modern technologies. the decentralization model based the idea that the responsibility for operation services shared. ethereum platforms the future internet although ethereum technology still its nascent phase, considered the future the internet because based upon the very principles internet decentralization. what ethereum? mentioned earlier, ethereum decentralized platform that functions just the way programmed. explained the developers themselves, this means that the applications are run without interference third parties, censorship, downtime fraud. program the applications, customized blockchains, digital public and distributed ledgers that record every transaction made using crypto-currency, are created. the inspiration for developing ethereum was taken from the bitcoin blockchain. but, vitalik buterin, creator ethereum, took the concept whole new level expanding and generalizing that can used run apps, websites, and even organizations without relying upon computer servers. also, the emergence ethereum made the development blockchain applications quite easy. more requires one have immense knowledge about expert mathematics, coding, cryptography and other associated areas. authorship one such decentralized platform that aims rede the world books connecting authors, translators, publishers and readers single platform. before into the details authorship and how going change the world, better have idea about the current situation book publishing industry and the problems faced the authors. common issues faced authors writing book and getting published not simple may appear many people. addition dealing with the writer's block, lack productivity, occasional emotional breakdowns and compromised lifestyle during the book writing process, the writer has lot more deal with even after he/she has completed writing book. these include: getting the book published ever since the emergence publishing technology, publishers have been serving the intermediary role between the authors and readers. bridge that helps authors making their thoughts and ideas readable making them reach the targeted audience. but, like many other elds and industries, publishing industry also challenged the digital revolution and has profoundly ected the growth and development publishing industry, over time. publishing, its core, about dissemination thoughts and ideas and this why had been considered the ection basic democratic ideal i.e. free thought, for long period time. but, the idea was challenged and publishing industry was thought lose its very essence pro earning became the key concern publishers. this posed many challenges the authors the criteria for getting their work published changed. publishing houses formulated their own policies, based the idea making much money possible, about the kind work the authors they would publish. rather than publishers competing for the production and distribution author's work purely the basis quality, authors were forced concede with publishers' demands, including the high costs publishing. result, the gap between the publisher's business interests and the author's objectives continued widen however, over time, this negatively ected the business books and lead the emergence the risk publishing without the need publishers. digital revolution brought drastic changes the book industry, changing the readers' habits only one them. also resulted the disappearance large numbers bookstores throughout the world. publishing industry received major setback the traditional books started being replaced their paperless versions. present, the book publishing industry facing multiple new challenges, mainly due the rapid growth digital technology. the processes and methods production and distribution have been rede ned, unlimited access all types content can easily obtained and the formats and media have been dematerialized, name few. with the declining traditional role publisher, the industry crisis that highly likely worsen not addressed. distribution there was time when independent booksellers were taken over the bookstore chains because the lower distribution costs associated with the latter. that did not turn out everlasting though. the emergence online retailers, along with the digital revolution, soon tempered the growth those booksellers. with e-books and e-readers came digital distribution. however, has been found out that despite the large numbers e-books and e-readers, there still huge demand for traditional books. but, they are not readily available anymore, many parts the world. poor distribution one the barriers selling traditional books. while major retailers have been playing role books distribution process, they usually stock only the best authors and the best sellers make sure they are being sold quickly. this has created huge problems for the authors, particularly for the new ones they lack channels make their books accessible. being discovered readers (in case new writers) discoverability has become huge concern for new writers ever since the disappearance local retailers. since they used stock large variety books and not focused best sellers only, they were the major channel through which readers found out about the new authors and books. local retailers also played great role promoting local authors. the employees the bookstores used introduce and even suggest readers the books they did not know about. the shelf space shrank with the disappearance local retailers, the discovery new authors and books became challenge not only for the publishers, but for authors and readers well. many people's dismay, the problem was not resolved even after the digital revolution took over the book industry. discoverability still relevant issue was prior the advent the information technology. easy accessibility the internet has resulted information overload and increased competition. gain the attention online readers and being discovered among hundreds thousands writers and books require erent set marketing strategies. the need for discovery that has given birth whole new eld i.e. search engine optimization (seo). while publishers have been experimenting with various techniques resolve the discoverability issue, they have yet come with fool proof strategy. getting customers the fear selling throughout the publishing and distribution process, one the fears that linger the author's mind the 'fear selling'. this fear selling associated with many other fears; what the book does not get noticed the plethora available books out there? what the author's work fails impress the audience and cannot lead readers purchase the book? what his/ her book cannot generate enough revenue? although the fears are kind natural, particularly case new authors, dealing with them nerve-wracking. dealing with the ever increasing competition new authors are continuously making their way into the book industry and they have always had. but, the competition was never intense today. this mainly due the high dominance information technology. interconnecting the world, has increased the reach authors; those who were once only known the local people are now read and appreciated all over the world. the same time, has also widened and intensi the competition. authors that only had compete and well the local markets now have make their way through large numbers works authors from erent parts the world. deal with this ever increasing competition and gain the readers' attention another great problem for the modern day authors. low earning while traditional book publishing has its perks, one the greatest problems poses the authors the very low amount money they earn from book sales. the publishers keep large share the revenue that being generated form sales and the author merely receives about the net amount. unsold books means even lesser earning the way traditional book publishing industry deals with the unsold books creates huge problem for authors. the conventional industry, all the parties from the publishing the selling book i.e. the publisher, distributor, retailer, and wholesaler, have the right return all the unsold books the author, even months later. return, they get full refund that being deducted from the author's share revenue. the long process from publication the launch another problem for authors deal with the long time the traditional book publishing industry takes from reading the manuscript book accepting for publishing, from publication distribution and then nally releasing the book for sale. the whole process usually takes somewhere around months; this can really frustrating for many authors. summation all the problems and challenges authors face, mainly the traditional book publishing industry, make book publishing highly tiresome and less fruitful (at least materially) task. the drawbacks the industry have made people question its relevance and even existence future. are truly near the end the traditional book publishing? not entirely perhaps, but expected that the emergence new technologies, platforms and channels surely going change the book publishing industry. authorship readers and writers paradise being author does not solely mean working days and nights solitude put your ideas paper, never worked that way. but, the rapidly changing scenario after the digital revolution, authors have started taking more roles than ever. they have started taking charge their work, have become more active participating conferences, workshops, trainings, readers and writer's groups, and have also started ensure their online presence. however, the problems with regard conventional book publishing are still unresolved largely. despite the challenges and drawbacks and seeing the old structures and procedures falling apart, large numbers authors are forced rely the industry mainly because they not have any alternative available. although the advent and increasing popularity paperless e-books have made some people question the future publishing industry, are still come with better and apposite alternative. "authorship" aims this very gap. although still idea that needs pursued and put into practice, authorship has the potential transform the book industry. what authorship? "authorship" website platform that going developed the basis the idea decentralization the internet and for this purpose the platform will make use 'ethereum'. with the aim providing platform authors, readers, publishers and even translators where they cannot only interact, but can also and avail services, authorship going rede the book industry. will allow authors take charge their work and the publishing process, get their works shared with large numbers readers across the world and also make money monthly basis. look into the functioning the decentralized platform mentioned earlier, authorship going developed using the ethereum platform; one the most fascinating and exciting experiments the internet that ful the wide held dream decentralizing the internet. authorship aims simplify the book publishing process giving all the authorities the author. when author publishes book the platform, he/she enjoys all the rights and does not have comply with the complex policies publishers, worry about the distribution share the major chunk royalties with the publishing company. also, aims guaranteed monthly payments the rst authors that will register the website platform. the platform will run using virtual currency called "ats tokens" (authorship tokens). total million tokens will issued. the tokens will reserved for the rst authors whereas the remaining will distributed among the investors. the reserved will distributed among the authors monthly basis, after predetermined schedule. addition this, will allow authors publish their books for free and still earn the tokens. this will made possible publishing advertisements the authorship's reading apps. get their products and/or services publicized, advertisers will required buy tokens. these tokens will then added the collection reserved for authors. addition helping authors getting their works published and being sold across the world, authorship will platform for readers, publishers and translators well. using the real money, readers will buy the ats tokens which they can use purchase both e-books and printed books. when comes getting the hard copies books published, authorship will revolutionize the publishing industry reversing the typical scenario where the authors have option, but compromise money, the publisher takes the most pro get their books published. rather than making authors look for publishing company, the platform will make publishers compete among themselves get the rights for publishing book. whenever reader will order printed book authorship, all the interested publishers the platform will forward their quotes for printing the book and delivering the reader. this will give birth competitive environment where not only the publishers will forced come with more realistic ers (low process), but the authors will also have the option choose the best from variety publishers. authorship will also bring amazing opportunities for all the language experts out there. lot authors want their books translated into one more languages that more and more people, all over the world, can read them. however, many cannot make happen because they have access only limited number translators who usually charge high amounts money for the work. authorship, the authors will connected large numbers translators all over the world, which will ensure competitive prices. the royalty from the sale every translated book will shared the author and the translator. sum up, can easily said that with the aim resolving one the biggest challenges authors face i.e. get their books printed and distributed, create numerous career opportunities for translators, and connect readers with least authors from all over the world, authorship going drastically transform the book industry. also, with its promising features, can easily called the readers and writers' paradise. how will revolutionize the book industry? publishing the conventional book publishing industry, publishers are the most advantageous position. since only the publisher has the infrastructure and resources get the book published and reach the readers, authors are forced comply with their demands, high prices and unjust policies make their work reach large numbers readers. the world authorship, the unjust bene that publishers have been enjoying since very long time will ended. giving the control and charge their work authors' own hands, the platform will force the publishing companies come with fair policies and rates get work and earn money. distribution, discovery and sales while every book seller ready stock the books established and popular authors, those that are not considered 'big names' the industry face huge troubles when comes distribution. mentioned earlier, with the great decrease the numbers traditional brick and mortar local retailers, and the ever increasing competition, the discoverability has become huge problem for new authors. this directly ects the sales their books. the new authorship era, the problem will taken care ensuring that equal opportunities are provided all the authors the platform irrespective the status they enjoy. conclusion digital world that functions without the interference third parties, censorship, downtime fraud dream all have had for long time. "authorship" step towards making this very dream reality. although lot more needs done for complete decentralization the internet, the successful development the website platform will prove the skeptics wrong who believe that this cannot achieved the real world. furthermore, the authorship will rede the book industry. bringing authors, readers, translators and publishers the same platform, will mark the beginning new era where the issues, challenges, and drawbacks the traditional book industry will more present make writing and reading books cult. authorship promises more book friendly future for readers and authors all over the world. also, will create many work opportunities for the publishers and translators well. the website platform one thing that all should look forward and play our part into making reality.