content introduction autonio business model features autonio prototype trading indicators tokens coin distribution roadmap conclusion introduction according recent morgan report all wall street trading volume attributed automated hft and index funds. advanced learning algorithms have largely been the domain trading banks and hedge funds that use part larger strategy that employs variety trading tactics. their types models react split second changes relationships between different markets. the spoils the banks with the fastest models and the fastest execution that can take advantage short term transient market inefficiencies. because the markets traded are mature, the movements are usually minute, with huge transactions that drive correspondingly high profits. the other hand, cryptocurrencies are the brave new world trading. the markets are relatively young and still very inefficient. not unusual see bitcoins move single day. addition, due size and potential regulatory conflicts, the cryptocurrency markets are largely shunned established trading houses leaving the field open for dynamic young companies take advantage the opportunities the markets. with market capitalization ballooning (cryptocurrency market capitalization has grown from $.bn $.bn the past year with signs slowdown), the time right for dispassionate, selflearning trading engine take advantage environment where less professional and less disciplined traders create many profit opportunities. cryptocurrencies are obviously natural fit for automated trading; the market volatility can hugely profitable using ai-based trading and rapidly gaining popularity. automated trading mainly achieved using scripts that need some coding experience and are devoid gui, through one about half dozen commercial products requiring expensive memberships. crypto trading may not easy and sure-shot thing for everyone. and, therefore introduce autonio. https://www.forbes.com/sites/robisbitts////-numbers-that-really-matter-to-investorsnow/#dcdae autonio business model features the efficacy has already been proven. now have being used range supportive technologies from security medical research, natural disaster prediction and agriculture. deep learning models are utilized predict consumer behavior, traffic flow urban centers, and google's alphago bested world champion lee sedol four out five matches last year, feat that until very recently was considered impossible. autonio the first decentralized ai-powered trading robots that deploys years knowledge gained from wall street's automated high frequency trading (hft) industry making use market indicators analyze cryptocurrency trends order generate buy/sell signals and execute trades. mimicking strategies honed some the biggest players wall street, autonio believes cryptocurrencies are new class assets ripe for conquering with intelligent machine learning algorithms and neural networks. trading bots algorithmic trading technique that uses pre-programmed software that analyzes market actions, such time, price, orders, and volume. within the cryptocurrencytrading arena, trading still its infancy. either requires expensive membership and/or additional coding experience. autonio distinctly different from the existing trading tools like btcrobot, cryptotrader, haasonline, cryptoping, gekko, zenbot, tradewave. http://www.btcrobot.com clickbank sales product, https://cryptoping.te did ico and raised million for providing trading signals sms, and all others are old products with paid subscription model, which charges usd month per user. autonio stands-out tall amongst its competitors several ways: firstly, its easy-to-use gui does not need any coding trading experience. secondly, automatically combines multiple indicators into single clear buy/sell signal and executes the trades high frequency the user decides. make its high speed buy sell decisions, autonio currently integrates indicators that include ema, macd, rsi, bollinger bands, ultimate oscillator, which are subsequently discussed. more indicators are currently under development and will integrated subsequent ico funding. thirdly, the users can personalize and optimize their trading strategies combining the trading indicators maximize their returns. basically users can design their own investment divestment strategies and let autonio the rest their behalf. fourthly, the autonio platform allows users back test each their alternative strategies and chose the one with highest returns. fifthly, the autonio platform publishes official nio trading championship leaderboard that dynamically lists the top trading strategies. leaderboards are not only fun way drive competition among users, but the nio championship leaderboard goes step ahead and makes more exciting and profitable allowing the nio champion strategies bought, sold, leased, traded among the participating traders within decentralized system exchange for nio tokens using smart contracts. thus allowing traders boost their returns using the most profitable strategy designed the expert traders. potential users can get flavor this feature during autonio presale campaign winning bounties for topping the leaderboard. finally, there are still more exciting features and expansion plans that are keeping under wraps for now. expect some major new feature announcement subsequent the ico. nutshell autonio aims bring together the crypto trading community, connecting experts newbie users, and allowing people from diverse backgrounds share their expertise and let the community whole benefit from crypto market volatility. users not only compete with each other the basis the most rewarding trading strategies that hits the top the leaderboard, but they benefit from the strategies the top traders thereby making trading further more exciting and rewarding. furthermore, noted algorithm-trading expert, robot trading not "fire-and-forget" missile. you can't just let run itself for extended periods. when fully developed autonio aims breaks that barrier. autonio prototype trading indicators artificial intelligence has proven its power and advantage recognizing general trends, trading traditional stocks and other time-series analysis tasks. inspired this, focus creating artificial intelligence trade robot that will able predict the course and the trend particular cryptocurrency. particular, apply two types predictive models. the first classification model, which predicts the direction the change: whether going positive, negative constant. the second algorithm forecasting model that will use the input the first one, and will project the price the cryptocurrency. the autonio platform built javascript, php, and ethereum smart contracts for securely connecting the trading ecosystem. right now have bitfinex showcase functional demo product for potential investors back test and see various trading strategies and potential profits they can make with those strategies. bitfinex has about currency pairs and all the pairs are available for users test various trading strategies. new coins when added affiliated exchanges will automatically updated our software. ico investors can actually design their own strategies and check how their returns can optimized. fact pre-ico promotion autonio offer bounties traders who can use autonio top the nio champions leaderboard and win tokens. one hand this will give the investors opportunity get feel autonio platform, and the other hand will provide valuable input for improving the platform. exponential moving average (ema) crossovers exponential moving average (ema) type moving average that similar simple moving average, except that more weight given the latest data. it's also known the exponentially weighted moving average. this type moving average reacts faster recent price changes than simple moving average. the ema indicator popular amongst the forex traders for its visual simplicity. traders can quickly assess the prevailing trend price behavior from the direction the ema. the key points reference are when the ema crosses over the pricing candlesticks another ema. prices are going and crossover occurs, that viewed "buy" signal, and vice-versa. relative strength index (rsi) the relative strength index (rsi) momentum indicator developed noted technical analyst welles wilder that compares the magnitude recent gains and losses over specified time period measure speed and change price movements security. primarily used attempt identify overbought oversold conditions the trading asset. moving average convergence divergence (macd) moving average convergence divergence (macd) trend-following momentum indicator that shows the relationship between two moving averages prices. the macd calculated subtracting the -day exponential moving average (ema) from the -day ema. nine-day ema the macd, called the "signal line", then plotted top the macd, functioning trigger for buy and sell signals. bollinger bands developed famous stock trader john bollinger, bollinger band plotted two standard deviations away from simple moving average. bollinger bands are highly popular technical analysis technique. many traders believe the closer the prices move the upper band, the more overbought the market, and the closer the prices move the lower band, the more oversold the market. autonio's engine follows bollinger's rules for its trading decision. ultimate oscillator technical indicator invented larry williams that uses the weighted average three different time periods reduce the volatility and false transaction signals that are associated with many other indicators that mainly rely single time period. user can use single indicator combination indicators that emit signals based user input easy use gui device the best trading strategies. tokens coin distribution our tokens will standardized erc form, they can easily integrated displayable for any other party who wishes so. all this code will publicly available our repositories and can audited anyone who wishes so. when the nio token sale completes successfully, the nio tokens will enabled for transfer among the members instantly. tokens can pre-purchased through the ico site, earned through series bonus bounty referral programs via the autonio platform. the funds become available autonio under the milestones described under 'project funds release'. promote trust the autonio project and execute successful token sale have established escrow arrangement using ethereum multisig wallet. nio tokens will eventually listed several the cyptocurrency exchanges for trading. ether multisig wallet: will using standard ethereum multisig wallet contract created through the ethereum/mist wallet. we'll use trusted escrow service. use funds: the proceeds the funds raised will used deliver our goal making cryptocurrency trading exciting and profitable users any level experience from novices experts, using advance algorithms, and eventually move crypto trading towards the path decentralized and autonomous system that becomes truly "fire-and-forget" system. this will entail allocating funds the following major categories: human resources: our existing team needs expanded deliver our development roadmap. this will consume the budget. marketing resources: the budget will towards creation marketing resources that include content creation and manpower drive autonio user base and boost brand awareness via appropriate channels. administrative overheads: the budget will cover administration, legal and other operating expenses. token sale period: september nd, cst october cst ticker: nio total supply: nio platform: ethereum hard cap: $,, crowd-sale: nio founding team: nio partners: nio bounty program: nio bonuses september nd, first bonus september bonus october th: bonus october bonus october onwards: bonus ico starts september nd, cst. the sale will continue for one month until october nd, ctc. maximum cap crowdsale $,,. from total supply nio tokens tokens will available pre-sale. nio tokens are reserved for crowdsale. are reserved for the founding team and tokens will used for bounty programs. tokens can purchased with ethereum. all unclaimed tokens will burned, and full report investments and resulting supply tokens will released. will assessing and verifying ico results for week after ends. after that, all investors will able withdraw their tokens their wallets. adding nio exchanges will follow after. the buybacks and token burning will begin the same time. conclusion there are different coins listed different cryptocurrency exchanges. coins that are backed some unique concepts with significant future earning potential are few and far between. the efficiency autonio and the disruptive platform creates making buying, selling leasing trading strategies possible exchange for nio tokens all but ensures its position the market. the interdependence the token and the tech adds huge value nio. although there's way assess make future predictions how cryptocurrency trades future, it's underlying business model, and the importance could good way make fair evaluation. cryptocurrency trading involves many risks, one which making the wrong decision. wrong decisions are mostly coming out human emotions. trading robot, built machine learning algorithm, devoid those human weaknesses, such as, impatience, fear, greed, and latency. the ability execute millions trades per day based the machine-learned intelligence the cryptocurrency market, without the hindrances human emotions, boosts the ability the robot quickly turn around profits from each trade. although, such high-frequency trading (hft) makes tiny bit profit each individual trade, but done thousands times day accumulates above average return the investor. autonio's algorithm also tracks market bugs and system inefficiencies with speeds that beat other trading bots. further will hire quants program advanced trading strategies for our users. currently there nothing that can rival autonio with the function and its ease question. doesn't require expensive monthly payments unlike the inefficient and inconsistent options. works even when you sleep constantly doing its best generate revenues. addition our executive team, expect further increase our team cooperating with the best external experts and consultants the market for legal compliance (blockchain financial market), crowdfunding procedure, general business development, and digital marketing. results day trading btcusd market bitfinex, beating buy and hold market day trading ethusd market bitfinex with autonio beat the market with many quick sharp effective trades. day trading ltc usd market bitfinex with autonio application beat the market day trading etc usd market bitfinex with autonio beat the market even when the general market was crashing during that period disclaimer not offer solicit securities and risks associated with nio token (nio) and the autonio platform: this document for informational purposes only and does not constitute offer solicitation sell shares securities autonio any related associated company. any such offer solicitation will made only means confidential offering memorandum and accordance with the terms all applicable securities and other laws. none the information analyses presented are intended form the basis for any investment decision, and specific recommendations are intended. accordingly this document does not constitute investment advice counsel solicitation for investment any security. this document does not constitute form part of, and should not construed as, any offer for sale subscription of, any invitation offer buy subscribe for, any securities, nor should any part form the basis of, relied any connection with, any contract commitment whatsoever. autonio expressly disclaims any and all responsibility for any direct consequential loss damage any kind whatsoever arising directly indirectly from: (i) reliance any information contained this document, (ii) any error, omission inaccuracy any such information (iii) any action resulting therefrom. risk disclosures autonio token, "nio", cryptographic token used the autonio network. nio not cryptocurrency. the time this writing, nio (i) cannot exchanged for goods services, (ii) has known uses outside the autonio network, and (iii) cannot traded any known exchanges. nio not investment. there guarantee-indeed there reason believe-that the nio you purchase will increase value. may and probably will some pointdecrease value. those who not actually use their nio honestly and fairly will lose their nio those who do. nio not evidence ownership right control. controlling nio does not grant its controller ownership equity autonio, the autonio network. nio does not grant any right participate the control the direction decision-making autonio the autonio network. risk losing access nio due loss credentials: the purchaser's nio may associated with autonio account until they are distributed the purchaser. the autonio account can only accessed with login credentials selected the purchaser. the loss these credentials will result the loss nio. best practices dictate that purchasers safely store credentials one more backup locations geographically separated from the working location. risks associated with the ethereum protocol nio and the autonio network are based upon the ethereum protocol. such, any malfunction, unintended function unexpected functioning the ethereum protocol may cause the autonio network nio malfunction function unexpected unintended manner. ether, the native unit account the ethereum protocol may itself lose value ways similar nio, and also other ways. more information about the ethereum protocol available http://www.ethereum.org risks associated with voting the purchaser may lose nio exercising votes maliciously carelessly. risks associated with purchaser credentials any third party that gains access the purchaser's login credentials private keys may able dispose the purchaser's nio. minimize this risk, the purchaser should guard against unauthorized access their electronic devices. risk unfavorable regulatory action one more jurisdictions blockchain technologies have been the subject scrutiny various regulatory bodies around the world. the functioning the autonio network and nio could impacted one more regulatory inquiries actions, including but not limited restrictions the use possession digital tokens like nio, which could impede limit the development the autonio network. risk alternative, unofficial autonio networks following the presale and the development the initial version the nio platform, possible that alternative networks could established, which utilize the same open source code and open source protocol underlying the autonio network. the official autonio network may compete with these alternative, unofficial nio-based networks, which could potentially negatively impact the autonio network and nio. risk insufficient interest the autonio network distributed applications possible that the autonio network will not used large number businesses, individuals, and other organizations and that there will limited public interest the creation and development distributed applications. such lack interest could impact the development the autonio network and therefore the potential uses value nio. risk that the autonio network, developed, will not meet the expectations purchaser the autonio network presently under development and may undergo significant changes before release. any expectations regarding the form and functionality nio the autonio network held the purchaser may not met upon release, for any number reasons including change the design and implementation plans and execution the autonio network. risk theft and hacking hackers other groups organizations may attempt interfere with the autonio network the availability nio any number ways, including without limitation denial service attacks, sybil attacks, spoofing, smurfing, malware attacks, consensus-based attacks. risk security weaknesses the nio network core infrastructure software the autonio network consists open-source software that itself based open-source software. there risk that the autonio team other third parties may intentionally unintentionally introduce weaknesses bugs into the core infrastructural elements the autonio network interfering with the use causing the loss nio. risk weaknesses exploitable breakthroughs the field cryptography advances cryptography, technical advances such the development quantum computers, could present risks cryptocurrencies and the autonio platform, which could result the theft loss nio. risk nio mining attacks with other decentralized cryptographic tokens and cryptocurrencies, the blockchain used for the autonio network susceptible mining attacks, including but not limited double-spend attacks, majority mining power attacks, "selfishmining" attacks, and race condition attacks. any successful attacks present risk the autonio network, expected proper execution and sequencing autonio markets, and expected proper execution and sequencing ethereum contract computations. despite the efforts the autonio team, the risk known novel mining attacks exists. risk lack adoption use the autonio network while nio should not viewed investment; may have value over time. that value may limited the autonio network lacks use and adoption. this becomes the case, there may few markets upon the launch the platform, limiting the value nio. risk illiquid market for nio there are currently exchanges upon which nio might trade. ever exchanges develop, they will likely relatively new and subject poorly-understood regulatory oversight. they may therefore more exposed fraud and failure than established, regulated exchanges for other products. the extent that the exchanges representing substantial portion the volume nio trading are involved fraud experience security failures other operational issues, such exchanges' failures may result reduction the value liquidity nio. risk uninsured losses unlike bank accounts accounts some other financial institutions, funds held using the autonio ethereum network generally uninsured. the event loss loss value, there public insurer, such the f.d.i.c., private insurer, offer recourse the purchaser. risk dissolution the autonio project possible that, due any number reasons, including without limitation unfavorable fluctuation the value bitcoin, unfavorable fluctuation the value nio, the failure business relationships, competing intellectual property claims, the autonio project may longer viable business and may dissolve fail launch. risk malfunction the autonio network possible that the autonio network malfunctions unfavorable way, including but not limited one that result the loss nio, information concerning market. unanticipated risks cryptocurrency and cryptographic tokens are new and untested technology. addition the risks set forth here, there are risks that the autonio team cannot anticipate. risks may further materialize unanticipated combinations variations the risks set forth here.