table contents table contents problem industry overview the current system broken existing solutions technology legislation self-regulation conclusion the aventus solution overview the aventus ecosystem the ethereum blockchain ... the aventus protocol ... the service layer the application layer use cases utility token mechanics purpose mechanics solution architecture: future vision aventus registry legitimate third party applications using the protocol non-fraudulent events within the protocol algorithmic parameters event ticket sales secondary market promotion market price oracle solution architecture: beta release (june aventus registry legitimate third party applications using the protocol non-fraudulent events within the protocol system parameters event ticket sales secondary market promotion market price oracle roadmap the story far looking the future aventusjs scalability tools aventus block explorer dapps application layer third-party application layer references problem industry overview tickets for entertainment events are typically available for consumers buy via numerous sales channels. the ticketing industry defines three high level categories seller: ticket retailers (usually the event organiser with direct responsibility for event: for example venue, promoter club, selling tickets directly consumers); primary ticket agents (appointed event organiser sell tickets consumers their behalf); and ticket resellers (who source tickets from retailers, agents and other resellers sell consumers). ticket sold for the first time primary ticket sale. ticket resold individual, secondary agent, broker other party secondary ticket sale (though the term "secondary" misleading, ticket may theoretically have passed through any number hands before reaches the person who actually attends the event). globally, the ticketing landscape complex and fragmented. not only does depend upon multiple interactions within the ticketing ecosystem (event organisers, venues, promoters, bookers, primary and secondary agents), but standard practice between these parties differs between geographies. for example, the us, venues typically control the inventory for event. europe the promoter typically controls the inventory. the uk, exclusivity rare, with ticketing inventory split between the venue and the promoter, who each have their own preferred agent(s). practices also differ dependent upon event type: for example, sporting teams often own the venue. within the primary market, inventory rights holders typically control the ticket price, revenue-splits and methods ticket sale distribution (e.g. select groups via third parties, with certain promoters through certain outlets like ticketmaster) []. pricing tickets within the primary market takes place variety ways, including fixed value, open auction, using dynamic pricing based demand per-seat basis[]. the primary market, tickets are often sold below market value, for variety reasons: for example, that artists can increase customer loyalty and prioritise fan experiences, because event organisers and promoters prioritise revenue through inevent advertising and merchandise sales []. the secondary market exists facilitate the resale tickets originally purchased the primary market, allowing buyers and sellers come together order transact, often via resale marketplace. while often pilloried the media and consumer watchdogs, the secondary market fulfils necessary function enabling greater consumer choice. indeed, his government-led review the secondary market, professor michael waterson concluded that "consumers and the economy benefit various ways from the existence well-functioning secondary ticket market. []" ticket pricing far more demand-driven secondary platforms than primary platforms, with tickets finding their own market value. unsurprisingly though, pricing dynamics within the primary market directly affect the volume and transactional-value the secondary market. secondary platforms profit taking percentage secondary sales, typically around []: this, allied with the high market value for 'big ticket' items, means that secondary platforms enjoy higher revenue margins per ticket than primary platforms. take advantage the additional revenue available from reselling tickets, there growing trend for primary agencies launch their own affiliated secondary markets (for example, ticketmaster's getmein []), further complicating the already fragmented ticketing landscape. primary agents with their own secondary platform (or with their platform integrated with existing resale platform), can deliver greater control and transparency over ticketing transactions well allowing them benefit from proportion resale revenues. the current system broken event organisers, artists and managers often price tickets below market-value maximise fan attendance, increase customer loyalty and earn more revenue from inevent sales []. consequence, large economic potential exists for the formation secondary markets, with resellers making large profits pricing tickets closer 'real' market-value []. however, ticketing rights-holders the primary market have very limited control over inventory sales secondary markets. this means artists, organisers and primary ticketing agents cannot control who can resell their inventory and how they can sell it, enforce minimum maximum price caps, derive any revenue from these secondary sales. the unregulated nature secondary markets opens potential for industry malpractice, unethical touting behaviours and other bad actors []. secondary platforms are consequently prone being pervaded fraudulent counterfeits, duplicate tickets that have been already used sold, tickets that have been bulk-purchased touts and re-listed extortionate prices []. touts regularly circumvent platform terms conditions employing software programmes known "bots" automate bulk purchase tickets, which are then listed across multiple secondary sites (often inflated prices, averaging above their face-value the primary market, but with some margins exceeding []. according ticketmaster, such purchases contribute around sales popular shows []. listing multiple secondary sites can lead the same ticket being purchased multiple times different secondary sites (as duplicate counterfeit tickets) []. the telegraph has estimated that britons squandered over million counterfeit tickets []. some cases, touts engage "speculative buying": practice which consists automatically reserving tickets bulk primary sites. the secondary seller does not yet technically 'own' the ticket, the ticket may released back into the primary inventory pool before the secondary purchaser has completed their purchase leading inability for secondary sellers fulfil sales. bulk purchase tickets bots has the result that popular events can appear sell-out primary sites minutes []. primary market platforms earn initial revenue from each primary ticket sale, these platforms maximise their revenue maximising the number tickets sold. this means these platforms are positively incentivised not prevent the use bots bulk-purchase tickets. there are also extra benefits for promoters, who may use primary sales gauge overall consumer demand for events order make decisions about extending tours adding extra event dates. while the practice speculative buying and bulk purchase consumes the economic potential created the pricing inefficiencies within the primary market, felt many fundamentally unfair fans and audiences. this phenomenon prevents price-sensitive fans from attending event and causes regular fans pay higher-thanintended prices for tickets, resulting customer dissatisfaction and poor brand publicity for the artist, club venue []. the complex and fragmented nature the ticketing landscape means that lines between markets are blurred, resulting consumer confusion. research has shown that consumers fail differentiate between primary and secondary markets; customers admit they not know where they are buying their tickets from, primary, secondary even fraudulent outlets []. the often time-sensitive nature many ticket sales often compounds this issue, meaning consumers fail interrogate purchasing decisions fully due pressure act quickly order secure ticket. existing solutions attempts address these key challenges (improving consumer experience through tackling unethical behaviours, and improving rights-holder and primary seller controls over secondary markets), are generally being made via three different routes: technology, legislation and self-regulation. the overarching goal develop ways which determine the legitimacy tickets listed secondary sites, order deliver fairer practices and greater consumer confidence upon purchase. technology some primary markets such resident advisor fan-to-fan transfer marketplaces like twickets target extortionate pricing and unethical touting behaviour through mechanisms which only allow the resale other transfer ticket its primary market face-value lower. other platforms, such songkick[] and dice.fm[], have developed data-driven techniques distinguish touts the point-of-purchase and identify tickets secondary market websites. dice.fm prevents resale its tickets altogether. unfortunately, these technological methods fall short solving the challenges previously outlined: outright prevention ticket resale removes consumer choice, preventing genuine fans who for legitimate reasons cannot attend the given event from reselling their tickets; mandating that resales are only permitted take place face-value less creates incentives for black-market activities (for example, additional offline monetary transactions taking place top legitimate online transactions); identification touts using machine-learning techniques losing battle, scalpers have vested interested keeping ahead current algorithmic techniques and changing their behaviour accordingly. songkick's ticketing commerce platform and anti-scalping algorithm were acquired live nation january more effective than the above technologies are solutions which focus platform integration and creating visibility across inventory. for example, eventim's secondary market, fansale, offers ticketcheck functionality which allows consumers confirm the legitimacy ticket being resold via its eventim barcode. for obvious reasons, primary platforms who run their own secondary markets have the most success with this technique; however, drawbacks remain due the siloed nature the ticketing industry, with standardised method checking ticket's legitimacy. legislation authorities have recognised unfair practices within the secondary market, with some countries including france and italy outlawing touting altogether []. consumer watchdogs the world over are warning against unethical behaviours facilitated secondary platforms, with the uk's advertising standards agency (asa) [], australia's competition and consumer commission [], new zealand's consumer and ireland's advertising standards authority conducting investigations the last year alone. the the reselling tickets football matches without the permission the relevant club illegal, and use automated technologies bulk-buy tickets was outlawed the government january april secondary platforms must also include the unique ticket number (utn) allocated ticket the primary agent any resale listings []. fundamentally, however, very difficult control constrain black-markets: despite football clubs maintaining authorised-reseller lists, tickets still regularly appear unofficial platforms. sports matches and concerts globally, black-market sales continue occur (often immediately outside the venue itself []). within the us, legislative controls are determined state-by-state basis. this has limited impact, though, many resellers exploit loopholes selling tickets the nearest state where the practice legal. for example, the majority brokers operating new york where use ticketing bots has carried hefty fine since have registered offices new jersey and connecticut. industry supporters such laws acknowledge their constraints, with jeffrey seller (lead producer hamilton broadway) stating, "is imperfect? course. better than nothing? you bet." the uk, the west end production hamilton has taken different approach introducing entirely paperless ticketing system. self-regulation with growing pressure from fans, consumer watchdogs and artists themselves, many secondary platforms are investing self-regulatory endeavours order rehabilitate negative views the secondary market and help restore consumer confidence. many secondary platforms have put guarantees place protect consumers offering replacements for tickets that not arrive refunds fraudulent tickets []. however, while providing refunding ticket that void the door offers some degree recompense, does not protect attendees from extra costs incurred (such travel, accommodation, time, and disappointment). large artists (such sheeran, adele and taylor swift []) are actively working raise anti-touting awareness and circumvent damaging behaviours, trialling range methods prevent touting. while this approach can immediately effective for large artists with lot clout who have the will and resources the extra mile behalf their fans, fraudulent ticketing and unethical touting practices continue harm smaller artists and their fans. however, big-name awareness does serve increase pressure upon secondary resellers; for example, stubhub stated march that they would support "any measures which make ticket buying easier, more convenient and more transparent for fans" []. result, secondary platforms increasingly choose commit codes ethics and conduct []; for example, becoming members the society ticket agents and retailers (star), whose code practice aims set high standards for customer service the industry and provide approved dispute resolution service. other industry consortiums have been founded with the express aim promoting culture ethical practice, including fanfair alliance (made members entertainment community lobby behalf consumers), and the newly-created fair ticketing alliance (made secondary ticketing brokers with the goal rehabilitating the ticketing industry) []. criticisms are also levied against secondary platforms regarding their higher revenue margins, which often mean they have the financial capability invest more deeply online advertising spend (via seo, sem and targeted social media marketing) than primary markets. turn, this increased discoverability gives secondary agents greater access potential consumers, allowing them out-compete primary markets both margins and visibility. this can contribute the consumer's lack ability differentiate between primary, secondary and illegitimate sellers. according the fanfair alliance, consumers have "three recurring complaints: they were directed via google advertising towards these sites, they thought they were purchasing from authorised seller, and they were misled pricing" some advertising channels and now taking steps redress the balance, with google cracking down language used within adwords increase transparency for consumers. secondary sites who imply they are primary marketplace will denied 'certification', and therefore not permitted leverage paid ads within the channel []. conclusion since the challenges the ticketing industry have not yet been comprehensively addressed technology, legislation, self-regulation, stakeholders have understandably become pessimistic whether the ticketing market will ever change for the better []. event organisers and rights-holders need greater controls and internal transparencies over the lifecycle their ticketing inventory including over how and who can interact with their inventory secondary sellers; consumers are increasingly demanding fairer and more positive experience, with more transparency over who and how they are purchasing tickets, and less chance refused entry the door due fraudulent duplicate tickets; artists, managers and promoters need more say how their inventory priced and how that pricing perpetuated throughout the ticketing lifecycle, right when presented the ticket-holder for access the event; secondary ticketing platforms need better incentivised act 'good actors' within the ticketing ecosystem, providing better consumer experience and driving repeat custom. believe that the problems highlighted this paper point need re-build the industry from the bottom-up, replacing the current, siloed, architecture create new, fair, secure and transparent economic model under which event organisers and inventory rights-holders would have greater control. the aventus solution overview the aventus solution aims remove siloes and create open ticketing ecosystem where all parties the ticketing supply chain can work together with more control, more internal operational transparency, and more security. designed modular toolset which will enable ticketing organisations exert more control over their inventory and processes, engage more directly with other players within the supply chain and with consumers, and explore new methods monetisation. this solution will underpinned the aventus protocol, global open standard for the exchange tickets built upon the ethereum blockchain, and the subject this paper. the protocol designed support and facilitate events organisers and inventory holders, giving them the tools set controls around how their tickets are transacted and resold. through use ethereum smart contracts, the protocol enables secure and controlled supply-chain that can eliminate counterfeiting and prioritises rights-holder needs. the aventus protocol open source and available for all developers leverage build upon. tickets held the blockchain each have unique identifier, the protocol facilitates greater security, control, internal traceability and proof-of-ownership, making possible track particular tickets utn travels through the supply-chain. allows event organisers create, manage and promote their events and tickets with dramatically reduced costs, even letting them set price controls and receive commissions ticket resales. consumers within the ecosystem are rewarded for identifying fraudulent activity, creating self-governing community. important note that aventus itself remains objective and agnostic when comes the setting parameters for ticket sale and resale, which are selected and set inventory holders best fit their business models. aventus does not own, sell distribute inventory, dictate rules players within the ecosystem. help bring blockchain ticketing the consumer, the aventus protocol foundation will also work with, support and endorse the creation saas tool-sets, applications and apis created third-party service providers, ticketing agencies and developers. these services will provide critical function bridging the gap between the protocol and the existing tech stacks traditional ticketing industry entities. the aventus ecosystem despite the fact that the primary innovation discussed this paper the protocol itself, worth explaining wider aventus ecosystem (as depicted figure and how industry players act within (see ..). figure the aventus ecosystem the ethereum blockchain bitcoin the most widely-known use-case for the blockchain: network designed for decentralised, peer-to-peer monetary transactions, with need for centralised bank intermediary. money has distinct difference from assets such media, documents, and message content: ownership. money can only owned one party once (it cannot double-spent), and need track how moved between parties order "prove" ownership. distributed, immutable (tamper-proof) ledger, blockchain provides solution this: single source truth which allows all parties see the provenance and transaction history each token currency. the ethereum blockchain extends this functionality through digitally-enforceable agreements known "smart contracts". these smart contracts can applied core business processes where security, control, traceability and proof-of-ownership are necessities: this case, within the ticketing supply chain. that's where the aventus protocol comes in. ... the aventus protocol the subject this paper. the aventus protocol open source, and provides backbone interoperability which will lower barriers entry for developers the ticketing industry. this layer entirely composed ethereum smart contracts that allow for the creation and validation events, the issuance, sale and distribution tickets primary and secondary ticket markets (under parameters designed and customised inventory holders and event organisers), and the allocation defined proportions ticket sale revenue and market/event fees between the event organisers, ticket promoters, artists, secondary resellers, etc. ... the service layer services built top the aventus protocol are designed make using the protocol efficient and accessible possible, and will offer potential source revenue for developers looking build mainstream, blockchain-ready ticketing applications. these services are expected include scalability solutions, integration with synergistic entertainment token environments, optimisation purchasing time through use market-feed oracles, and interoperability infrastructure such sdks and apis. the protocol itself (and will remain) open source, this low barrier entry will guarantee competitive services layer environment that will drive cost-efficiency for ticketing agencies wishing take advantage the business benefits the protocol. agencies wishing develop apps and services built upon the protocol can partner with third-party developers, existing third-party service providers the ecosystem, utilise their own in-house technical resources build direct-toprotocol apps. the application layer the application layer consists end-user applications that build top the services and protocol layers, making blockchain-based ticketing apps available within commercial environment for the entertainment industry and its consumers. this will incorporate inventory management solutions, blockchain ticket wallets and access control solutions, along with apps enabling the creation promotional schemes for encouraging more ticket sales. aventus encourages and supports the work third party developers create applications top the service layer. use cases actors within the ecosystem: ticketing retailers (primary agents, secondary agents) event organisers (venues, promoters, clubs, artists) consumers (ticket buyers) ticketing software providers avt holders aventus technical team third-party developers the aventus protocol designed resolve the industry challenges highlighted earlier this paper, making ticketing processes more efficient and effective for all parties the supply chain. increased control over inventory the aventus protocol gives event organisers, inventory-holders and artists the tools set and enforce rules around how their tickets are transacted and interacted with within the ticketing supply chain. this includes setting minimum and maximum price caps, whitelisting approved resellers, and even defining processes which entitle artists, organisers and primary sellers proportion secondary market resale revenues. tickets have unique identity associated with them the blockchain; usually barcode code. the validation mechanism chosen determined the event organiser, and added the point purchase the primary market. personal data ever held clear text the blockchain; while identities linked tickets are securely verifiable, any personal data obfuscated and encoded cryptographically-secure manner, ensuring sensitive information ever publicly visible and that the protocol fully compliant with general data protection regulation (gdpr). the identity associated with the relevant ticket will checked upon entry access control and compared the obfuscated data held the blockchain. changes identities associated with ticket (thus changes the "owner" the ticket) can only take place the ticket resold through approved secondary market and meets with the rules and controls enforced the event organiser inventory-holder. for artists actively trying eliminate restrict touting (for example beyonce and jay-z, sheeran, stormzy), these controls give the promoter the ability outlaw resale tickets altogether, set price caps that prevent extortionate charges for fans. actors wishing explore new monetisation opportunities can set microtransactions that allow various entities the supply-chain (promoters, venues, artists, managers) allocated proportion resale revenues from the secondary market. increased security decreased fraudulent behaviour the aventus protocol offers consumers fairer and more positive experience enabling inventory holders prohibit unauthorised resale the blockchain, thereby eliminating counterfeit duplicate tickets and vastly decreasing the possibility fraudulent behaviour. should event itself fictitious fraudulent, the economic model underpinning the aventus protocol incentivises network participants report such, creating self-governing ecosystem. the community users the aventus protocol (or the 'aventus community') determines the legitimacy event third-party seller using decentralised consensus mechanism the blockchain. given the transparent nature the blockchain, many the oversight issues discussed section can resolved. consumers will able find validated list outlets selling tickets the blockchain, making simpler for them differentiate between types platform. meanwhile, duplicate and counterfeit tickets will impossible within the aventus ecosystem due each ticket's unique identifier, and fraudulent behaviours will vetted and rejected the aventus community. increased internal transparency and consumer insight the aventus protocol gives ticketing agents the tools derive more internal insight into the supply chain, allowing them understand and target existing consumers more effectively and discover new audiences. analyzing and reporting data held the protocol and combining this data with internallyheld consumer data-sets, agents can tell who bought tickets, how many times each ticket was transacted, whether ticket was redeemed the door and the identity the redeemer. going further, becomes possible analyze, audit and support counter-claims against charge-backs avoiding unnecessary revenue losses and even implement tighter access controls and blacklist undesirable attendees. new revenue opportunities the aventus protocol will support artists and event organisers enabling events reach wider and more targeted audience: event organisers can whitelist blacklist chosen promoters and sales channels, giving them full curated control over the audience their inventory reaches. inventory can also opened everyone, creating global pool events which can sold through any ticketing application, incentivised via commission overturning the current siloed nature the industry and encouraging mutual participation drive increased sales. event organisers will able reward promoters ticketing software providers with commission ticket sales they are responsible for generating. these commissions can controlled the event organiser dynamic complex desired, since each individual promoter can receive different set commission. avt utility tokenomics the aventus protocol token (avt) critical the functioning the aventus ecosystem decentralised, self-regulating environment. aligning the economic incentives participants, addresses the challenges highlighted section this paper. purpose the main purposes avt utility token are: provide incentive layer that enables self-regulation the aventus protocol. creating and curating network due-diligence reporters events and applications held the protocol, the ecosystem secured and fraud minimised. this implemented through stake-weighted voting mechanisms (further explained section which allow the aventus community determine: legitimacy apps/dapps using the aventus protocol (section ..) that unethical behaviours and bad actors are disenfranchised. legitimacy events the aventus protocol (section ..) that apps/dapps not lose users selling tickets for fraudulent events, and consumers not experience disappointment. governance the future parameters the aventus protocol, that the protocol can constantly evolve remain competitive and best serve the ticketing community. reward early adopters the aventus protocol, thereby enabling benefit from network effects. network effects apply the aventus protocol: the number events stored grows, the greater value has third-party applications; and the greater the value represents third-party applications, the more the number events stored will grow. mechanics there are three primary use cases envisaged for avt: event hosting: event organisers must purchase avt pay the event-creation fee. this cost will proportional the number events deemed fraudulent the protocol. ensure that the cost remains stable, the volatility avt will tempered accounting for the fiat currency exchange rate. community stake: events can reported being suspected being fictitious fraudulent through voting mechanism which involves putting deposit avt, which detailed section below. this economically incentivises thirdparties using the aventus protocol not sell fictitious fraudulent tickets. thirdparty ticket-sellers the protocol through similar process being validated the network order guarantee their legitimacy and eliminate fraudulent resellers. matching: tickets sold the aventus protocol the secondary market will matched with buyers who have previously registered firm intent purchase. matching on-chain calculation that members the aventus community can run pseudo-randomly match buyers and sellers; this ensures that sellers not know who they are selling to, preventing touts bad actors demanding additional off-chain monetary transactions top the on-chain transaction. should noted that non-determinism not possible blockchain, therefore (even when 'randomly' choosing who receives which tickets), the outcome can known before the matching transaction entered into the system. however, long the block rewards and transactions fees are not less than the matching reward, the system secure. future vision alpha version the protocol providing scaled-down functionality was released the rinkeby public testnet july for community review and comment. november advisory voting module was made available the ethereum mainnet proof-of-concept, allowing community members create and vote proposals. full source-code for the beta release was initially made available the public may in-depth audit this source-code was carried out solidified.io, the leading technical auditing service for ethereum smart contracts, whose community solidity experts has previously audited over companies (including polymath, melonport, bankera and spring role). after undergoing successful auditing process which exposed zero critical issues, the protocol was deployed beta onto the ethereum mainnet june developers can now access the protocol and accompanying source-code, giving them the tools begin building (or expanding existing) ticketing applications and services take advantage the benefits blockchain. within beta, some elements the ecosystem remain centralised while iterate and develop the protocol (for example, see section ..). from version onwards, once use the protocol has been established, control over system parameters will handed the avt community, creating fully decentralised solution. the future vision for the full version the protocol detailed the sections below: aventus registry the aventus registry the entry point the aventus protocol. keeps track of: list the legitimate third party applications using the protocol list the non-fraudulent events within the protocol algorithmic parameters determining system deposits and time periods. each the above variables will determined and consistently updated through stake-weighted voting the aventus community. the voting process similar that proposed colony [], whereby: deposit put forward initiate the voting process (the origin these funds explained below for each particular variable). votes are cast confidentially the aventus community secret staking avt. once the vote reveal period begins, voters' stakes are locked. once votes are revealed, voters' stakes are unlocked. when the challenge ended, the winning party's deposit returned and the losing party's deposit distributed amongst the winning party (%), the challenge-ender (%) and the winning voters (the remaining avt, distributed proportionately according stake). the following sections explain the application the voting process each the variables mentioned above: legitimate third party applications using the protocol third party application that wishes use the protocol must create proposal the aventus registry, requesting added the official list legitimate applications, they wish sell tickets for event. along with the proposal, deposit submitted which will power the aventus community's vote regarding the application's legitimacy. this necessary give better oversight consumers that they can know where they are buying their tickets, and can reassured that the outlets are not fraudulent. non-fraudulent events within the protocol events are only added the official event-listing the protocol the organiser has paid the necessary event-creation deposit. following event being added the aventus registry, the aventus community has period within which report fictitious fraudulent submitting deposit, previously described. the voting process outlined above occurs determine the validity the event, ensuring the legitimacy events the platform. algorithmic parameters all parameters the system (such the application-listing deposit, the event-creation deposit the time period which event can reported) affect the economic behaviour protocol participants. since the parameters are strongly affected usage data the protocol itself (e.g. the rate fraudulent events the number fraudulent applications using it), they will re-calibrated algorithmically the point event creation ensure platform stability. since the algorithms themselves have parameters (such deposit floors, ceilings, and scaling values), these will also open voted upon the aventus community. community members can put forward proposals (along with proposal deposit, order avoid spam proposals) alter algorithmic parameters. after the community votes determine the winning proposal, the deposit returned the community member. event events are listed paying the event-creation deposit and uploading the event's details (date, location, description, etc). the event creator can then define series addresses associated with ticketing agencies and resellers for the purposes selling and refunding tickets. should noted that the event-creator will able, desired, define the revenuesplit from ticket sales between the venue, artist, management company etc. the protocol supports different event options, such as: private events: the creators must sign off any ticket sold. approved merchant events: the event's tickets can only sold re-sold exclusively via whitelisted sellers. before ticket sales for event can begin, reporting period occurs during which the event can challenged, detailed section the full life-cycle event depicted figure figure the timeline event ticket sales when tickets are registered the blockchain via the protocol, hash (or unique identifying series characters) generated for that ticket encoded with the specific details that ticket, e.g. ticket type, seat number, etc which then associated with the public key the ticket owner. ticket can then only transacted (e.g. from event organiser primary ticketing agent, from primary agent secondary reseller consumer) with the consent both parties (via their digital signature the blockchain). the unique identifier that ticket then re-associated with the public key its new owner. variety access control solutions can implemented top this process, the most simple which simply using the digital signature prove the attendee's ownership the public key and thus the associated ticket. the protocol aims support wide variety access control needs, giving event organisers and venues the choice and control that critical them. for example, extra confidence and security required upon the door, specific identity validation requirements (for example facial recognition, voice analysis, fingerprinting) can tied the ticket owner's public key (as long the data can obfuscated and encoded the protocol). secondary market figure the secondary ticket market the secondary market's functionality within the aventus ecosystem depicted figure and works follows: listing: listing ticket requires specifying the ticket id. listing remains until the inventory sold the sale cancelled the seller. buying: users register interest buying various combinations tickets listed with secondary sellers. matching: the aventus community matches buyers with tickets pseudoprobabilistic manner. selling: the seller submits the address the new ticket owner the protocol, which then recorded against the ticket id. promotion since the event listing and ticket selling process has been de-siloed, any validated thirdparty application will able make sales for any the event brought the protocol residing the event pool. this will mean that listing event the aventus protocol means all parties can start making sales completely secure and transparent manner, without unregulated touting, counterfeits oversight issues. furthermore, the event creator can choose (on per-ticket basis), create rewards' scheme giving commission promoters and primary ticket sellers. commissions can complex, granular and dynamic desired, based off-chain determinations the business value the commissioned party. this mechanism helps reduce marketing-costs and increases reach into target- markets (by decreasing the barriers entry becoming sub-promoter, and allowing for the monetisation word-of-mouth awareness-building). also minimises the administrative overhead associated with managing compensation, since this can completely automated smart contracts. there are couple possible attack vectors here: promoters cannot receive commission their first sale, mitigating the risk that ticketbuyers could gain unfair discount through becoming "promoter" and purchasing the ticket "through" themselves. tickets sold the secondary market are not eligible for promoter commission, eliminating the risk that promoter bulk-purchases tickets "through" themselves resell the secondary market, generating unfair commissions and unwarranted high promotional ranking. market price oracle blockchains cannot access information not contained within them. therefore, additional data required the aventus protocol must inserted into the blockchain. problem: the party controlling the data sent into the system can affect the protocol's behaviour. solutions: will use existing trusted solutions (such oraclise) and provide our own oracle smart-contract. will allow event-hosts decide which oracle use for the market price-feed from list options approved the aventus community. avt listed number decentralised exchanges, including airswap and sharkrelay. averaging the price across these exchanges, will able derive reliable price. beta release (june first iteration the protocol, the beta release provides the first set functionality toward more secure, more efficient way control the supply and transaction tickets. the sections below will detail how current functionality differs from the future vision the aventus architecture, with subsections corresponding those above section aventus registry within the beta version the protocol, the aventus registry tracks: list the legitimate third party applications using the protocol list the non-fraudulent events within the protocol challenges the legitimacy events stored the protol, and votes these parameters determining system deposits and time periods proposals for changes system parameters, and votes these deposits and voting stakes community members currently, only the legitimacy events the protocol can challenged the aventus community. legitimate third party applications using the protocol third party application that wishes use the protocol must make avt deposit from the address they wish use, and then submit this address aventus added the approved list legitimate applications. upon receipt and verification request and its accompanying deposit details, aventus will add the address the approved list, which held the protocol. non-fraudulent events within the protocol current functionality described ... system parameters all parameters the system (such the application-listing deposit, the eventcreation deposit the time period which event can reported) are currently fixed. community members can put forward proposals change these parameters. the beta version the protocol, these proposals are non-binding and are implemented the discretion aventus. event upon paying event-creation deposit avt, the event creator (usually promoter event organiser) uploads the event details the protocol, together with url which references all supporting information for the validity the event. this generates event the blockchain. detailed .., event creators have the option create private events (wherein they must sign off any ticket sold), whitelist approved primary market sellers interact with their inventory. within the beta version the protocol, event creators cannot currently define revenue-split from ticket sales between different parties within the supply-chain. the reporting period and life-cycle the event occur outlined ticket sales the current definition ticket within the protocol consists of: ticket id: sequential identifying number for each ticket per event. event id: sequential identifying number for each event submitted the protocol. ticket details: information unique and specific particular ticket, such seat number, entrance gate, ticket type. ticket owner: the blockchain address the ticket owner, who can granted access the ticketed event. ticket status: indicator showing whether the ticket valid not. outlined the ticket details are sent the protocol along with the event and ticket owner. the protocol then generates unique ticket id, which stored the blockchain and associated with the ticket owner. secondary market within the current version the protocol, not yet possible for users register interest buying particular type ticket, and matching calculations have yet been implemented. promotion the commissioning capabilities discussed have not been implemented the beta version the protocol. market price oracle market price oracle has been integrated this version; this process currently carried out manually. roadmap the story far alpha version the protocol providing scaled-down functionality was released the rinkeby public testnet july for community review and comment. full source-code for the beta release was initially made available the public may in-depth audit this source-code was carried out solidified.io, the leading technical auditing service for ethereum smart contracts, whose community solidity experts has previously audited over companies (including polymath, melonport, bankera and spring role). after undergoing successful auditing process which exposed zero critical issues, the protocol was deployed beta onto the ethereum mainnet june developers can now access the protocol and accompanying source-code, giving them the tools begin building (or expanding existing) ticketing applications and services take advantage the benefits blockchain. within beta, some elements the ecosystem remain centralised while iterate and develop the protocol (for example, see section ..). from version onwards, once use the protocol has been established, control over system parameters will handed the avt community, creating fully decentralised solution. looking the future rather than define precise and time-bound product roadmap, aventus working actively and collaboratively with the ticketing industry create agile approach the aventus ecosystem based client feedback and constant iteration. believe this the right way test and challenge assumptions (both the industry's and our own), educate (and learn from) key industry players, and ultimately drive blockchain adoption business and consumer level. believe this demand-driven, businessled approach means that the protocol will become something true value, which can revolutionise the ticketing industry from the bottom up. however, there are number services and solutions that are currently working and expect implement user-demand dictates. some these will free-atthe-point-of-use, whereas others will incur additional costs. our current vision for the future and function the aventus solution architecture detailed below, figure the future solution architecture builds upon the aventus ecosystem detailed section exploring ways make the protocol more scalable, accessible and performant. figure potential future architecture the function the protocol itself and the underlying ethereum blockchain has already been covered detail this paper, will not repeated here. aventusjs aventusjs javascript library which uses webjs enable dapps interact with the aventus protocol. exposes apis for all the functionality the protocol without having directly interact with the ethereum blockchain using webjs json rpc. providing more familiar tools work with, aventusjs lowers the barriers entry for traditional developers (both internal and third-party) wishing build blockchainenabled ticketing apps and services, making far easier communicate with the aventus protocol. scalability tools common criticism the blockchain that very slow (in computing terms), and difficult scale. this design, due its very nature distributed, peer-to-peer network requiring consensus between all nodes. co-founder ethereum, vitalik buterin, co-founder ethereum said earlier this year that "the ethereum community, key developers and researchers and others have always recognized scalability perhaps the single most important key technical challenge that needs solved order for blockchain applications reach mass adoption." third-party professional service provider artos systems currently utilises write-to api handles this issue off-chain, holding all transactions within queueing system and pushing them the protocol incrementally. the api also monitors current gas prices ethereum, and utilises this information optimise the flow transactions based cost. while this process currently handled centrally, third-party service providers are actively exploring cutting-edge decentralised solutions, both developing internal proof concepts and evaluating new externally-developed options. aventus block explorer the aventus block explorer open-source web tool that provides detailed overview events and ticketing data stored the aventus protocol via read-only api. this allows users get easily accessible view information the protocol for reviewing, reporting and analytical purposes, direct from the browser, without needing interact directly with the protocol itself. dapps application layer the dapp layer concerned with the creation decentralised applications which optimise use the protocol and enable better fulfil its function. these will allow the aventus ecosystem better fulfil its capacity decentralised due-diligence mechanism for the entertainment industry, more easily enabling the aventus community engage with, analyse, and vote upon proposals. dapps will include elements such as: voting interfaces for issuing and interaction with proposals and challenges. reporting and analytics functionality built upon aventus block explorer. support for off-chain payments. automated matching processes for the secondary market the protocol (see section ..). template user interfaces for third-party developers creating their own applications. third-party application layer the aventus protocol open-source and freely available for all the industry benefit from. third-party professional service providers, ticketing agencies and developers will able work with the protocol develop consumer-led, blockchain-ready ticketing applications. ticketing providers wishing engage with the aventus protocol can choose to: utilise their own in-house technical resources build directly upon the protocol, utilising the modules and toolkits provided aventus open source capacity. partner with third-party service providers and developers leverage their internal expertise and existing services, order integrate with the protocol more rapidly and effectively for example optimising processes around scalability, cryptocurrency volatility, and key management. some the apps currently being developed third-parties, with potential developed the future, include: inventory management solutions consumer-ready, whitelabel blockchain ticket wallets ethereum account management platforms sdks and rest apis enabling faster integration with existing internal software and processes (already available) integration with micro-sales channels (e.g. social media, music streaming platforms) access control solutions incorporating range identification criteria in-event advertising tools reputation calculators for promoters aid commissioning decisions references waterson, independent review consumer protection measures concerning online secondary ticketing facilities. https://assets.publishing.service.gov.uk/government/uploads/system/uploads/ attachment_data/file//ind---independent-review-online-secondaryticketing-facilities.pdf online; accessed jun. courty, economic guide ticket pricing the entertainment industry. http://citeseerx.ist.psu.edu/viewdoc/download?doi=....&rep=rep&type=pdf online; accessed jun. homann, ticket resale explained. https://blog.ticketmaster.co.uk/music/ticket-resale-explained- online; accessed jun. davies, mps call for inquiry into ticket touts and resale websites. https://www.theguardian.com/business//nov//mps-call-for-inquiry-into-tickettouts-and-resale-websites online; accessed jun. davies, pixies lead music industry effort break stranglehold ticket touts. https://www.theguardian.com/money//sep//pixies-lead-battle-against-tickettouts online; accessed jun. sisario, congress moves curb ticket scalping, banning bots used online. https://www.nytimes.com////business/media/ online; accessed jun. marks, why ticket prices are going through the roof. https://www.consumerreports.org/money/why-ticket-prices-are-going-through-theroof online; accessed jun. yates, the great ticket mark-up how fans are paying through the nose. c_id=&objectid= online; accessed jun. morely, facebook and twitter are psm 'hotbed' for fake ticket sales. https://www.telegraph.co.uk/news////facebook-and-twitter-are-a-mhotbed-for-fake-ticket-sales/ online; accessed jun. sarti, live music industry https://www.slideshare.net/inklingintelligence/uk-live-music-industry- online; accessed jun. resident advisor. introduces ticket resale service. https://www.residentadvisor.net/news.aspx?id= online; accessed jun. twickets limited. tickets how works. https://www.twickets.co.uk/ how-it-works online; accessed jun. songkick limited. songkick about us. http://www.songkick.com/info/about, online; accessed jun. dice limited. dice.fm about. https://dice.fm/about, online; accessed jun. live nation entertainment. live nation acquires songkick assets. https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/live-nation-acquires-songkickassets-.html online; accessed jun. fansale. eventim ticketcheck! https://www.fansale.co.uk/fansale/ advantages.htm online; accessed jun. guzman, the surreptitious rise the online scalper. https://www.cnbc.com////online-ticket-resellers-the-surreptitious-rise-of-theonline-scalper.html online; accessed jun. asa and cap news. clamping down misleading pricing practices secondary ticketing providers. https://www.asa.org.uk/news/clamping-down-on-secondary-ticketing-providers.html online; accessed jun. harmon, viagogo: accc launches legal action against 'misleading' ticket reseller. https://www.theguardian.com/money//aug//viagogo-accc-legalaction-misleading-ticket-reseller online; accessed jun. consumer nz. consumer investigating ticket resellers. https://www.consumer.org.nz/articles/consumer-nz-investigating-ticket-resellers online; accessed jun. belfast telegraph. secondary ticketing site referred trading standards over misleading pricing. https://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/news/uk/secondary-ticketingsite-referred-to-trading-standards-over-misleading-pricing-.html online; accessed jun. mcmilan, secondary ticketing: the problem and possible solutions, explained. https://inews.co.uk/culture/music/secondary-ticketing-problems-solutions online; accessed jun. business companion. the sale resale tickets. https://www.businesscompanion.info/en/quick-guides/services/the-sale-and-resale-oftickets online; accessed jun. nagle, congress moves curb ticket scalping, banning bots used online. https://www.nytimes.com////business/media/ticket-scalping-bots-act.html online; accessed jun. hemley, cameron mackintosh unveils scheme tackle hamilton ticket touts. https://www.thestage.co.uk/news//cameron-mackintosh-unveils-scheme-tacklehamilton-ticket-touts online; accessed jun. snapes, tout rout: stars come out close down ticket resellers. https://www.theguardian.com/money//jun//tout-rout-stars-come-out-to-closedown-ticket-resellers online; accessed jun. bbc. concert ticket resellers ordered disclose fees. https://www.bbc.co.uk/news/business- online; accessed jun. smirke, out the shadows: fair ticketing alliance launched support secondary ticketing operators.https://www.billboard.com/articles/business// fair-ticketing-alliance-launched-secondary-ticketing-uk online; accessed jun. fanfair alliance. fanfair comment: asa clamps down misleading marketing. http://fanfairalliance.org/fanfair-comment-asa-clamps-misleading-marketing/ online; accessed jun. musically. google 'tightens standards' secondary-ticketing search ads. http://musically.com////google-tightens-standards-secondary-ticketingsearch-ads/ online; accessed jun. forde, what's the real cost secondary ticketing? http://musically.com/ ///analysis-whats-the-real-cost-of-secondary-ticketing online; accessed jun. fischer, towards better ethereum voting protocols. https://blog.colony.io/towards-better-ethereum-voting-protocols-ecba, online; accessed jun. buterin, ethereum scalability research and development subsidy programs. https://blog.ethereum.org////ethereum-scalability-research-developmentsubsidy-programs/ online; accessed jun.