whitepaper avinoc the blockchain solution disrupting the global aviation business authors mag. gernot winter peter skerl robert galovic, bsc. msc. behalf avinoc ltd, https://www.avinoc.com/ graz, may abstract business aviation (bizav), part general aviation (ga), but also airlines processes and their optimization are still receiving insufficient attention even today. digitization and possible automation are slow due the large number different solutions and complex structures. many places, the coordination flights, orders, and customer and supplier management are effected manually are only slightly information-based (e-mail, excel, paper) using multitude incompatible systems containing non-integrated structures. order close the resulting gaps communication and information management, intermediaries are employed. further consideration, however, this need itself only symptom and the causes are more deeply hidden. the effects are usually high costs associated with large overhead the actual costs relevant services operating material. the causes are hidden the systemic. first and foremost, there are delays communication well inhomogeneous data low-transparency processes. the effects thereof are noticeable for the customer through the price the one hand and the lack adequate performance the other hand. orders are therefore subject considerable uncertainties their realization the quality business aviation suffers. future, already designed fully autonomous system hardware requires different general environment. requires setting without manual intervention and without delays its operation. requires the availability integrated, freely accessible and decentralized database and exchange layer for the complete representation all relevant information and payment flows the system view the overall digitization and automation efforts and the resulting, ever-increasing speed implementation worldwide, organizations should strive reduce their overhead order continue persists the market. for bizav organizations, with reduced completely eliminated overhead, there are opportunities enter new markets and completely new customer segments. many potential customers would not (yet) use business jet air taxi due excessive prices, date still privilege. order resolve these fundamental problems, eliminate causes and make bizav fit for the future, avinoc was created. the aviation network operation centers, which have been existence since enterprise resource planning (erp) software and business cloud application for bizav, which has been further developed this day. inspired the wide range possibilities offered blockchain technology today, the development team decided transform existing knowledge from the erp solution into completely new system, the aviation network operation chain avinoc blockchain solution provides transparent, integrated, permissionless and decentralized base data layer for the exchange relevant information for the ga. the main focus here bizav. the aim avinoc flight coordination, order management and infrastructural issues delays and cancellations flights the system bizav includes all operators (aviation companies), crews (pilots, ground personnel, etc.), all infrastructure facilities (airports, authorities, dealers, fuel suppliers, manufacturers, etc.) and customers the worldwide and, with the help the integrated transaction and payment system, achievement optimal use resources and high level cost reduction the market. the primary goal strengthen the bizav market with focus reducing the time span the information and payment flow zero, thus creating optimal supply chain. this will allow the entire global market strengthened and made sustainable for the future. will furthermore result positive effects all other economic sectors country with well-defined bizav. will also enable future technologies, such autonomous semi-autonomous flying, effectively and efficiently deployed organizations. contents general aviation characteristics use economic importance market operator models and usage concepts full ownership fractional ownership charter air taxi jet membership jet card structure offers structure demand customers the bizav customer requirements for the product demand behavior industry structure analysis rivalry among existing competitors threat new competitors threat substitutes negotiating power the customers bargaining power the suppliers operator broker broker platforms operator broker business aviation broker platforms issues information and communication management technologization current characteristics empty flights intermediaries inhomogeneity the systems and increasing complexity future challenges vision and mission history vision objectives and mission change solution root cause analysis application and requirements privacy-classes which data are readable for all market participants? what must visible market participants? which data are only readable for business partners? general requirements approaches blockchain ... introduction and initialization ... business operations ... the flight customer pointpoint-smart-contracts (ppsc) ... bidirectional smart criteria (bsc) infrastructure data transactions, payment and costs stakeholder and user-stories platform dapis, rd-parties, standards approach and stages development competitors competitors blockchain technology competitors conventional (not blockchain) technology quality and risks development projections for the future bizav outlook development potential for airlines and charter team development area aviation expertise marketing, sales design management operations document information general aviation general aviation (ga) covers the worldwide civilian transport passengers and goods, primarily aircraft and helicopters, outside scheduled (airlines) and charter flights. the divided into business aviation (bizav, business aviation) and private aviation (private aviation). bizav covers civil, non-scheduled, company-specific and intra-factory traffic and the commercial operation business jets and helicopters for the purpose transporting people and goods. characteristics general aviation, and particular commercial business aviation comparison scheduled air traffic characterized the offer non-scheduled, demand air transport the form individual transports. the departure and arrival airports are not dependent fixed network for this point-to-point traffic. addition the availability operational aircraft including crew, the only limitations are the range the aircraft, the airport opening hours and their slots. the service therefore largely unlimited time and space. typically, not exclusively, considering the cargo area, smaller and lighter aircraft are used business aviation than scheduled and charter traffic. this also allows for high individuality the route network, due their ability fly smaller airports with shorter runways near the actual destination. use based these characteristics, and again relation the business aviation, the benefit individual for each demander. the main focus the benefits through time saving. time can saved using business aviation demand opposed following fixed time table the one hand, and the resulting possibility reach multiple destinations directly and consecutively, the other hand. the reduced ground transfer times between airports and departure and destination locations well shorter routes and faster check-in and security check-in times airports are supported use special general aviation terminals (gat). another benefit achieved the high and reliable planning accuracy well the high degree flexibility the travel activities. the reliable execution flights well well-timed flights without delays are possible. addition, business aviation also used for the short-term and time-critical transport sensitive, critical over-sized goods equipment. the area humanitarian activities, business aviation can bring benefit the form health and vital blood organ transports, and for the transport relief goods. the execution evacuations case special emergencies another field application the due its simple and quick availability. economic importance addition individual benefits, the and bizav make important contribution the economic performance all continents. this can measured gross value the difference between production value and intermediate inputs. the economic impact the sector represented direct, indirect and induced value. direct added value attributable direct production, operation maintenance business travel and private aircraft. the use products and services manufacturers, suppliers and maintenance companies other companies represent the indirect value along the value chain. the induced economic impact includes the financial resources spent directly indirectly employed employees outside the general aviation industry. business aviation can generate great deal value for large companies that are increasingly relying the use this service option better manage their operational business. business aviation has demonstrably positive impact earning power and thus the value the companies involved it.(advisors, market the total annual revenues commercial aviation (scheduled, charter and general aviation) reached value around usd trillion. the share general aviation amounts approximately usd billion.(aircraft, bld, fly, galovic, inkret, winter, gama, currently, around aircraft are operated worldwide. these, around aircraft are used general aviation. these, which all aircraft worldwide for business aviation and about aircraft worldwide for the rest general aviation (private aviation and others). only around aircraft cover the scheduled and charter segment.(aircraft, bld, fly, gama, figure total market aviation global revenue growth commercial aviation between and average amounts around per year, well above the average asia.(statista, operator models and usage concepts for general aviation, and particular for bizav, there are basically four different demand-based access options for market participants. the most important determinants for choosing the appro- priate model for business aviation flights are, addition budget constraints and the expected intensity use, ie. the flight requirement hours, the distances covered, the availability the aircraft, the availability the crew and the number the average number passengers per flight.vgl. peter, s.][ sterzenbach, conrady, fichert, s.][ lang, ziegler, linz, s.] full ownership full ownership refers the complete acquisition and independent operation possibly employing service provider business aircraft. rule, these external service providers are charter companies that also provide so-called aircraft management services. fractional ownership this operator model characterized the acquisition business aircraft several investors. this case, the investment costs are proportionately payed one-off payments and thus partownership obtained. addition the acquisition costs, there are monthly fixed costs for the operator well variable costs for the actual air traffic. charter air taxi charter the operator model the simplest and most widely used model. charter flights are booked either directly with the operator through broker. the entire business aircraft including the crew chartered and usually billed to-the-minute, charging only the pure time use. still possible differentiate between on-demand (or hoc) and contract (or block) chartering. the air taxi new charter concept differs that provides the possibility booking individual seats opposed the entire aircraft. preconditions for this are small and cheap airplanes well corresponding information availabilities. jet membership jet card with this operator model, customer buys defined quota flight hours within specified period time. only the costs for the flight hours purchased are paid. not consumed, the unused hours expire. structure offers the term providers general aviation refers mainly operators business aircraft. the provider structure very fragmented. the majority providers (operators) are assigned the area micro aircraft) and small suppliers aircraft the fleet). there are around registered operators the us, some the and estimated the rest the world. thus, there are around business aviation operators worldwide. structure demand customers the bizav the context general aviation, the term "customers" used almost exclusively business aviation the demand side can segmented into companies (large companies, medium-sized enterprises), wealthy individuals, agencies (tourism events adventure sports) and the government authorities. the customer's contract services include following objects transported: individuals (vip-service) priority goods and special cargo transports and in-house transports (with, for example, antonov an-/, boeing super guppy and beluga) supply for remote and hard-to-reach regions worldwide, e.g. tundra (russia), deserts (australia africa), mountains (alps, himalaya region). places, this even the only supply option. air ambulance and flying doctors (australia africa amazon) corporate clients for business workforce urgent goods (production, health) dangerous and sensitive goods (radioactive material, samples, etc.) emergency aid (un, rescue services, evacuations) surveillance and exploration, surveying, aerial photographs, other surveys (science, authorities) customer requirements for the product customer requirements, along with the expected benefits business aviation, are focused primarily quality, comfort and flexibility (such simultaneous cargo and passenger flights these expectations may relate requirements placed the hardware, the aircraft, the conditions board and the service the ground.[vgl. s.] the expectations can summarized follows: hardware (aircraft, prestige brand, performance and performance parameters and purpose) conditions board (equipment, exclusivity, comfort, hybrid use variable seating) service (catering, concierge service, ... with high quality service and integrity) conditions the ground (transfer, handling, reception, door-to-door times and methodology check-in out) demand behavior terms area, business aviation needs are basically largely scattered, with concentrations specific axes between centers economic importance being identifiable. terms time, there are seasonal differences with strong phase starting march until november and weak phase between december and february. within one week, the weekend (saturday and sunday) are less frequently used than the rest the week, with most flights being recorded from wednesday friday.[ lang, ziegler, linz, braun, s.] seasonality (mainly summer and winter tourism) weekly pattern (business meetings) events (large and special events, gp, airshows, fairs) particular events (disasters, rescues and evacuations, material requirements maintain productivity) trends demand behavior can seen the wake increasing sales aircraft manufacturers. general, demand for business jets expected pick up, driven increased customer demand. honeywell, its latest market survey, expects sales new aircraft delivered between and light jets play important role the air taxi business, they allow the entry into business aviation. therefore important for number manufacturers able offer their customers family business jets that offer opportunities for advancement from small medium large. the group entry-level jets and super light jets includes, for example, the learjet and the citation xls lightjets refers models that have range between and (with four passengers), cost between and million and have cabin volume about m.(aerokurier, due manufacturer demand and according the requested samples, the following can found for customer demand behavior. the trend shows the growing influence the taxi range the industry. customers increasingly ask for short but also cheap flights. these are possible according the calculations only with corresponding cheaper aircraft. here, the trend also clearly shows that around passenger seats are sufficient serve small circle friends, small workforce families. the speed transfer and the ability stay among themselves play important role this context industry structure analysis with the help the five-forces-model ("five forces") according porter e., s.-], the competitive intensity industry can determined based the individual characteristics the so-called five forces. these are largely responsible for the profitability and attractiveness the respective industry. rivalry among existing competitors the current competitive rivalry considered strong very strong all segments business aviation. above all, information about customers important parameter. these trade secrets are particularly protected and are crucial the success and failure aviation operations. threat new competitors the threat new competitors, however, seen rather low because the high market entrance barriers the industry. this particular due the high capital requirement and the associated high risk. addition, the staff confronted with high entry barriers, because, regardless rather easily obtainable and reasonably priced pilot licenses, the ratings for the respective aircraft types are quite expensive compared the license. for each aircraft type, the corresponding rating must renewed periodic intervals (usually once year for professional pilots). threat substitutes possible substitutes for the sector could scheduled flights charter flights, road rail transport and video conferencing. the position the substitutes subject the respective infrastructure well the general economic situation. videoconferencing only used special situations and will not pose threat the future. business, videoconferencing often given answer reduced travel budgets, but experience recent years has shown that this behavior only increases exceptional situations face-to-face contact preferred the majority market participants using bizav, unless there are significant financial issues. negotiating power the customers the negotiating power customers (still) severely limited there great lack transparency terms prices, availability, infrastructure and information concerning the aircraft itself. the need for intermediaries (brokers, broker platforms) only adds the problem. bargaining power the suppliers relevant suppliers include aircraft manufacturers and service partners. these include, addition the fixed base operators (foo), oil companies, caterers, air traffic control (atc), providers flight planning services and so-called maintenance, repair and overhaul companies (mro). among aircraft suppliers, there currently strong competition due oversupply aircraft. the service providers are strong negotiating position due the current structure general aviation and especially business aviation. this view, one can speak generally valid view for all markets. ratings are special theoretical and practical trainings and subsequent exam specific one type aircraft that will entitle the pilot fly this type aircraft. e.g. reduction business flights from due the impact the global economy operator broker broker platforms operator operator associated with bizav operates one more aircraft for the business aviation. operator either only operator the aircraft (operator) owner and operator (operator owner). operator requires appropriate state licenses that entitle him operate business aircraft. the licenses must renewed periodically. the operator also ensures that all companies associated with the organization, and particular the personnel have the appropriate qualifications and keep them up-to-date. the operator responsible for flight operations, responsibility assigned crew ground crew for the respective mission according the qualifications the persons deployed. broker brokers does not operate their own aircraft. broker acts purely intermediary between the potential customer and the operator and without responsibility concerning the aviation aspect. selects the fitting aircraft from the operator for the customer, based the latter's requirements,r. for this action, mediation commission has paid. the flight itself settled with the operator, whereby not uncommon buy quotas they are offered. principle, specific business license required practice broker bizav. business aviation broker platforms broker platforms have emerged recent years these are accessible via internet restricted user group (operators, holders and brokers well agencies). principle, these platforms assume the role (additional) broker and are, however, primarily used brokers operators, and not customers, because the high usage costs. direct, electronic booking flights not possible via these portals today, they only offer contact information request forms. issues inspection the macro environment the sector and particular the bizav, shows framework conditions that affect the industry and particular the supply and demand structure. these include the economic, technological, ecological, political-legal and socio-cultural environment. analysis current problem areas the business sector, however, focuses the examination the microcosm and bizav, adding structure field and the internal structure the sector the logic macro-influential factors. summarized also referred aircraft fleet fleet only crews consisting pilots and stewards well ground personnel and government-mandated line managers well responsible persons avinode, returnjet, ainonline the fields have identified for the "functioning" the sector terms avinoc, current problem areas, are information and communication management well the rapidly increasing technologization. information and communication management the context our solution, information and communication management means the generation, procurement, provision and use all relevant information the relevant, temporal context, which ensures the "functioning" the business sector the sense optimal planning and execution the respective tasks well the implementation suitable information and communication structures. technologization technologization understand the degree automation and digitization the information and communication resources already used market participants, well the degree digitization the entire sector terms the use already available but not yet realized possibilities technology, digitization and automation. current characteristics within the identified problem areas bizav, there are currently number different forms issues, which are illustrated the following examples: empty flights empty flights (empty legs) the bizav are flights without passengers destination pick passengers away from destination after passengers have been dropped off. empty flights primarily mean sub-optimal use available resources and thereby cause low utilization the aircraft higher cost. the main reason for this the lack availability consistent, up-to-date and reliable information flight capacities, fuel, crews and infrastructure. although the balancing and offering such empty capacities handled platforms, they are often not connected and therefore operate islands. figure scheme classic empty flights (empty legs, depicted orange) intermediaries the term "intermediaries" the existing context means mainly the brokers and broker platforms. brokers and broker platforms are required establish the link between customers and operators the one hand, and conduct business behalf clients and operators the other hand. the work brokers characterized lack data availability, inconsistent and sometimes outdated data, low data reliability and high degree flexibility using many different systems. this causes high manual coordination effort e-mail, telephone and fax well complicated communication structures resulting large amounts time spent and high system costs. figure scheme structure today with intermediaries (brokers, platforms) inhomogeneity the systems and increasing complexity the information (data) required for optimal functioning basically existent the overall system (ga and bizav macro and micro environment) and used individual areas the form isolated solutions. however, large number different systems with sometimes considerable differences the technologies used are used the overall system, and their system compatibility and data homogeneity are very low. addition, all macro environments affecting the industry, speed and pressure increase, which turn increases the complexity the overall system. effects this are e.g. the high operational time required for all system participants due difficult communication and cooperation, high system costs, increased risk and high degree error proneness. this complicates cooperation and communication with business partners and customers and also interferes with internal business processes internal processes, any, must always adjusted "broken up" respond complex situations. employees, for example, are permanently prevented from doing their actual work coordination telephone calls. flow the future challenges bizav's future demands the market, addition solving the challenges technological and geopolitical change, are continuously optimize and subsequently automate processes. this also required accommodate future technologies that are currently the developmental even pre-delivery stage, e.g. integrate autonomous aircraft semi-autonomous classic aircraft into the organization. new technologies typically have high level readiness for automation and are designed for autonomous operation. organizations are therefore anxious adapt their structures the increasing automation. this includes the automation the functional technical operation organizations operating bizav its environment order safeguard bizav's growth and viability the future, will not only necessary optimize existing processes, but also develop and win new markets customer segments. the taxi and cargo areas represent the segments with the greatest potential, the claim exclusivity board does not necessarily have higher than scheduled charter aircraft. optimizing the empty-flight problem globally would mean losses for individual company. rather, the resulting cost reduction would mean win-win situation for the customer and the operator. the effect would also have positive effect between neighboring bizav companies, since cooperation would possible based enabler. here, cost reduction (see page based the number global empty flights, and individual cases even more. price reductions allow for the additional acquisition new customer segments, without having make fundamental changes the operation aircraft manufacturers would able bring new, simpler patterns the market current trends are already pointing this way, view the growing market for micro jets optimized for taxi flights. market growth increases, does the degree complexity implicit the market. new solutions require more resources, especially when new technologies systems are used. will necessary maintain and expand the existing flexibility bizav (see page order make the actual system purpose bizav sustainable. this flexibility requires much faster processes the future, which longer require manual intervention. this not only applies the actual operative business, but also the reporting the strategic area well the acquisition information and interaction with all stakeholders the scope (infrastructure). sense optimized process does not happen. avinocs survey aerospace found that there need high degree digitization bizav. this was confirmed information from audits the research funding society (ffg) and the federal office civil aviation (baz) austria. digitization basic requirement make automation possible. the corresponding system status bizav has hardly changed this day. however, the complexity the aviation business sector increased and digitization could not follow this field. third-party platforms produced network inhomogeneous islands. must remembered that the lack digitization can also seen opportunity. that step, often associated with additional expense digitization, could skipped and united under the aspect automation. such declined process could for example observed when introducing the cash register obligation croatia. previously, electronic cash registers the hospitality industry were only available very limited extent; digitization was not present. after that, almost everywhere mobile app solution was used that met all requirements and the same time the processes were optimized and some automated. that time, the development mobile networks and new opportunities app development were regarded enablers. apart from changed marketing activities the on-board service the infrastructure already provides certain approaches (information services airports, portals, systems fuel suppliers, engine monitoring using blockchain from r&r, nmoc). however, there are still major challenges, such the integration existing communication interfaces the simple integration existing solutions single communication infrastructure base data layer. the communication infrastructure requires high degree flexibility while reducing complexity and has cope with future challenges. modular, simple, extensible and yet integrate-able designs according defined standard offer possibility realize this. without compromise, the future system must ensure high degree security and stability global deployment, and must not exclude participants. vision and mission history avinoc, the form the "aviation network operation center", was developed erp cloud platform optimize processes high degree and strengthen the business operation the companies within bizav. its design and integrated data structure allows fully cover all the business processes bizav company and fully integrates suppliers from acquisition, through the tendering accounting and accounting modules, all financial aspects the operational business can covered. the system makes possible make offer the end customer immediately, since all (planning) data and system statuses are always date. addition, the complete technical operation was depicted and fully integrated the design and connected with the financial area. the technical area includes crew and qualification management, flight planning with company flight plans and route calculation, various maps, all necessary government-defined records and all necessary data for reporting all activities the company furthermore, already with the emergence avinoc, the idea was born make available empty flights internally via apis platforms third-party websites. this done voluntary basis each licensee avinoc. only feasible flights are offered (spam protection, quality and customer satisfaction). licensees can access defined set flight data from pilots other companies. the one hand, this represents official obligation and, the other hand, made possible plan flights better the basis the available duty times. information fuel suppliers and their availability, weather information, handling and airport gats and fees can also shared on-demand with other organizations the system. avinoc, the form the aviation network operation center, operates cloud solution and has enabled airlines streamline their operations for more than years while reducing the administrative burden and associated costs. with the emergence blockchain enabler and the strengthening blockchain public perception, well far-reaching improvements and elimination teething problems, avinoc's dispatch companies, free pilot logbooks, maintenance-and-repair, etc. engine and aircraft telemetry information, flight and tech-logs, logbooks, duty-times (these are recordings crews duty and working hours and are essential aspect aviation safety). transformation process from the aviation network operation "center" the aviation network operation "chain" began. the focus was transforming existing concepts the underlying architecture into blockchain solution under the premise substantial simplification and the added value integrated payment system, while the same time improving security and stability through the implicit mechanisms cryptography. vision our vision avinoc create unified, permissionless data base layer with integrated payment system for general aviation and particular for bizav make sustainable development possible. doing so, place particular emphasis optimizing processes fully automatizing them reduce communication flow times near zero and, the same time, allow payment for services the same speed. the means our choice here the blockchain, which specifically upgrade for the purpose. believe bizav motor for innovation and progress, and believe particular that will have far more potential the future than may currently imaginable many places. for us, avinoc means genuine and honest disruption order lay the foundation for the future bizav and, result,enable autonomous flying for operational businesses global basis objectives and mission make our vision reality, will start transforming bizav's existing processes and make them less complex and less time-consuming. the first instance, address communication and issues that currently lead high financial overhead and include the key challenges the bizav renewal process. here, focus the two problem areas represented intermediaries (brokers) and empty flights. the course our further activity, will try reconcile processes with infrastructure and all stakeholders involved and (re-) define suitable interfaces. demand management (or operational research) and later development, view all problem areas from the perspective systems science with the help system dynamics see ourselves project designed through and through for open-source community and the same time implementing all principles and methods project and quality management order comply with aviation safety and make sustainable. would like share our knowledge with the world soon have been able lay the foundation with avinoc blockchain solution and have everyone actively participate it. for this purpose, have also scheduled appropriate resources spread avinoc the the context, understand the term "disruption" always positive the sense completely innovative renewal. technical traffic communication, e.g. vehicle-to-infrastructure (vi) vehicle-to-vehicle (vv), the course aviation movements and coordination (e.g., collision avoidance, separation, etc.), not currently avinoc's goal ,,system dynamics method dealing with questions about the dynamic tendencies complex systems, that is, the behavioral patterns they generate over time" (d.m., world using existing resources, will create and operate the initial infrastructure necessary for avinoc and, part the project, will expand with strategic partners and authorities and let everyone participate it. with avinoc will deliver significant contribution the future general business aviation, the bizav. change avinoc aware, are aware, that "disruption general business aviation" can not happen overnight. people always need time adapt changes the environment. this especially true for complex markets and their stakeholders. nor can new markets developed instantaneously, especially when comes changes complex, situated structures, just aviation. the process must therefore gradual, dynamic, voluntary and barrier-free. additional efforts needed from the involved companies and especially from the customer are avoided. appreciate all these aspects and consider analysis and change management valuable tools our project. our experience well mistakes from the past enable preserve the "big picture", gradually rebuild expand and, necessary, completely redesign it. solution particular, would like point out readers this white paper that this not technical implementation guide. discuss technical solutions insofar the explanation requires. the solution described below avinoc the aviation network operation "chain". accordance with the defined problem areas and causal relationships, focus our attention eliminating these our solution and ultimately provide the appropriate conditions for the system. root cause analysis the following influencing factors can recorded the system model causes for the occurrence intermediaries and empty flights: communication time required all information acquisition processes. increases with the degree complexity and the number stakeholders involved carrying out flight. manual intervention, tuning required approval process steps increases the communication time and consequently the entire process time. likewise, manual decisions may cause process crashes. transparency currently virtually non-existent bizav, all companies fear losing customers competitors. this leads secrecy and and the companies isolating themselves. the see also "how use and distribute" the token for future developments, marketing, and strategic partnerships https://www.avinoc.com resulting low level transparency leads intensifying control loops (causal loops, from the cld) which additional, time-consuming efforts can identified the main cause. process time (in general) additional factor which increases the overall time for planning flight together with communication time, with each additional loop (pass). process accesses are only digitized places. some places there are interfaces (nmoc but these are inadequately interconnected, not all their design very provider-specific. integration requires additional adaptation efforts and updating the supplier side and rarely exists for individual solutions. standards there are many standard aviation, but there are none for the coordination bizav flights and planning, nor for procurement. all providers have their own structure within each isolated solution (platform app). even large authority complexes, such those faa and easa are inadequately compatible with each other their systems. there uniform protocol for the exchange planning information. application and requirements aircraft can only operated efficiently the administrative and organizational environment provides suitable conditions. there should manual entries within the defined process flow (from offer payment), which could not already replaced automatisms today. redundancies and the manual semiautomatic transfer synchronization data demand unacceptable additional time and effort. all time spent the system model increasing the systemic effort must restricted their effect completely canceled out. full digitization with inherent automation already implicit the design allows meet future challenges bizav, remedy failures the past this context, create worldwide free access and sustainable operation with all its implications, such effect the required cost reduction. for model produce integer data must based consistent standards information and communication layer level. these define the structure and, its technical realization base layer including all necessary interfaces, allows the exchange all relevant information for the coordination flights and infrastructure information the bizav. the model permissionless, selfregulating and ensures the creation integer data. the introduction non-relevant information information that offers advantage only one market participant, are avoided design, accordance with game-theoretical considerations and economic public interest. will use network manager operations centre (nmoc, previously also cfmu) eurocontrol technology that meets these requirements. only blockchain technology offers the suitable solution. cope with all eventualities, the classic blockchain model only needs adapted include point-to-point privacy. the payment system, implicitly integrated into the blockchain design, essential asset result, the information flow and the financial flow are equally fast, with the process speed the system thus heading for its theoretical optimum. privacy-classes since aviation business comprises organizations competition one another (see .), fundamental questions about the architecture the system need asked. expanded, decentralized and permissionless blockchain can solve the apparent contradiction transparency and desired privacy. which data are readable for all market participants? what required align the organization with the rest the market? which kind coordination does the market require? what allowed transparent definition? this the kind information that should made available directly indirectly (for example via brokers portals), such information flights, deploy-able crews (if they are self-employed leased personnel), information about the infrastructure (airports, handling, opening hours), notams etc. this information must always available anywhere. solving the empty flight problem,, for example, directly related unrestricted access data this kind. what must visible market participants? from aviation point view, this information that guarantees the safety aviation. these data need not public nature, but every legitimate stakeholder the system must have access it. these are data that are required recorded the authorities and companies must submit them request periodic intervals. for example, pilot logs must known every company which the crew member has planning perform duty (duty-times regulations). third parties, organizations (with the exception authorities) who have never worked together with the crews, not need this information. the same applies airplanes changing operator, here the entire data must made available. nevertheless, protection this information still primary concern, since accordance with recent developments such the implementation the gdpr these would considered personal data. this puristic consideration considering the original purpose. notice (s) airmen, are orders and information temporary permanent changes the aeronautical information publication (aip) general data protection regulation (gdpr), regulation the european union for the protection personal data, trends there are worldwide. which data are only readable for business partners? the essential issue is: which trade secrets have kept and what are they? identifiable customer agreement with supplier can understood data this kind. this applies most contract contents this context, with the exception general information for finding the contracting parties, official price lists general, publicly available information. general requirements thus, following general requirements can deduced: data must integer, homogeneous and transparent according the definitions the standard data that are completely protected visible only subset stakeholders, have place the blockchain data must processed real time prevent delays intensifying systemic loops the system must decentralized and permissionless not present entry barrier order accepted the market, the technical barrier for the implementation party applications kept low regulations and laws must given special consideration aviation approaches the answers the above questions have shown that blockchain solution can meet all requirements. aviation requires high transaction speed meet the demands ad-hoc information flow. the system must therefore specially adapted with additional components. the blockchain mainly responsible for the handling general, public data and serves addition the classic payment system parameterizable trigger system for advanced smart contracts. not possible map all the relevant options and links apart from normal operation, which occur aviation daily basis, classic smart contracts. already the handling simple flights, classic smart contracts would not work efficiently case extraordinary event, and might fail more serious exceptional events. solving the resulting problems, such reversed transactions, cancellations, etc., additional system energy would required. again and again, extraordinary events occur aviation (such route deviations due weather events geopolitical and geographical circumstances), and complex and from global viewpoint, non-uniform judiciary prevails. illustrate this, simple flight and its payment could handled smart contract. everything works smoothly, the debt could simply settled (flight operations). however, soon occurrence prevent the debtor from paying off the debt, all situational distinctions case-law would inevitably have made accordance with prevailing law, transnationally and, particular, aviation transport guidelines. these are complex, non-uniform and sometimes contradictory regulations that would produce highly complex and extremely error-prone contract the one hand and, the other hand, could not reproduced code because contradictions that occur places. smart contract with fault therefore rejected for safety and efficiency reasons aviation. the additional time and effort needed eliminate errors smart contracts contradiction the basic idea optimization. avinoc therefore integrates its blockchain generic pointpoint smart contract (ppsc, see page business relationship management system, enabling advanced smart contracts based traditional contracts and fully compliant with jurisprudence. blockchain the blockchain avinoc allows the exchange all relevant information which (according page page must available principle. this includes all information flights, such the aircraft identifier pattern (type aircraft), departure and arrival times (in utc), and information about the respective airport (icao -code). addition, desired the operator, the freely available capacity indicated and stored parameter the transaction. this information comes from avinoc's integrated slot management and allows simple status queries based simple traffic light scheme (red, yellow, green). subsequently, the status queries are also necessary for effecting flight booking. all information available the status tree. they contain all related resources and their further availabilities underlying branches this way, avinoc implicitly ensures hoc information flow. the user (operator, customer, supplier) recognizes which elements are missing for flight. third parties can adapt and hoc adjust their projects, such flights sub-projects, such crew deployment, fuel deliveries, etc. new changed statuses. customers passenger cargo flights can thus keep the status their business plans up-to-date. the event cancellations, can used immediately book new slot based further availabilities. the future, ais will also play major role predicting the development status time series and the basis the basic possibility the analyzable behavior the system all individual market participants all relevant information that makes flight possible the first place and has impact its planning, thus coordinated design within the blockchain and changes according the required standard mutual dependence. this allows for the emergence living "aviation organism" that knows its "system status" all times and can respond dynamically changing situations. for example, there are openly known inconsistencies the easa's duty-time regulations regarding time-of-flight definitions between local time and utc. its occurrence highly probable according common error theories when increasing complexity. icao international civil aviation organization) seats and cargo, volume weight for example, the flight depends the availability the aircraft, which turn depends the fuel purchased particular location particular time, etc. the development ai-driven systems for predictions not, for the time being, part the development avinoc. ... introduction and initialization for flight take place, aircraft required the aircraft must therefore initialized once the blockchain form the basis for flights. for the initialization the aircraft, the sense "high value asset" the blockchain, the transaction costs will higher than, for example, for crews individual, relevant persons operational function. depending the economic performance parameters each class objects (aircraft, pilots, stewards, operations managers, suppliers, etc.) that are brought into the avinoc blockchain, corresponding functional units supply chain model, container, there are more less high transaction costs. thus, upon entry into the system, corresponding protection against participants actions unwanted the market already granted the game-theoretical approach implicit the blockchain mind you, the blockchain and remains self-regulating this approach. once objects have been introduced the blockchain (containers), they can then simply passed around, for example, the aircraft between different operators. they always use the same, real object and represent virtually. another positive side effect is, for example, that the change identifiers due change ownership (change owner) always remains completely traceable. the aircraft, virtual container, always remains the same. the information from the container follows the principles perfect log, blockchain general. the same applies pilots and other objects virtualized the blockchain and, subsequently, all flights that have been finalized. thus, the system meets the requirements the authorities and additionally increases the safety aviation. economically, the respective organization has full cost control and cost transparency globally, integer and homogeneous database. ... business operations daily flight scheduling operations, each entry the block chain tagged transaction with variable transaction costs. avinoc's underlying design strives make the transaction costs all flight components self-financing, demanding only very small part the savings from the elimination intermediaries and all related costs. for full-availability ("green") status, flights avinoc will require ready-to-operate aircraft and ready-for-action crews accordance with aviation regulations (e.g., two-person cockpit operation for passenger transportation commercial flights). availability crews and aircraft implies, the one hand, the physical availability specific location given time and, the other hand, the existence necessary qualifications and recurring checks and exams that have been passed once available flights are put into the blockchain, gaps resulting from the empty leg problem, can closed all market participants. the planning information available the blockchain immediately known all market participants. other operators, crews, platform providers can identify all empty-legs flights tagged for jet-sharing based the location and time information available globally and instantly the blockchain. changes are also identifiable and immediately compensated replacement airplane, helicopters, drones and airships the introduction of, for example, many aircraft requires only one-time, but total high costs. these costs are far higher than the (reprehensible) purpose, which also can not target single market participant, then abuse will not find breeding ground (because too expensive). the aviation context, also referred qualification management aircraft checks. flights. possible react large-scale and extraordinary events immediately and scheduling can adapted accordingly. advanced infrastructure information preserves full predictability. the focus here not the cause for the changes, but immediate global communication the change. accordance with existing agreements made via ppsc, default reactions for exceptional cases can also defined. companies avinoc are not yet contractual relationship with each other, the ppsc model integrated avinoc allows the connection via flight information. thus, avinoc creates bizav market network that individually tailored specific needs and preferences. ... the flight customer talk about "empowering" the customer and mean that way. closer look reveals that all information underlying the blockchain provides the basis for direct booking platform even for end users. they only need made available the market through apps platforms the customer able instantaneously identify and book his relevant flights based planning information. represents, well the original broker, client, whose order has fulfilled the operator. for the protection the customers, they individual customers only booking single seat business men booking the complete aircraft, penalty system integrated the blockchain. this system can customized all participants the market, whereby avinoc can provide offset the design. cancellation conditions are defined the ppsc system and come into effect under specific circumstances previously defined between the contractual partners. payment made immediately and directly the blockchain according the terms the contract. for example, the cancellation flight the operator allows immediate compensation payment (possible set authorities) individual amounts penalties. the time factor plays essential role here. until shortly before the flight, substitute flight can immediately found from another provider (operator), also due the extensive database the blockchain and its transparency. this will reduce the number actual cancellations flights the supply and demand sides and replace them successively with another model. avinoc attaches great importance promoting the self-regulatory nature the market. pointpoint-smart-contracts (ppsc) the existing blockchain will adapted with generic ppsc system. this allows the use advanced smart contracts that are concluded between two market participants. the digital contracts are fully compliant with the law with regards national international judiciaries and especially terms aviation law considerations. they merely represent expanded electronic image conventional contracts and are clearly identifiable signatures. the connection happens the same way the beginning business relationship, consciously and temporarily, under full control natural disasters, geopolitical circumstances, major weather conditions this usually done avinoc's built-in interfaces and apps, and subsequently third parties part open source thinking strategic partnerships. the business partners. the basic hierarchy model independent and allows network island-like connections between the participants. all participants retain full control over their contracts and can freely decide which network structure they want form belong to. the blockchain serves the basis for triggering the contracts, whereby parameters for quantities can included triggers. the blockchain also helps gain information about potential partners suppliers. the ppsc avinoc are activated triggers (transactions) via blockchain. here, too, accordance with economic parameters, transaction costs are incurred, which can individually negotiated and designed between the partners means contract. multiple triggering, with additional (quantity) parameters available the blockchain, possible well the one-time triggering contract and its subsequent termination contracts can also entered "freely" into the system and found via flights the blockchain each only limited number users (see ..). the offering tickets for empty flights, for example, such contract. with the help the ppsc, the degree decentralization avinoc increases. individual contracts can concluded according current law, but they can still managed and executed completely electronically (see ..). addition, contracts avinoc comply with aviation law requirements and fully obey the terms transport company. elaborate design code logic not required. the contracts include bidirectional criteria set contract terms top-down bottom-up for bizav companies well for the related aviation infrastructure and supply industry, this means easy way transform existing contracts with suppliers into the digital world without any noteworthy effort. furthermore, the possibility immediately conclude and execute contract without further manual input well immediate payment means avinocoins, that are integrated the blockchain, constitute significant additional benefits. the end will form cohesive, global "organism" the form decentralized marketplace network within bizav, there compulsion, each participant avinoc can decide completely independently, based the information available the blockchain, who commission supplier (opt-in), which customer fly with which operator choose. ppsc creates islands that can chain together without constraints and autonomously. the blockchain serves "activator" the one hand and "executor" the defined contracts the other hand smart treaty procurement (stp) ppsc introduces order and contract management within avinoc. contracts contain the complete, digitally usable specification the desired order and are digitally signed. for the purpose complete automation, contracts that are interdependent can triggered the blockchain. this results chain reaction which all contractual components and contracts subcontractors and their suppliers are themselves triggered. for example, open contract representing offered flight booked customer the internet under its contract terms. the flight sets off cascade further, one-off permanent contracts with e.g. connected the personnel (pilots), fuel suppliers handling agents. this cascade activated single e.g. contract with fuel supplier and triggering certain amount fuel the refueling process certain time e.g. buying ticket operating flight e.g. directly executable the system, terms cancellation the customer operator side, discounts, etc. trigger the blockchain, the booking and payment the ticket, immediate and legally valid. thus, avinoc allows the full empowerment the customers with just one click. the blockchain takes over the cascaded triggering all connected orders and makes possible compare the financial status all involved parties present this availability advance the customer can only book the flight has the required amount avinocoins his wallet. automation triggering further orders subcontractors also possible with parameterized token. for example, the parameter could contain the booked seats. the supplier side, for example, the quantity fuel defined and settled promptly. linking the contracts provides avinoc with instant information and financial flow that promptly provides status updates the blockchain. the affected containers (aircraft, flights, suppliers) are thus always kept date and other participants the system can adjust again automatically, according their contract cascades. essential element this approach avinoc the protection trade secrets simultaneously coupled with transparency all processes defined the blockchain architecture (see page and status. the generic approach, contracts are negotiated only between participants who know each other (mesh, see also page contracts with legal character will digitally signed. contractor and client can freely define their contracts and all further dependencies. the token can processed using client contract management provided avinoc. this approach provides the possibility integrate avinoc carrier stages thus effect smooth change. companies can freely decide which contracts define and which partners work with, once, permanently even parameterized, the course permanent agreements with suppliers suitable terms. ... bidirectional smart criteria (bsc) bidirectional smart criteria are applicable every contract will and can defined the user the contract partner according the possibilities avinoc. they define certain parts the contract, that need fulfilled, digital form. they are readable fully automated, standardized and can passed suppliers required. each supplier can add further criteria (hierarchy) and pass the existing ones. here, certain criteria may mandatory, such the definition the number crew members for flight, the minimum amount fuel that the aircraft needs for holding and reserve. thus, the one hand, possible prove that own supply contracts are valid under the criteria higher-level orders and, the other hand, that the conditions flight safety can fulfilled. this makes possible the "the contract guarantees", assurance with regard the feasibility the services included the orders (was the right services ordered the right conditions, the right quantity, the right quality, etc.), knowledge about data properties (criteria) tier-n without seeing actual data and trade secrets (zero-knowledge-proof), e.g. case insufficient funds, supplies resources available contractor knowledge third parties regarding internal processes, contracts, volumes, etc. across all tier, tier the strengthening aviation security and the traceability via the corresponding triggers the blockchain the sense complete log infrastructure data all aeronautical infrastructure information relevant flight operations, such weather information, notams, atc concerns, warnings, etc., even purely data, can accessed and treated services provided directly involved suppliers within the avinoc scope, using ppsc and getting paid for with avinocoins. here, too, progress from fixed costs and lump sums real costs services actually obtained. this leads cost reduction for aviation companies and increase quality the part the providers, since services can now evaluated more detail due the increased transparency. transactions, payment and costs the case transactions the blockchain, there are fixed well individual transaction costs agreed between market participants. these cover, among other things, the blockchain operation and guarantee the required level security and protection from malfunction and disruptive activities. principle, apart from the one-time "purchase", the initialization the object, the use avinoc means only variable costs. this allows complete and simple financial planning based the order situation, similar the resource consumption energy fuel. here, avinoc able show detail all the expected costs based the contracts concluded with the suppliers and the information available from flight planning. the flight customer thus receives precise offer. leaving aside the integrated payment system, whose prices depend the market participants and their services, and which can customized, the costs for all transactions within the blockchain are low. the reduction costs effected foregoing intermediaries (brokers and their portal solutions) are fully visible the company and are only marginally affected transaction costs the blockchain. from the point view airline the aviation industry, avinoc basically finances itself operation. stakeholder and user-stories because avinoc's focus the interface between all stakeholders and the aviation industry, both and segments are given equal attention. usecases should not understood avinoc's own. instead they present the many possibilities that avinoc brings parties like system integrators, app developers, big airline companies, etc. well the passenger. following are few examples possible interactions between different stakeholders which should further explain this topic with specific usecases: booking aircraft (bizav) for specific reason general view business customers well private customers and organizations are given direct access all available aircraft and can then book their aircraft directly from the operator. the avinocoin the one hand used utility for all transactions (adding the flight the blockchain, booking the flight, booking the crew, etc.) and the other hand for direct payment the flight and all related fees (crews, handling, airport-fees, etc.). booking flight (airline/charter) general view with avinoc, passengers are able view and book flights from all available offers, that are provided airlines, charter-companies and even small bizav companies. all offers will made available parties like (airlines, travel agencies and portal-operators) through the use apps. company favored here. preferences can always filtered out bsc base. services from suppliers (bizav): handling agents are needed gat's provide support for the customers, monitor the refueling the aircraft and match the flight plans. these agents stand direct relation the operator (or some cases the subcontractor) and have valid contract according the stp. when planing, the blockchain triggers the availability services that the handling agent can provide. also compensates the contractually defined services, after the payment from the customer, directly according bsc and all their triggered positions. planing, provision and payment crews: aside from services that result from employment, crews can also paid for their planned and/or performed services (depends the contract). this case, the blockchain able determine the exact supply and availability crews the needed location. the planing this can done the crews (self-employed) themselves operators/airlines they are employed there. addition this, avinoc has the power compensate for accuring changes outages because all data available any time. this makes individual uses the base predictions possible. that means, even crews not present the needed location before the time they are needed, the system can determine their arrival there and plan their next deployment. payment the crew also handled the same way with sub-companies the previous chapter. ... relevant stakeholders industry can defined as: first sight, all relevant stakeholders for avinoc the aviation passengers (end consumer) searching for either flights additional services, requesting booking and paying operators (bizav) planing and offering flights, paying suppliers (crews, handling, fuel, etc.), payment airlines tickets and additional services for planned flights (schedule charter), paying crews, catering etc. payment handling-agents offering and planing services, payment crews offering services, payment catering offering and planing services, payment fuel-suppliers offering and planing services, payment meteo/atc/airports/etc. provision services, payment exchanges and platforms (airlines well) offering gateways well buying and selling avinocoin other (partners from the mro-section, other blockchains, aeronautics supervision, authorities, etc. (with interest avinoc's business) platform avinoc blockchain adapted for contract management, ppsc. mesh network blockchain hybrid with autarkic nodes. participants define permissions only their data and only the ppsc system. the blockchain itself avinoc remains permissionless, transparent and decentralized true the inventor's intentions.f dapis, rd-parties, standards addition the functionalities already explained, avinoc offers distributed interfaces (distributed api, dapi) for third parties all data stored avinoc -units only, including aviation data. therefore, the first release also includes the implementation conversion functions for input and output from the system, which are freely configurable depending the region and operation the user side avinoc effects the standardization the database and ensures complete compatibility accordance with homogeneous and integer database platform provider, app developer, open source community, etc si, international size and unit system with basic sizes for example, western europe uses aviation nautical miles (nm) indicate distances. for passengers, these are shown km, but russia, for example, also uses aviation km. this feature already implemented avinoc the erp solution and has been successful continuous operation since approach and stages development the technical implementation the avinoc blockchain effected the form several consecutive logical development stages. stage one, the basis the blockchain incl. all necessary standards (see ..)) developed, which already enables the integration and provision all relevant data all market participants. containers such aircraft and crews are already included. the same time, the development dapis and clients for party applications takes place. second step, further infrastructure (containers), such suppliers fuel, handling agents, etc, will implemented the already executable model. stage two, development the ppsc system will effected the same time order design the contracting the third step development, the platform for authorities, atc etc. will opened and further infrastructure well further smart criteria will added. the development party applications can take place the same time all stages development, necessary. integrating the open source community into the project key aspect, however avinoc will determine the when and how the implementation all planned applications. the initial roll-out after the first development phase will effected after the construction and configuration the infrastructure (nodes) and expected take place will make use already existing resources our partners and adapt them according the required and predicted capacity and load requirements. work with gitlab internally and for distribution our nodes. accordance with the requirements, set different projects repos and always use three branches initially, only our production branch will available github. date yet determined, the corresponding repos projects github can only changed the avinoc team roll-outs are then scheduled after the first (genesis) release (cd ci). corresponding schedules will also published. any source code for blockchain (core), dapis, etc. will available github via our account and maintained our team. have registered large number avinoc. *-domains advance for corresponding projects side acts. these will consequently used from project start and support avinoc brand during the implementation community projects and events. competitors competitors are companies that have competitive relationship with avinoc provider comparable services. the competitive relationship exists both parties attempt place similar services within the same group users and thus affect the competitive behavior one another. the context our services, distinction must also made between the technologies used (blockchain conventional). the target group the same for all competitors, however, the use initially with sufficient set smart criteria irrespective this, expansion projects third parties can emerge independent entities the same time- feel free. the account already exists under the name avinocico, https://github.com/avinocico blockchain technology drastically improves the approach and accessibility the target group. competitors blockchain technology analyzes the blockchain "crypto world" have not yet identified any direct competitors who have made their business deal with empty leg flight issues, intermediaries the handling and operating business bizav. avinoc currently the only blockchain solution for bizav worldwide that being positioned the market according its system purpose and content (see page there are already blockchain projects the related environment connected the subject bizav, but are part the periphery the avinoc solution. there exists, for example, "aeron" (https://aeron.aero/), who have made flight schools, pilots and consequently the increase aviation security through transparent logs their system focus. "windingtree" (https://windingtree.com/) serves the aviation-related scheduled airline business, trying replace global players and wellknown travel platforms this area. the gsc aviation company, which has not yet appeared public, planning ico operate the supply chain the mro area (https://www.linkedin.com/company/gscaviation/). all these companies are not fact direct competitors because the services offered and therefore not pose threat avinoc. rather see opportunities for cooperation and possible connection solutions and knowledge, because these solutions could complement each other. competitors conventional (not blockchain) technology there number apparent competitors and existing solutions the current non-blockchain world. however, due the technology used, these, unlike avinoc, can meet the challenges posed only very limited extent. first and foremost there the "avinode" platform, which has become one the world's largest marketing and advertising platforms for business charter flights. the business model avinode, however, differs all the important ways from what blockchain solution requires makes possible. unlike avinoc, avinode set centralistically. direct booking e.g. not possible this system. tests the fdsc showed that out flights offered avinode could not executed. addition, there are high costs for access, which controlled avinode alone. our estimation, avinode unlikely able fundamentally change its own business model and operational structure the near future launch avinoc-style block switching solution. aside from avinode, there large number platforms dedicated the specific subjects empty flights charters bizav. however, these ever only address specific area problem area bizav, but not the entire area, avinoc does. addition, these are not based blockchain technology either, they are economic islands and barely connected and thus have the same basic issues all other non-blockchain solutions. judging from the the lack technological solutions the market, combined with the inflexibility many established companies, see only small risk getting serious competitor the start avinoc this assessment furthermore suggests that the use blockchain technology not primary business goal many companies, since the topic itself well the "intrinsic system understanding" seem absent many places. can therefore make the most our technical and technological advantage and the flexibility our start-up. quality and risks serve aviation with our system. this economic sector that consider particularly worthy protection and whose integrity upheld. therefore, avoid unwanted risks already the planning phase and, doing so, also proceed according the iso model order meet the highest quality standards. regarding regulations, would again like refer you the already existing provisions our general terms and conditions (https://www.avinoc.com/terms), which allow initial, international business operation. regulations avinoc includes token (or coin) handle the cash flows the blockchain and supplement the information stream. avinoc aware the risks that crypto currencies are currently experiencing. are also aware that, the current spirit optimism, many countries and public authorities can not keep pace with progress. this may create uncertainties the use implementation blockchain solutions with payment function countries that generally provide legal certainty. therefore,new regulations are being introduced many places and will with increasing likelihood the future that could also affect avinoc. due the current situation, have therefore chosen hong kong our location because gives degree legal certainty, least for the next two years. the use avinoc must possible worldwide and remain secure during the course market entry and, consequently, operation. therefore strive cooperate with the main aviation authorities (faa, eurocontrol, etc.) and international organizations (icao, iaopa, iata, etc.). likewise, are trying uphold avinoc its system purpose and ensure the aspects "transparent", "decentralized" and "permissionless", while keeping compliant with all existing regulations the financial market. order achieve this goal, work only with certain agencies and partners (eg. coinfinity, blockpit) and list our tokens coins only exchange markets that follow the relevant regulations. strongly oppose money laundering and the financing illegal activities and plan and develop avinoc with special regard these aspects. the same procedure was already followed during the development and operation the erp- cloud (aviation network operation centers), pass the biannual audits the austrian aviation authority (baz). was paramount avoid any risk losing operational effectiveness and ensure the highest quality terms safety, stability and conformity. development looking the expertise our team and its composition, see only very low risk not reaching our goal. nevertheless, counteract with seminars and permanent, lifelong learning last not least from other team members. are especially concerned with the understanding and the underlying philosophy blockchain. regarding the development corresponding measures have been started. location graz austria and its organization and human resources development, see slightly increased risk not being able hire suitable personnel timely manner. are already aware that issue and have therefore taken appropriate measures and necessary, our partners can support us. purchasing technology outsourcing development not option for us. the quality the services currently available the market for blockchains either does not meet our standards too expensive. likewise, security aspects must observed order protect the interests our community. like split the work and value distributed work well creativity, and recognize the knowledge our employees and partners the most important asset avinoc. therefore, attach great importance stable company, order avoid the risk knowledge drain through personnel turnover. corresponding measures for knowledge management have been mapped. one essential approach avoid complexity and rigid hierarchy within the organization has consequently been planned flat and highly interconnected. systems/infrastructure our world changing, attacks the cyberspace are daily occurrences. our team has gained more than years team experience operating highly sensitive systems the internet. the same has been true for the security wallets, they "cold" "hot", since this has allowed our team develop very good awareness security issues within this context over the years. for us, the gdpr also represents instrument security for the are committed security-by-design, which allows for cost-efficient operation. all our systems and security solutions are developed in-house. almost exclusively use software that has proven itself could intensively tested. abstain from the purchase software whose source code can not see. however, this increases the need for quality control and quality assurance. are counteracting this using solid quality management and have already defined appropriate functions crypto-currency risks are currently prevalent the crypto currency market. therefore, payment for goods and services often only possible with the help "intermediaries" order reduce losses due exchange rate risk. for the stability avinoc its utilization phase, have designed system which the price performance can remain stable, independent from external price fluctuations that could affect avinocoins and the trading within avinoc minimize the risk jeopardizing the development budget through price fluctuations the market after the sale tokens means sound financial management and the constitution reserves. focus more the security aspect keeping certain proportion fiat money available and less the possibility speculating the amount crypto money (eth btc) purchased calculated the development budget according these criteria, and, gradually, the selling price our tokens and the underlying distribution see. various studies the "big kpmg cyber security further information will published the release avinoc. avinoc not intended speculative investment vehicle. model will correspond them would like state that the world crypto-currency there cannot any precise predictions about the development courses over longer period time (at least not from today's perspective). therefore, the financial security our project and thus the securing the development budget, including all accompanying measures (marketing, sales, strategic partners, etc.), more important than high, but highly uncertain speculative profit recognize the potential the crypto world, understand its character and are responsible for our employees and their families the here and now. with avinoc try establish solution with which will able move with all the "streams" the real world the near future. aviation risks aviation competition the industry have already been discussed the chapter page consider the risks changing market, which could endanger the development avinoc, very unlikely occur because the inertia the market and our organizational structure and solution. the risk not being able enter into the necessary strategic partnerships estimated equally low, aviation always striving optimize profitability and increase security. likewise, are pleased see that the aviation sector currently undergoing major changes and major manufacturers, such rolley roys, airbus air asia are beginning implement blockchain solutions. minimize further risks terms market development, appropriate funds have also been budgeted (see use funds). license for aviation business. the moment, not need any aviation business license develop and consequently establish avinoc. likewise, our system not primarily relevant terms air traffic safety, has direct influence the process air traffic nor does deal with the quality and certification of, for example, spare parts. air traffic regulations their changes therefore represent only minor risk restricting operations. avinoc primarily serves the business side the market and allows status inquiries about information that has already been verified means the needed qualifications the participants and only enter the system the contracting parties are agreement. this also implies the use bsc, which may required from the query side. the responsibility provide data manner relevant aviation law lies with the respective participant. this context avinochain checks the quality the data (by design) and enables integer basis. necessary, our experts are able obtain further approvals, which comply with all aviation regulations order have avinoc certified this regard. scenario-analysis analysis. refrain from scenario analysis, but note that, according initial cost estimates, sums below usd million would mean greater uncertainty the development avinoc, including all accompanying measures, regarding successful launch, would like point out explicitly that can make changes depending the situation, according our terms and conditions. this done solely protect avinoc and its community. see that may delayed. more precise statements can found later the implementation business plans. development projections for the future bizav delphi study conducted the european business school (ebs) paris, france, total projections were developed seven topics (customer behavior, growth drivers, value added, business models, environmental factors, substitution potentials and technologies). the following excerpt provides brief overview interesting future scenarios the context the potential development opportunities and activities avinoc. [see. lang a., s.ff] new, smaller aircraft and jet types that allow long haul flights and transatlantic point-to-point connections will available bizav. traffic from, and within emerging markets (especially brazil, russia, india, china and the middle east) will the main business aviation growth drivers. demand for business aviation will exceed the projected annual growth rate for general aviation. business aviation will increasingly provide access remote areas and free trade areas. airport dedicated business aviation airports will develop. very light jets (vljs) and air taxi services will increasingly used meet short-distance demand (see, e.g., eclipse number medical transports chartered business jets will increase sharply. chartered business jets will increasingly used for emergency freight transport. business aviation customers will increasingly demand efficient and convenient aviation services without time loss. business aviation customers will increasingly demand integrated one-stop door-to-door services (one-stop-shopping). the use business aviation socially accepted. members the business aviation transport chain (airlines, airports, air traffic control, etc.) will work together system partnerships outlook development potential for airlines and charter even scheduled and charter flights, intermediaries the form booking platforms and price comparison portals have entered the market steadily increasing numbers over the past years. the original idea behind these intermediaries was increase the transparency available offers from the airlines, which would, the one hand, increase the potential passengers' benefit through better access information, and the other hand improve the airlines' potential capacity utilization. since then, however, the platforms' and portals' market power has grown such extent that, the one hand, the airlines'contribution margins have come under massive pressure, caused e.g. the portals pitting the airlines against each other through artificially created non-transparencies, quotations, etc., and the other hand, air ticket prices for customers are sometimes far above the regular prices offered the airlines because additional fees charged the platforms. moreover, bookings via these portals are often cumbersome and sometimes non-transparent. particular, hidden costs and obscure contractual components make difficult reverse the contract and/or take appropriate action relation applicable passenger rights agreements. addition, operating expenses for airlines have been increasing, due the need deal with these providers. the airlines are forced provide and maintain staff and appropriate systems and interfaces for data exchange (costs, overhead). there are other problems well, e.g. customers receiving different prices for the same flight offered, sometimes without the actual provider's the airline's knowledge, the prices depending different parameters (that are determined the tracking their activity and are time-related place-related) well changing booking situations. nutshell, intermediaries the context the airline business, have assumed market-dominating and market-dictating position beyond their system purpose. neither passengers nor airlines are the winners here, since direct contact the customers must first made via portal and information will therefore get lost both sides. many airlines have started discontinue use this system are considering it, yet doing means loss market access. cost-intensive measures are will required compensate for this. however, isolated solutions will not work well globally implemented solutions due higher fixed cost share. this and the wish for capacity compensation leads the forming alliances, which result intentional well unwanted dependencies. avinoc able solve these issues the scheduled flight charter flight sector creating the corresponding basic data layer the replacement layer, the sense the described solution for business aviation. avinoc generic and non-complex system. does not favor anyone and does not exclude anyone (permissionless), which also implies that airlines can participate avinoc, and avinoc will and can never prevent it. from marketing price comparison and finally booking, avinoc allows airlines direct contact the customers while creating the greatest possible transparency for offers and prices market conditions for all market participants. avinoc's blockchain, contract management stp page and bidirectional smart criteria bsc ... page can used "as-is" without additional expansion customiza- tion for operational use airlines for ticket booking and payment, but principle also for all other operational activities. catering, for example, could further optimized, made more individual, and the current overhead costs services could reduced. optimal amount service objects carried the aircraft (food, drinks, etc.) would also help save fuel costs. the same time, the customer's empowerment lost through intermediary platforms re-established through the possibility simple direct bookings (with avinoc practically via "the billboard") the airlines. services can obtained "just time", according availabilities, before well during the flight. intermediaries, the form booking platforms and price comparison portals, will longer required. the equilibrium the airline market will restore itself through the claims originally defined the customer (quality, performance, service, security execution, transfer times, etc.), and the market will longer influenced intermediaries. with avinoc, customers can book individual contracts (tickets) offered the airlines well individual additional services on-ground and in-air, on-demand, the crucial aspect being that additional effort the side the airlines will involved. additional equipment staff will required for the execution operational activities using avinoc these activities can carried out the existing staff without any extra effort with avinoc, individual, automated contracts between airlines and bizav partners are possible, for example, combining contracts e.g. allowing passengers transpacific flight further transfer air taxi other means transport their final destination additional organizations are needed for the processing time and effort from professional and technical point view can minimized subcontractors the transfer business can use avinoc easily and without access restrictions. the use avinoc scheduled and charter traffic creates win-win situation for airlines and customers, generating higher contribution margins the one hand and lower prices the passenger side through the full automation all relevant processes. team the development team avinoc international, formed company austria. consists aviation, business, logistics experts and experts the development complex systems and blockchain solutions. more than years experience it, business management, aviation and, since the field blockchain technology, make possible substantial development and sustainable solution. the development and project team, well strategic and operational such food and beverages well some additional services such transfers, etc. example "individual catering": the passengers can receive service on-demand. this provided the cabin crew and the passengers pay directly via smart device via the blockchain. this case, photographing code the desired object, e.g. beverage bottle basically all they have do. the cabin crew can but does not have carry additional equipment for the handling (smart device). the cabin crew does not have carry out any further administrative work after the provision the service, suppliers the operations center. all information already available the ground and the caterer can order the new contingent according existing claims (reservations) forecasts for the next time the the aircraft will used, the correct terminal automatically and suitable quality, using stp bsc (full automation). current need for use cases for transfers the maldives asia africa oceania ... functions, partners, advisers and employees the respective partner companies founders are involved. gradually being expanded with national and international expert staff. the first instance, strive for cooperation with graz university technology (tu) the graz know-center the graz and university graz, the karl-franzens universitaet graz an. the infrastructure for the operation and development the blockchain, including all technical equipment (network, platforms, internet architecture, git, etc.), has been use with partners since the beginning avinoc's planning. allows the team short reaction times, modern and solid teamwork and location independence, while taking into account all safety-relevant aspects. all major developments are done in-house. find below short introduction the members the avinoc team, which will formed for the development project separate company after the closing the public sales phase development area aviation expertise michael linder, ing. msc., cio michael enthusiastic and creative team player who passionate about introducing new enterprise technologies, including avinoc. completed his education software engineer the htl villach and holds business solutions master the alpen-adria university klagenfurt. worked for atos and addit for long time, where realized projects for well-known clients such siemens. michael now owns strali solutions. with his company, supports national and international clients the implementation their projects. the focus the service spectrum lies consulting, digitization, productivity solutions, system and software architecture, well software engineering and iot. since michael has also dealt with the introduction blockchain technologies the industry. michael will take over the role chief information officer avinoc (cio peter skerl, cto peter the team nerd. has been involved software development since his childhood peter completed his education communications engineering and studied telematics. has developed complex systems for the austrian military and performed contract work for international corporations for many years. peter was instrumental product development for land and waterbased gis solutions and architect the erp cloud the aviation network operation center. blockchain developer and software architect, peter today provides international companies with technischen universitaet graz: https://www.tugraz.at/home/ know-center graz: http://www.know-center.tugraz.at/ universitaet graz: https://www.uni-graz.at/ linkedin: https://www.linkedin.com/in/achildrenmile/ cls: c++, pascal, smalltalk, assembler, basic, mapscript, javascript, c#, java, php, prolog, modula-, sql, plpgsql, lisp, delphi, lua, objective-c, occam, self, python, solidity, etc. dbs: dbase, ibm-db, objectstore, ms-access, ms-jet red, dpx, sql server, sqlite, mysql, maxdb, oracle, postgresql, several nosql, ... austrian armed forces (aaf) solutions the area crypto payment, cloud mining and security solutions. his experience with crypto currencies and blockchains goes back almost their origins. peter will fill the position chief technology officer (cto) avinoc. karl-heinz mali, aviation professional (atpl/examiner), advisor project management karl heinz started his first own software company after his engineer training. was leader software development for medical imaging austria. founded the company mali air (icao code "mae", see also https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/mali_air) with his first aircraft, cessna concurrently his software development company. the first jet, was added and today the fleet consists aircraft well eclipse (which currently the approval phase). karl heinz took over flight school, the austrian aviation training gmbh, for the line pilot training pilots austrian airlines and other airlines, with aircraft and simulator. addition working his company, karl heinz also acts advisor for software issues and technological developments international corporations. also airline pilot and examiner for airline pilots and professional pilots (atpl examiners atpl cpl). karl-heinz assumes the role advisor, project manager and customer service for the aviation industry avinoc florian hye, msc., quality management aviation advisor (atpl/tri) since florian has worked both business aviation and software development. holds master management. supervises software systems the medical university graz where also responsible for the quality management. through his work professional pilot, was able study the basics and requirements the business starting from the very bottom and continually develop improvements optimize processes and routines planning and logistics. part the fdsc, manages large number airlines the areas scheduling, administration and logistics. florian airline pilot with the required pilot licenses, such atpl (a) tri. will take over quality management avinoc. this implies the support the requirements management all concerns, which occur the support management rene inkret, requirements engineering, aviation marketing advisor (atpl) rene, like karl heinz, professional pilot. since has been working for national and international airlines and has gained experience flying different business jets around the world. familiar with demand aviation and taxi industry, including all their problems, and can approach them from the pilot's perspective well from the point view dispatch company. provides avinoc with essential information the technical operational process and all organizational matters within the business. since and his dispatch company fdsc have been charge aviation companies and customers the field business aviation europe. one only two companies, his certified carry out organ transports. market insider, controls the linkedin: https://www.linkedin.com/in/karl-heinz-mali-/ linkedin: https://www.linkedin.com/in/florian-hye-a/ planning and logistics flight operations with his background knowledge. furthermore, possession corresponding airline pilot license (atpl) and various ratings. rene responsible for technical requirements engineering avinoc well for project management and customer service the business sector jakob hohenberger, advisor software development product development jacob's greatest talents are his curiosity and the urge use with economical success what has learned make ideas reality. founded his first company. today, ceo rapidly growing group companies with more than highly qualified employees. his expertise lies software product development (guid.new gmbh) and chatbots (vea gmbh, botential) well artificial intelligence. jakob worked software development for the austrian industry. there worked for clients like magna mercedes benz. jakob will take over product development avinoc song jie hong, advisor, china canada song jie our network professional asia and canada. song jie has completed military medical training shijiazhuang. she completed master's degree international finance management beijing. after that she worked international company hong kong. today she active the real estate business, with offices beijing and vancouver, well the business development general aviation china. song jie's experience has already allowed mali air enter the chinese market. song jie supports avinoc advisory capacity and helps enter the markets china and canada. marketing, sales design shayda osman, mag, pr, marketing sales shayda was responsible for the operation and influencechain.org europe. worked manager raiffeisen bank, atos and other well-known, international companies. has master business administration and information management. shayda was active player the austrian soccer league. after retiring from sports, focused business development and scientific exchange between europe and the middle east. there established the brand ironbody for fitness and health products. shayda will responsible for marketing and sales avinoc and will also build locations the middle east petra peinsitt, mag, finance, legal marketing petra organizational talent with in-depth knowledge corporate governance and financial management, marketing sales. for years, she was responsible for marketing sales red linkedin: https://www.linkedin.com/in/rene-inkret-a/ linkedin: https://www.linkedin.com/in/jakob-hohenberger-bb/ linkedin: https://www.linkedin.com/in/shaydaosman/ bull and worked for another years branch manager and commercial customer advisor bks bank ag. she contributed significantly the success these companies. today, petra employed highly innovative austrian start-up and supports the management management consultant financial management, marketing sales and human resources. petra will take advisory role avinoc marketing and support the company the financial sector jorg vogeltanz, mag., artdirector, design media-management jorg cross-media artist with focus comics graphics, short stories illustrations and videos. the founder and chairman "edition prequel", "entrancexit" and "macguffin". also director several music videos and independent art projects (independent sequential art projects). master stage design and completed his studies the university music and performing arts graz. there now editor for freehand drawing and computer-aided graphic design well graphic design itself. advisory capacity for illustrations and design, jorg works for countless customers austria. has been working topics related blockchain since particularly interested the transformation and transport information the user. develops the necessary strategy and graphical processing. countless samples his artwork can viewed his website, http://www.vogeltanz.at. jorg will take over the role art director avinoc management operations management, organization and strategic management avinoc are handled three people. the operational area supplemented additional employees for the back office, the financial administration and the strategic financial management. the location asia managed xie, and gernot and robert will manage the implementation the austrian side. xinyao xie, ba, director, promotion investor relations (asia) xinyao xie earned bachelor's degree business management from the vienna university technology. one the co-founders influencechain.org. has entrepreneurial experience the field information and intelligent technologies. xie worked consultant china union pay and bill well some fund companies, business schools and incubators. also undertook internet projects austria and other german-speaking countries. his projects were favored many well-known companies and always successfully acquired. xie will take over the role director avinoc and support all matters relating investors and the asian community. hong kong important location for avinoc enter the asian market. xie therefore also involved the development this region gernot winter, mag., director, cfo linkedin: https://www.linkedin.com/in/petra-peinsitt-ba/ linkedin: https://www.linkedin.com/in/joergvogeltanz/ https://www.facebook.com/influencechain/ gernot has been active operational manager and consultant c-level for about years. his focus strategic corporate governance, business development, finance, controlling and human resources. gernot holds master business administration from the vienna university economics and business and certified restructuring law expert. was managing director international austrian crane manufacturer for more than years. gernot has been engaged the field blockchain application and aspects its introduction business and industry since has specialized the economic requirements well the implementation strategy and the creation the necessary environment the course change management. gernot will initially assume the role chief financial officer (cfo) advisory role, and manage avinoc economic and strategic issues robert galovic, bsc. msc., director, cbdo robert the interdisciplinary universalist. has been the industry since working for international companies software development, project management and consulting. holds master's degree engineering and bachelor's degree physics. addition many other projects the environment (networks, system architecture, erp and management systems), has been working software systems for general aviation since and general since the days the aviation network operation center, rose from his role backend developer and database architect project manager and took over customer service. robert has been dealing with cryptocurrencies since and with blockchains and ais since possession the pilot licenses ppl afz easa (dormant) faa. robert will take the role organization and management the technical side the company and accelerate business development linkedin: https://www.linkedin.com/in/gernot-winter-/ linkedin: https://www.linkedin.com/in/robert-galovic/ document information version from (translated from german origin) changes (diff. from version chapter changed editor (c) avinoc ltd the general terms and conditions avinoc ltd apply, available https://www.avinoc.com/terms the document may forwarded and its present form pdf file. changing the information from parts the entire document not permitted. the citation from the document permitted upon mention the authors, the editor (avinoc), the url https://www.avinoc.com and the corresponding page. necessary, requests may directed legal@avinoc.com change these conditions. would like point out explicitly that this document white paper and not business plan. references advisors, nexa: business aviation and top performing companies, aerokurier: aktuelle leichtjets, https://www.aerokurier.de/business-aviation/business -jets/aktuelle-leichtjets/ aircraft, bombardier: market forecast bld: europa treibt das wachstum weltweiten luftverkehr an, d.m., meadows: the unavoidable prior, e., porter m.: the five forces that shape strategy, ebaa: business aviation state the industry, fly, private: private jet markte europe usa, wissel: private jet, galovic, robert inkret, rene winter, gernot: marktanalyse und statistik der general aviation (ga), business aviation (ba) und sonstige, gama: general aviation statistical databook industry outlook, https:// gama.aero/wp-content/uploads/-gama-databook_forweb.pdf lang, kathrin ziegler, yvonne linz, marco: business aviation europa, lang, kathrin ziegler, yvonne linz, marco braun, thomas: business aviation europa, narodoslawsky, michael krotscheck, christian: spionweb, http://spionweb.tugraz.at peter, bachmann: ein- und zweimotorige flugzeuge, statista: iata statistics and market, statista: revenue commercial airlines worldwide from https://www .statista.com sterzenbach conrady fichert: luftverkehr betriebswirtschaftliches lehr- und handbuch, wusel: sgt bei airbus finkenwerder, https://de.wikipedia.org