axioms abstract the cryptocurrency market reshaping the tradional finance and fund raising process providing modern age fund raising model called inial coin offering (ico), that acts bridge between startups and investors. there exists multude methods used for raising awareness, increasing trading volume, community adopon and user engagement, majority which needing substanal amount budget, and labor.however, one revoluonary way incenvise community parcipaon through the use airdrops-- the process whereby cryptocurrency enterprise distributes cryptocurrency tokens the wallets number users free charge. aim facilitate crypto projects growth helping them build user networks and grow communies through provision open source, automated, smart contracts based token distribuon plajorm. offer decentralised blockchain based plajorm that enables token developers airdrop their coins the axioms user base for compleng social media tasks, therefore enabling them build much needed acve community. axioms network strives fully harness the power blockchain innovaon and will serve replacement for the tradional centralized airdropping plajorms, which are and effort consuming process for planning and execung but also charge massive fee for lisng specific ico. integrang blockchain, tokenisaon, and smart contracts, provide decentralised plajorm for airdropping that has analogs date the centralized internet. the token, axm, will create new infrastructure that will enable axioms plajorm users able receive airdrops with couple clicks. this white paper gives detailed descripon our research and planning and also aims demonstrate the current status and future plans axioms plajorm, its associated products, soluons and the axioms token--the payment gateway within axioms ecosystem. aims inform our readers how are using our teams' experse provide decentralised airdropping token distribuon efficient manner, way that opmises returns for the projects and our communies. table contents abstract ............................................................................................................................................... introducon axioms ....................................................................................................................... background ........................................................................................................................................ importance community ico ........................................................................................... what airdrop and its role building community?.............................................................. how works? .............................................................................................................................. why airdrops? .............................................................................................................................. problems solve .............................................................................................................................. our mission ....................................................................................................................................... our vision ............................................................................................................................................ technical architecture ........................................................................................................................ axioms smart contracts--removing trust from airdropping ........................................................... axioms--providing value through automaon ................................................................................ how works? ............................................................................................................................ social media influencer program(smip) .................................................................................... ... the algorithm behind the smip ................................................................................................. partner referral program(prp) .................................................................................................. off chain airdrops collateral contracts ....................................................................................... request bug program ............................................................................................................. bots protecon and prevenon ................................................................................................. airdrop consensus ..................................................................................................................... ranks and hierarchy .................................................................................................................. plajorm growth and the chicken and the egg problem ............................................................ axioms --the role smart contracts and ethereum ....................................................................... axioms creang awareness about your cryptocurrency ............................................................. axioms--helping build your network ............................................................................................... axioms token .................................................................................................................................... features axioms token: ........................................................................................................ road map .......................................................................................................................................... disclaimer ......................................................................................................................................... restrictions distribution and dissemination ........................................................... risks and uncertainties ........................................................................................................ introduction axioms there are variety ways raise project awareness like increasing trading volume, community adopon and user engagement; all which need significant budget, and are and labor intensive. however, one revoluonary way through incenvising community parcipaon with airdrops-- the process, whereby cryptocurrency enterprise distributes cryptocurrency tokens the wallets some users exchange for the compleon some trivial social media task. axioms, our endeavour always find safe ways for our partner projects build communies while users can get free tokens for their parcipaon. this way, are reducing fricon for the enre crypto sphere offering plajorm which seamlessly connects the developer who recently launched cryptocurrency, needs community for their ico and/or member community aiming leverage their social media receive tokens. axioms will state the art decentralised plajorm that aims revoluonise the concept crypto airdropping enabling automated token distribuon, task checking, and trust-less smart contracts. offers decentralised blockchain-based plajorm, backed smart contracts, that enables token developers send their coins axioms plajorm users. moreover, also allows axioms the community receive these token directly into their wallets without all the manual hassle. axioms network aims fully harness the power blockchain innovaon, and will serve replacement for the tradional centralized airdropping plajorms, know, this business that will emerge and add trust among the pares with the evoluon blockchain and transacons being carried out the distributed ledger. integrang sophiscated technologies such blockchain, tokenisaon and smart contracts, provide decentralised plajorm for airdropping that has analogs date the centralized internet. the token axm will create new infrastructure that will enable axioms plajorm users receive other projects' cryptocurrencies order create larger communies users and automate reward mechanisms. background the cryptocurrency market changing the way startups can raise capital. the blockchain method has been used the inial coin offering (ico) connect crowdfunding with the investors, turn help the growth the venture and also the credibility the coin. recent years, the ico market has recorded substanal growth especially aner the hype created around bitcoin and blockchain aner august research suggests that ico's are shaping true competor tradional venture capital (vc) industry. there were only icos with raised, whereas the first five months total icos (listed top ico plajorms) with volume billion have been closed successfully, which more than all pre- icos combined. year avg dura>on(days) avg usd mln/ico total icos total volume usd mln (to date) all icos offer cryptocurrency projects fast and low cost alternave methods for obtaining the public funds required develop new technologies and/or start the expansion their companies. however, the success ico inherently dependent public contribuon, important build community around project before launching. stascs from bitcoin.com reveal that all too onen ico and cryptocurrency projects neglect formulate community engagement strategy, which can directly impact the performance icos, pre and post-crowdfunding rounds. the same way that convenonal businesses achieve strategic advantages, clearly accentuang value proposions new and prospecve customers, cryptocurrency projects that produce effecve markeng campaigns aimed culvang brand ambassadors and engaging communies, will likely perform beper the long run. importance community ico research bitcoinnews.com suggests that only all cryptocurrencies and icos from are sll operaonal. almost every second cryptocurrency project last year failed. trend which tends reflect, the lack clear community building and management strategy. being able effecvely build and engage community requires choosing the right markeng strategy, parcularly managing the various plajorms which you are likely communicate the developments the project. for digital currencies, commonly used social media plajorms and communicaon tools include telegram, discord, bitcointalk, twiper, and reddit. however, with facebook's new adversing policy explicitly stang bans for icos, twiper also planning ban ico ads and mailchimp declining support crypto based emails, the world crypto needs alternave where they can build community which vital for the success their project. given the recent trend crypto market and considering it's potenal, are confident that airdrops are the true alternave building crypto community everyone has been looking for. what airdrop and its role building community? the century airdrop the story crypto developers, trying spread word about their coin giving out free rewards many people possible. the process whereby cryptocurrency enterprise distributes cryptocurrency tokens the wallets some users free charge. generally, airdrops are carried out blockchain-based startups bootstrap their cryptocurrency projects while established blockchain-based enterprises also perform either reward their exisng communies build new communies around the project. the whole idea behind airdrops stems from the popular belief that the more users crypto has, the more valuable will be. so, airdrops are way for developers create awareness about their coin, and get lot people involved. win-win situaon for everybody; the developers who will get more people involved with their coin, and the airdrop collectors, who will get crypto exchange for compleng trivial social media tasks, which may increase drascally value aner gets listed exchanges. the beginning, projects carried out "blind" airdrops, which they would generate valid hex addresses and send small amount coins random wallets across the network. axioms however, offers community crypto-savvy and engaged users who can not only increase your numbers bulk, but may also provide engagement and interest for the project whole, and provides much higher user retenon rate than blind airdrops. how works? there are basically two major types airdrops: the first come surprise and the second announced beforehand. for already established blockchain-based enterprises, they may choose the route the former rather than the laper. gevng know about might depend how involved one the crypto community. for new startup upcoming ico, the laper i.e. announcing beforehand beper, more viable approach, this way pre-airdrop announcements can get the buzz going. since the aim mostly bootstrap the project, the airdrop process usually involves the compleon number tasks the user order qualify for the airdrop. when the date the airdrop arrives, the enterprise will release the free tokens the users who qualify. why airdrops? referring the importance mass-airdrops, research suggests that can lead substanal community growth; liple me. hydro one such project that completed their airdrop february th, distribung total ,,,. tokens raising community over few day duraon. similarly, polymath, crypto security project and nobs token, raised over airdrop parcipants few weeks. community that earns free tokens that don't hold any current value, but rather expected future value incenvised promote the token. such, air-droppers want their digital assets have price tag future and will therefore promote the token sale and hope for its success. since airdrops result the user receiving the airdrop performing certain tasks, the user consequently persuaded complete assigned acons. therefore, further tasks can given regarding promoon the project even more for the user's incenve increase the value their token. what this means, the project managers end with users who are ready listen instrucons help, community members. this phenomenal opportunity create both acve and supporve community. through airdrops, projects are more likely reach and interact with wider number people while recipients receive rewards. moreover, due the growing interest airdrops, probable that project will reach wider demographic once announces impending airdrop. through our plajorm the projects can also targeted airdrops increase their user base by, for example geographic locaon. airdrops may have effect the price acvity the token. this due psychological effect called the endowment bias. this phenomenon refers the fact that people believe the things they possess have more value than those they not have.this feeling may lead greater amount interest and research into the token the part the user. turn, this could result more demand for the token, which what many blockchain projects aim achieve. the importance mass airdrops essenally boils down network effects and the nature network graphs. theories such reed's law have suggested that network's ulity (which measured money earned, any other metric) linearly proporonal the number nodes (people) the graph. the exact amount ulity ranges from based the field, which, the network graph was applied to, but clear that increasing your network larger and larger, will give you outsized ulity relave earlier ulity. for example, these theories show that growing from people will provide significantly less addional ulity than growing from people would, even though, you gained the same number people. overall, airdrops provide four theorecal value proposions: lead generaon: gathering contact informaon key any markeng exercise, especially prospects are "crypto-literate". viral markeng: most icos promote airdrops "free money" will persuade many people sign the sale and start referring their circle. free money: anything with the tag "free" will viral these days; it's not that hard see why doing airdrops onen the go-to markeng strategy amongst developers. collecng airdrop helps community get coin which may become extremely valuable future for free. trigger fear missing our (fomo): airdrops onen occur only few weeks before sale launches, will create the suggesve offer such handsome discounts convince investors that missed expectaon that will also the airdrop. reward loyalty: airdrops could effecve strategy retain recurring users unfortunately most product that fundraised via icos not have exisng user base. helps apract investors and reduce market budget: the treat gevng free coins dangled before crypto users, many them will flock the coin, and this would help boost the viability the coin. turn, will help apract investors, they will see the coin something that has value the potenal highly valuable the future. the idea essenally bails down making people think that fomo for something free akin fomo for the same good when you have pay for it. problems solve tradional process airdropping sll hecc and consuming. contributor needs subscribed and connected some major airdropping channels (who take massive fee bitcoin) from developers for lisng that airdrop their plajorm, while also developer has manually send their tokens the parcipants which consuming and needs dedicated staff personal let this happen for around months' tenure, which could beper spent focusing developing the project. nutshell, some the major problems faced developers and community the airdropping process includes: substanal amount and effort needed iniate and execute airdrop projects having problems with announcing adversing the airdrops which lead them missing the targets. task checking for laper distribuon painstaking and long process. they usually target the wrong user base massive fee for airdrop lisng centralized airdropping plajorms projects being unable offer referrals thus not incenvising roi. too many scam projects stealing private keys failing distribute tokens. axioms, are aiming resolve all these issues providing automated, decentralised, smart contracts based plajorm that will navely support any token that contains the debug funcon sendmany(),erc, nep, waves smart contracts. will enable blockchain startups and ico teams distribute their tokens directly using our plajorm and build the much needed community they are looking for, while the same also allowing our community receive airdrop tokens directly into their wallets. our mission create decentralised smart contracts powered plajorm that automates crypto airdropping and thus help crypto startups grow their community while raising awareness about their project our vision plajorm that would enable crypto startups grow communies through automated smart contract based airdrops, and allow users slowly and steadily build porjolio cryptocurrencies leveraging their social media. technical architecture the axioms plajorm will combinaon nep, erc and waves smart contracts that automate the distribuon airdrops trustless manner when set condions are met the plajorm. interface axioms user interface designed with the aim both user friendly and efficient. opmised for specific airdrop architecture, making sure that there are memory leaks dangling errors that exist, and works seamlessly with underlying structures. following are the basic funconalies axioms would providing: login for logging into the axioms plajorm, offer two funconalies: administrators: administrator any authorised member specific ico aiming perform the airdrop operaon through axioms plajorm. they can: set airdrop applicaons accurately and precisely check the task compleon view progress real automate the airdrop distribuon get access database full community members use cases administrators can sign and create airdrops with company email. this will help core members beper shin through the applicaons, and ensure higher level veracity/accuracy. the current stage, administrators will shin through the airdrops and will have the ability censor any airdrop that looks any means sketchy doubjul all tokens for airdrop must sent the smart contract shown the applicaon, before they are approved and therefore shown our users. this ensure that our users will all mes receive the promised amount tokens once they have successfully performed the required tasks normal users: regular users members evident from the name are general community members aiming get updated about potenal crypto projects and also looking earn free tokens. complete airdrops tasks track their earnings in: number tokens campaigns they have contributed to. use cases users can only sign with one account [there course password recovery] the systems detect the same social media connected several email accounts, all the accounts will permanently banned. all users will have sign with eth address that will permanently associated with their account and immutable from administrave perspecve. user plajorm the user plajorm will look something very similar what displayed above. let break down: dashboard: the dashboard the landing page when user logs and contains the current airdrops,descripons, recent acvity and the ability track your progress. available airdrops available airdrops will show the logo the coin being airdropped the tasks that are available for that specific airdrop. grey the tasks that have not been completed and red the ones that have. you will also get tag the market price the airdrops you are doing. descripon descripon the coin and more detail descripon the task the user can complete. progress you will able track how many tokens you have received the enre meline your account and the connuity the drops progress you will able track how many tokens you have received the enre meline your account and the connuity the drops menu the menu will show the user which social media accounts his/her account connected to. the menu stac bar the len the screen that contains the username, and links different parts the plajorm: accounts edit the permissions request from them and the connecons its social media accounts. learn more -an faq secon divided general quesons about the plajorm, user targeted quesons and admins targeted quesons sevngs acvate and deacvate fa. change your password deacvate your account. admin panel this the form administrators airdrops will have fill out submit airdrop our system. admins must then provide informaon, such as: name: the name the coin airdropped. symbol: trading symbol the token. descripon: small descripon the coin the administrator airdropping. overall value: range the dollar value the coins being airdropped. price/token: determines how much each token currently worth. end date: end date the airdrop campaign. website: website url the company. total tokens: the total amount tokens you will sending the smart contract. logo: field upload *px image the logo. colour: accepts hex colours that define the colour the top bar their airdrop card total tokens: the total amount tokens you will sending the smart contract. token smart contract: address the token smart contract. tasks: will let you add different combinaon task your airdrop including: following facebook following twiper liking twiper retweeng twiper joining discord joining telegram referral system when the form completed the admin can hit save and will sent super-admin for review. the admin will also able track the progress the airdrops they have carried out, such as: tracking how many users have completed specific task far, chart showing the progression, and course how many tokens have been given away per acon well the total amount tokens given out. see the descripon they provided their project and see how many days the airdrop has len and how many has been running looking the calendar. the data should provided pseudo-real meaning they can get their informaon real long they click the bupon check now. referral systems will work giving each user unique link and tracking how many users join the platform and complete task that relates the airdrop where the link was originated. finally admins should have the ability see the history airdrops and list acve airdrops such as: super-admin details: super-admins can see all the airdrops the system, both acve and archived. super-admins will have tab called, pending where they can view all the airdrops that have been submiped the plajorm. they can access their data. finally they have the ability approve decline airdrops into the plajorm. unl they airdrops will not displayed the users. when ever airdrop expires bupon will appear the dashboard called "airdrop" which will send the tokens over all the necessary pares. super admins will also have access tab called "growth" this tab will contain graph charng the number registered users. the plajorm. and the number acve users the plajorm. acve defined having completed least task the last month/week/day. axioms smart contracts--removing trust from airdropping simple words, axioms smart contracts can explained comparing them with tradional contracts. normally, order create contract, one needs visit lawyer notary, pay them, and wait while gevng the document, which simply consuming and expensive operaon but builds trust among the transaconal pares. airdrops, users have rely the ico founding bodies centralized airdrop plajorms issue their share free tokens aner they have completed the required tasks. there have been various instances where users had perform given set tasks and later they weren't issued their earned tokens which created bad impression among the community. axioms, use decentralised trust-less smart contracts, which would add the much needed trust among community and ico founding teams. works just like vending machine escrow, where you user, perform given set community tasks e.g. following twiper page and subscribing medium account, and the autonomous smart contracts release the earned number tokens directly into your wallet. thus, using this technology, the axioms ecosystem not only defines the rules and penales around agreement the same way that tradional contract does, but also automacally enforce those obligaons. axioms smart contracts will offer way automacally distribute tokens once users have successfully completed tasks necessary earn that parcular tokens. furthermore, will pave way verify and order transacons distributed ledger, keep record consensus that validated and held within network separate nodes. entries can altered but not deleted from the blockchain which distributed ledger based ethereal plajorm. all transacons will have audit-able trail and traceable digital fingerprint. the data the ledger pervasive and persistent, creang reliable "transacon cloud" where transacon data cannot lost. axioms uses smart contracts based technology for its transaconal and distribuon purposes. furthermore, usage smart contracts the axioms ecosystem would also ensure that our blockchain-based distributed ledger environment, clearing, seplement and distribuon personalised third party projects happens instantly when the condions set the user have been completed. axioms--providing value through automation airdrops are new form markeng and yet sll very effecve one. queson substanal importance appears, how can the developer reduce cost and labor when comes airdrops needs planning for adjusng tokenomics, structuring the airdrop tenure, and then managing and carrying out the token distribuon. tradional ways markeng are sll expensive area businesses and most the mes, over half the budget being wasted. this because, tradional markeng, users are not incenvised part the ecosystem. they are most being shown through very expensive and intrusive ads that for nominave fee they can join it. airdrops, the other hand enable the user join the ecosystem and parcipate for what the user would essenally perceive its for free premium environment, this logically offers higher chance for engagement. airdrops come with their own drawbacks namely the amount labour required check the social media tasks compleon and the distribuon tokens, and reaching out new user base. the purpose airdrops are focused on, however, that increasing the social media following interacon and user base for which they would course need foreign user base. these are both issues axioms idenfies and solves through its plajorm. axioms will hub for crypto users find airdrops and for crypto projects, while most friendly plajorm for developers and ico founding teams promote their ideas and try apract users, grow communies into their own ecosystem using airdrops. how works? the plajorm, dapp, aims for complete automaon and decentralisaon (see road map), and therefore required that the plajorm will run ecosystem. the enre development the plajorm will march towards this idea, full decentralisaon and ecosystem growth. have therefore implemented couple smart contracts that will govern the incenvisaon structure the plajorm. social media influencer program(smip) the first funcon will social media influencer program (smip). the smip will use algorithm determine the overall impact every person has had throughout their history with airdrops. the impact above given threshold, which will the top the axioms plajorm user, they will denominated social media influencers and every airdrop, they will receive more tokens than the general populaon exclusively because they bring more value the plajorm than the rest the users. its important highlight this badge given are charge, but its not just given anyone. ... the algorithm behind the smip the plajorm keeps track everything user does, from referring users the plajorm compleng any airdrops. with this informaon will able build formula that measure how much influence user has over its network. this means that the users will not need following several thousand followers qualify for the airdrop, but rather following they are able effecvely influence parcipate the plajorm. there will minimum set requirements able parcipate the program, how ever these will fluid and will adapted the demand the plajorm. the smip meant exclusive compeve program. the algorithm will consistently run the background and dynamically capture anyone who has met the public requirements parcipate the smip, this point the algorithm will compute media the average impact these accounts, order descending form and select the top partner referral program(prp) the second funcon the partner referral program (prp). this the contract that incenvises people come over and bring valuable partners into the plajorm. there will funcon that allows users bring partners the plajorm, that is, crypto projects willing airdrop. any given user will able carry out airdrops the name pares, and return will receive nominave axm fee and total the airdrop. the smart contract will very similar the base smart contract but with the axm fee and the percentage fee apached it. the prp will only receive the total amount airdropped. off chain airdrops collateral contracts while true that big percentage the market share occupied tokens the ethereum protocol, there growing number coins with pos/pow/masternode chains that also want parcipate our ecosystem. therefore, have designed collateral smart contract that will hold the equivalent ethereum amount being airdropped collateral. rule thumb, will not hold user fund. this why this contract necessary, the user will provided with script run the airdrop their own blockchain, from their debug console. will then run script our own database that scraps their block explorer against the list had for them, register that the transacons have happened, the collateral will released the sending address. not the ethereum held collateral will distributed accordingly all the users that completed the airdrop compensaon for their efforts. request bug program this last [set of] contract[s] will ensure the plajorm can survive autonomously beyond the diluon/removal core team. the plajorm will eventually include market place, where users can offer, individuals bounding groups, axm rewards for compleng certain tasks, this can include anything from bringing specially requested partner into the plajorm implemenng new capabilies the plajorm and include requests fix small bugs the plajorm. this single capability that will have different smart contracts behind them. for example: would have decide who has the power actually merge the code. there would inial elecon, which would run every year aner it, that would create core development group, they would charge merging and deploying new capabilies the plajorm. for example: adding new feature the plajorm, this cannot regarded the same way regarded fixing small bug. it's also important realise that major changes the plajorm cannot simply added, they have accepted the community easy soluon would implement simple vong mechanism, which would course cost axm, and would restricted different rank (depending the severity the feature). other words, would create marketplace make the plajorm self sustained its userbase. the marketplace would limited improving and collaborang inside the plajorm. this interacons will prepared work mullaterally like so: alice can offer bob carry out funcon and bob can decline accept alice could publish explicitly the general public. bob the other hand might want actually implement funcon himself and will therefore add contract pay himself for bob might want publish contract against himself and wait unl one several people decide its good idea and pay him for it. bots protection and prevention can argued that automated plajorm gives rise bots, will taking the appropriate counter-automaon steps, that will turn, increase the value the network users since they can trusted. will implement several check points check for users' authencity the lifecycle airdrop: from captchas going through kyc and proprietary methods measure acvity terms quality and not quanty. all such methods are customisable and not necessarily added every one the airdrops default, since understand that different companies are looking fulfil different objecves. airdrop consensus alluding problem menoned above, there will inherent problem decentralise the plajorm since have introduce governance capability determine the quality the airdrops. members the plajorm will have their own due diligence and upvote downvote independent airdrops, again the people. ability vote will directly the ranking the user. ranks and hierarchy all blockchain systems have major strength, they can achieve consensus relaying untrusted pares, which are economically incenvised act truthfully. however this economic incenve can't exist decentralise applicaons, since already depends the blockchain its built on. adding another layer abstracon its dangerous complex. therefore the users will required prove they are trustworthy before they are allowed into the consensus mechanism the dapp. any user who wants parcipate the ecosystem consensus admin, will have first prove that he/she trusted member. therefore have define trusted member. trusted member any member that has obtained enough experience points have achieved the max rank. there will number non trivial tasks, completed increase you're level. each level will have responsibilies. the responsibilies will increase the higher you are. all informaon regarding the levels will course all mes visible, there are small incenves for climbing the levels and increasing you're hierarchy. levels usually involve, tasks that can automacally checked, and hierarchy changes will involve approval from someone from the hierarchy you're trying accept. ranks are akin levels and are there help users navigate their way through the hierarchy entertaining way. ranks are denoted with numbers that appear the top right corner the users avatar. increase their ranking users will have complete tasks, mostly around achievements and parcipaon within the plajorm. most these levels will involve high level interacon that cant faked bots. hierarchy your place the dapp chain command. there are mulple levels, each with their own responsibilies and benefits (some higher ranks may even have salaries). all all this soluon created generate community that trustworthy and creang barrier for malicious actors form part the ecosystem. platform growth and the chicken and the egg problem the value social media lies the size its network. essenally boils down the metcalfe's law, the ulity the network equal the size the network squared, this say that maper how good the social media features are one using them they have value.in theory the value can calculated assuming that every person the network will interact with each other. response this principle, most the social medias rely invites and relying/requiring hypothecal user base refer the social media their friends. this method, theory, does work very well but they have flaw their logic, the referrals won't work there none send those referrals out, and comes the chicken and the egg problem. this theory brings very important and recurrent queson when comes adopon and growth: "if your value the size your network, and its the size the network which will apract more users, how you make your network reach opmal size before can start growing its own?". have applied some basic game theory concepts, gamified the plajorm through the implementaon ranks, introduce economic incenves, and figured out our rate growth relaon the amount partnerships are able contribute (+g)t. this might seem trivial but its extremely important understand that are markeng company whose sole mission help bridge the gap for companies from project with potenal, mass adopon, and having figured the mechanics will greatly help the project partner with. ico's pays axm use makes plajorm apracve for refer (prp) axm platform distributes tokens the community has generates growth stage individual users apract (smip) social media influencers axioms --the role smart contracts and ethereum all the tokens airdropped will securely stored ethereum smart contract. the smart contract will deployed and executed geth node when ever the airdrop bupon clicked. the admins/superadmins/users will not have access/executable capabilies the smart contracts. geth node the synced geth node will house single account, the owner the contract. calls will made determine the state the contract, esmate the gas costs and determine token informaon. once the transacons have been generated, will broadcast them and signal the script upon their confirmaon (or failure) script the script calls the database first, gevng the token address, list the addresses and list corresponding token amounts. checks the data, makes calls the contract determine whether the token address needs set and does so. then assembles the airdrop transacons, checks all the data again and sends them the geth node broadcasted. once sent, updates the database match this fact and wait for confirmaons. soon the confirmaons are received, updates the database interface again. smart contract the smart contract will owned account created the geth node the transacons will formed with data from the smart contract and the sql database made through local web calls the transacons made the smart contract will generated locally and broadcast through the local geth node series smart contracts will implemented for the airdroppers provide payment the plajorm decentralised way, inially there will three: one charge registering the receipt eth pay for transacons. one charge registering the receipt axm pay for the service. one charge registering the receipt the projects tokens pay for transacons. axioms creating awareness about your cryptocurrency with the sheer size the cryptocurrency market, new cryptocurrency can completely unnoced isn't given the right boost terms substanal markeng campaigns. just like every other aspect the digital world, hype and buzz play important role the cryptocurrency ecosystem. with many cryptocurrency enthusiasts looking for new cryptocurrency opons, axioms will provide you seamless automated airdrop for gevng people interested your project. believe that markeng campaigns social media for airdrop can lead increased apenon being paid new project. order make this happen, provide you one stop soluon that enables developers and project teams directly file applicaon for lisng their airdrops through user friendly applicaon. ico teams are allowed create customised tasks such signing newsleper, following twiper channel etc. they are also provided with the funconality accurately and precisely view community parcipaon and progress real me. moreover, the long run, are also aiming provide inhouse content and copywriters who would help the ico teams delivering thorough content raise awareness about the project. axioms--helping build your network quite obvious that while cryptocurrencies have recorded huge growth the last few years, yet when look into the model they follow, they are only useful the amount people using their ecosystem, especially when comes ulity tokens. tokens and coins are therefore useful the size their network graph. airdrops usually don't address this issue. sure they provide value proposion and easy way join the ecosystem. user interested parcipang, however, the plajorm focuses expanding the network graph the ecosystem. not only terms the outward appearance what looks like increase your twiper following fold, but specially how looks like increase your ecosystem use. let work from praccal example familiar everyone ethereum. ethereum has countless followers all over the world and market cap billion dollars. they value proposion, namely smart contracts great, and many coins have tried imitate it. but that not where the value ethereum lies, lies the network graph their ecosystem and the measurable amount people using it. ethereum has something you can't fake, the developer tracon, and consequently the user base. course can't claim that airdrops will make you successful. however, can guarantee that people will have parcipate acvely your ecosystem order receive the airdrops. this will turn maximise the turnover rate, e.g. how many people stay opposed dumping the tokens. axioms token axioms tokens erc- token based cryptocurrency that allows peer peer mode payment, exchange and storage value trust-less manner i.e. without relying financial instuons such banks governments for defining and controlling its value. deployed decentralised ethereum blockchain based technology, axioms token offers quick, secure and efficient transfer value with confirmaon speeds mes faster than bitcoin. the currency would used for daily transaconal acvies happening within the axioms financial ecosystem, and would serve store and exchange value between users secure, efficient manner reduced costs. believe transacons should fully transparent, and therefore all transaconal acvies happening within the axioms ecosystem are recorded ethereum's distributed ledger i.e. blockchain. this technology would ensure that the axioms plajorm publicly audited and fair. will provide transparency sender and receiver and enable them track their transacons the ethereum public ledger, from the moment they make transacon through the moment goes the final recipient. features axioms token: security based the latest smart contract technology ethereum blockchain, axioms inherits all security features provided ethereum network. all transaconal data encrypted and resides decentralised network that has chances single point failure centralized apacks. based the latest smart contract technology ethereum blockchain, axioms inherits all security features provided the ethereum network. all transaconal data encrypted and resides decentralised network that has chances single point failure centralised apacks. the axioms plajorm will accept payment its nave currency, axm (with discounts incenvise its use) and normal rates with crypto currencies such bitcoin and ethereum. all the axm which paid the plajorm will burned soon the airdrop finalised. axm will also used carry out payments for adversing space the plajorm. its important point out that axm will ulity token, and should not used for speculave purposes since the price designed stay relavely stable. decentralised unlike medium accounts, there not single point failure and all the transacon acvies are open and transparent the whole community. furthermore, the value driven/controlled community rather than centralised enes. easy transacons users can transfer axioms anyone, anywhere the world seconds, long the recipient connected the internet. transparency blockchain technology provides open access informaon all mes, thereby, ensuring fully transparent process, accurate data records and equal terms for everyone. privacy with axioms, users can enjoy the advantages using public blockchain, while sll being sure that their private informaon protected. support various wallets axioms supports variety digital wallets e.g. myetherwallet, mist, metamask etc. road map idea originated inial research team building plajorm development started white paper release website release erc token creaon community development and campaign airdrop distribuon plajorm release. reddit implementaon. medium implementaon instagram implementaon mobile applicaons development started mobile applicaon released. lisng crypto trading exchanges reddit implementaon medium implementaon lisng crypto trading exchanges partner referral program ranks levels introducon windows/mac/linux nave apps bitcointalk implementaon community consensus validate projects social influencers program partner referral program collateralised airdrops bugs features market place. bugs features market place. disclaimer please read this disclaimer section carefully. you are any doubt the action you should take, you should consult your legal, financial, tax, other professional advisor(s). this document whitepaper sevng out the current and future developments the axioms plajorm and axioms ecosystem. this paper for informaon purposes only and not statement future intent. unless expressly specified otherwise, the products and innovaons set out this paper are currently under development and are not currently deployment. axioms makes warranes representaons the successful development implementaon such technologies and innovaons, achievement any other acvies noted the paper, and disclaims any warranes implied law otherwise, the extent permiped law. person entled rely the contents this paper any inferences drawn from it, including relaon any interacons with axioms the technologies menoned this paper. axioms disclaims all liability for any loss damage whatsoever kind (whether foreseeable not) which may arise from any person acng any informaon and opinions relang axioms, the axioms plajorm the axioms ecosystem contained this paper any informaon which made available connecon with any further enquiries, notwithstanding any negligence, default lack care. the informaon contained this publicaon derived from data obtained from sources believed axioms reliable and given good faith, but warranes guarantees, representaons are made axioms with regard the accuracy, completeness suitability the informaon presented. should not relied upon, and shall not confer rights remedies upon, you any your employees, creditors, holders securies other equity holders any other person. any opinions expressed reflect the current judgment the authors this paper and not necessarily represent the opinion axioms. the opinions reflected herein may change without noce and the opinions not necessarily correspond the opinions axioms. axioms may amend, modify update this paper and will nofy reader recipient through its social channels and communies thereof the event that any maper stated herein, any opinion, projecon, forecast esmate set forth herein, changes subsequently becomes inaccurate. axioms, its founders, directors, employees, contractors and representaves not have any responsibility liability any person recipient (whether reason negligence, negligent misstatement otherwise) arising from any statement, opinion informaon, expressed implied, arising out of, contained derived from omission from this paper. neither axioms nor its advisors has independently verified any the informaon, including the forecasts, prospects and projecons contained this paper. this whitepaper does not constute prospectus offer document any sort and not intended constute offer securies solicitaon for investment securies any jurisdicon. this whitepaper does not constute form part any opinion any advice sell, any solicitaon any offer the distributor/vendor the axioms (the "distributor") purchase any axioms tokens nor shall any part nor the fact its presentaon form the basis of, relied upon connecon with, any contract investment decision. the distributor will affiliate axioms plajorm ("axioms plajorm"), and will deploy all proceeds sale the axioms fund axioms plajorm cryptocurrency project, businesses and operaons. person bound enter into any contract binding legal commitment relaon the sale and purchase the axioms and cryptocurrency other form payment accepted the basis this whitepaper. any agreement between the distributor and you purchaser, and relaon any sale and purchase, axioms (as referred this whitepaper) governed only separate document sevng out the terms and condions (the "t&cs") such agreement. the event any inconsistencies between the t&cs and this whitepaper, the former shall prevail. you are not eligible and you are not purchase any axioms the axioms technologies inial token sale (as referred this whitepaper) you are cizen, resident (tax otherwise) green card holder the united states america cizen resident the peoples republic china. regulatory authority has examined approved any the informaon set out this whitepaper. such acon has been will taken under the laws, regulatory requirements rules any jurisdicon. the publicaon, distribuon disseminaon this whitepaper does not imply that the applicable laws, regulatory requirements rules have been complied with. there are risks and uncertaines associated with axioms plajorm and/or the distributor and their respecve businesses and operaons, the axioms, the axioms plajorm inial token sale and the axioms plajorm wallet (each referred this whitepaper). this whitepaper, any part thereof and any copy thereof must not taken transmiped any country where distribuon disseminaon this whitepaper prohibited restricted. part this whitepaper reproduced, distributed disseminated without including this secon and the following secons entled "disclaimer liability", "no representaons and warranes", "representaons and warranes you", "cauonary note forward-looking statements", "market and industry informaon and consent other persons", "terms used", "no advice", "no further informaon update", "restricons distribuon and disseminaon", "no offer securies registraon" and "risks and uncertaines". the maximum extent permiped the applicable laws, regulaons and rules, axioms plajorm and/or the distributor shall not liable for any indirect, special, incidental, consequenal other losses any kind, tort, contract otherwise (including but not limited loss revenue, income profits, and loss use data), arising out connecon with any acceptance reliance this whitepaper any part thereof you. axioms trading technologies and/or the distributor does not make purport make, and hereby disclaims, any representaon, warranty undertaking any form whatsoever any enty person, including any representaon, warranty undertaking relaon the truth, accuracy and completeness any the informaon set out this whitepaper. informaon this whitepaper should considered business, legal, financial tax advice regarding axioms plajorm, the distributor, the axioms, the axioms plajorm inial token sale. you should consult your own legal, financial, tax other professional adviser regarding axioms plajorm and/or the distributor and their respecve businesses and operaons, the axioms tokens, the axioms plajorm inial token sale. you should aware that you may required bear the financial risk any purchase axioms tokens for indefinite period me. restrictions distribution and dissemination the distribuon disseminaon this whitepaper any part thereof may prohibited restricted the laws, regulatory requirements and rules any jurisdicon. the case where any restricon applies, you are inform yourself about, and observe, any restricons which are applicable your possession this whitepaper such part thereof (as the case may be) your own expense and without liability axioms plajorm and/or the distributor. persons whom copy this whitepaper has been distributed disseminated, provided access who otherwise have the whitepaper their possession shall not circulate any other persons, reproduce otherwise distribute this whitepaper any informaon contained herein for any purpose whatsoever nor permit cause the same occur. risks and uncertainties prospecve purchasers axioms (as referred this whitepaper) should carefully consider and evaluate all risks and uncertaines associated with axioms plajorm, the distributor and their respecve businesses and operaons, the axioms, all informaon set out this whitepaper and the t&cs prior any purchase axioms. any such risks and uncertaines develops into actual events, the business, financial condion, results operaons and prospects axioms plajorm and/or the distributor could materially and adversely affected. such cases, you may lose all part the value the axioms.