azart whitepaper table contents introduction about cryptocurrencies peer-to-peer payment network the blockchain cryptocurrency azart advantages how works more information about azartpay platform and azart cryptocurrency azartpay platform decentralized financing system the projects reward system block reward chart distribution the reward reward calculation for masternodes lucky proof-of-work block reward azart specifications azart roadmap advisors azart team thanks legal online gambling and betting market references introduction azart cryptocurrency for the gambling industry. azart comes from the spanish "azar" coincidence, game chance, "dice game". azartpay platform merchant-service with open api for connecting payments azart cryptocurrency. one the goals azart cryptocurrency providing instant, anonymous and secure payments for users online casinos, lotteries, poker rooms and other services gambling industry. decentralized platform azartpay will become popular payment system for many services gambling. the interest the implementation the platform will based the possibility obtaining additional income, well financing future projects. about cryptocurrencies peer-to-peer payment network bitcoin peer-to-peer payment system which uses the same unit for accounting transactions and the data transfer protocol with the identical name. using cryptographic methods ensures the functioning the system. all the information about transactions between system addresses available for everybody. since the launch bitcoin, many alternative options and currencies have emerged. evan duffield published the dash whitepaper, proposing payment system that improved bitcoin adding layered, two-tier incentivized masternode network and various transaction upgrades including instantsend and privatesend. the blockchain bitcoin's blockchain technology creates blocks combining chronological transactions. these blocks are confirmed network nodes. each these blocks contains the necessary information build prior blocks through the consensus the workers. however, bitcoin does not reward node owners and the number bitcoin nodes has been dwindling, causing the network slow, unstable and expensive. cryptocurrency azart advantages azart has advantages over some other cryptocurrencies: masternodes. network become more stable because increasing number nodes will stimulated. funding from the network. owners masternodes will able count financing their projects. how works powerful masternode network adds second tier computing decentralization. this tier can perform any mathematical financial task that the community implements. currently, the masternode network adds two features: instantsend: perform instant transactions that are irreversible and permanent. privatesend: improved privacy with automated mixing and chaining. owners masternodes can propose their projects the vote within the azartpay platform for subsequent financing. more information about azartpay platform and azart cryptocurrency azartpay platform the azartpay platform considered payment system for various gambling services. platform partners will able obtain additional revenue from its use. special motivation system has been developed for partner services. this system coins will accumulated from the work masternodes installed for this system. collected funds will distributed among partners depending their activity the end each period. the more partner accepts payments azart's cryptocurrency for certain period, the greater profit will received. our partners will able raise interest azart cryptocurrency themselves and this will help them have additional income, due the growth the exchange rate and the overall popularization the azartpay platform. regardless whether you are partner the platform ordinary crypto investor, everybody will have the opportunity receive additional revenue using the azartpay platform. have revenue you need buy necessary number coins and install masternode. addition, owners the masternodes will have possibility put their projects the vote for their subsequent financing. decentralized financing system the projects the azart block reward allocates into community-governed treasury fund (starting from block). this fund fully open audit the public, providing assurance the fund's intended use. any owner the masternode azart platform will able put their projects for voting, order get financing through the azartpay platform. this can either proposals improving the platform, their own projects that can cause interest the community and get the necessary number votes. reward system proof-of-work, proof-of-stake and masternodes are all ways that various cryptocurrencies reward workers. these reward systems contribute the creation and confirmation the blockchain and each new block distributes the reward among those who perform jobs. our team has developed new formula reward distribution. currently the reward for the mined block will dynamic and paid with accuracy eight decimal places. the reward will calculated according the following formula: reward nprevheight)); the reward will smoothly decrease from coins per block during nine years. then will remain coins per block until the end the issue. block reward chart azart block reward over years ewar year distribution the reward azart block reward distribution fund miners masternodes the azart block reward split such that rewards are allocated masternodes, rewards are allocated miners and are allocated community-governed treasury fund. azart includes unique lucky block system called lucky proof-of-work. this system rewards both miners and masternodes owners who find specific block, introducing element luck and excitement the azart community. reward calculation for masternodes the azart code base dictates that masternode rewards fluctuate based the current number masternodes. calculate daily masternode payouts, one can use the following formula: reward (per day) number masternodes owned total active masternodes current block reward blocks per day lucky proof-of-work block reward the azart protocol features lucky proof-of-work block. similar superblock, lucky pow blocks have special block reward. lucky-pow block reward distribution ewar block reward azart specifications specifications ticker algorithm port testnet port difficulty algorithm block size block time masternode confirmation masternode collateral governance fee governance minimum quorum premine anti-instamine value azart dark gravity wave sec. blocks azart azart votes for developers; for growth and development the project; for the motivation system; all: coins) reward coins per block from blocks azart roadmap our team intends constantly optimize and improve the azartpay platform and azart cryptocurrency. will follow the roadmap during and the end the year will prepare detailed plan development for the desires and proposals the azart community will taken into account and some will included the roadmap. research and development issue whitepaper the launching azart blockchain connecting masternodes wallets for windows and linux start trading azart cryptocurrency crex exchange azartpay site launching updating the design the platform adding azart cryptocurrency other exchanges partners motivational system release launch the merchant service and api azartpay connecting gambling services the platform launch the decentralized project financing system project financing wallets for android and ios marketing azartpay platform release the development plan for advisors jack lee investor, expert gambling. co-owner casino macau. yee chiang the owner online gambling service. mikhail boldin associate professor probability theory. candidate physical and mathematical sciences. profile dmitriy plaksin expert gambling. co-owner the poker club currently engaged the development gambling the blockchain. facebook azart team the idea the azartpay platform and azart cryptocurrency was created and implemented experienced blockchain developers and experts gambling. the result and magnitude the project you will see the nearest future! den project manager expert gambling. years experience online and offline gambling project management. rodion blockchain developer more than years experience developing the blockchain. more than years programming experience c++. andrew system architect technology enthusiast with innovative approach and use technology gaming. experience the specialty more than years. software engineer has over years experience professional software development. vlad marketing manager experienced manager marketing. owner advertising agency. internet marketing more than years. thanks this project would not have been possible without the previous work the bitcoin and dash development teams. highly appreciate their efforts. are happy join the blockchain community and appreciate the opportunity contribute this growing technological field. also want thank all those who provided assistance and support the initial stage the project development. legal cryptocurrency investments are inherently high risk. before using any cryptocurrency, important consider the nature, complexity and risk. not invest more than you can afford lose. important not use coins without taking into account the possible loss, since the type change these currencies highly volatile and the azart team unable regulate market-defined prices. strongly suggest seeking advice from your own financial, investment, tax, legal adviser. the azart development team will always act good faith and not liable for the use azart other community members, persons institutions. online gambling and betting market (game type poker, casino, social gaming, lottery, bingo, sports betting and fantasy sports) global industry global online gambling and betting market: snapshot the global online gambling and betting market primarily being driven increasing adoption high-speed internet services mobile devices. the overall demand for live streaming sports and games videos through online portals and mobile devices growing very high rate and provides players from the global online gambling and betting market the opportunity integrate their betting services into live streams directly, further enhancing the growth rate the market. currently, the global online gambling and betting market comprises players that primarily providing online gambling and betting platforms and gaming solutions. meanwhile, progress being made into developing comprehensive online gambling and betting solutions that allow for better user interface and interactions, and provide enhanced user experience. the global online gambling and betting market expected reach us$. the end the market projected expand cagr from the end the global online gambling and betting market expected reach us$. bn. europe reigns supreme provision online betting and gambling platforms from regional perspective, europe held the leading share the global online gambling and betting market terms revenue for this region marked the presence large number online operators for gambling and betting, and several its countries hold favorable regulatory environments conducive the growth the market. the u.k. especially expected play key role the european market, followed malta. additionally, asia pacific expected contribute steady revenue stream the global online gambling and betting market over the coming years, due growing demand for online betting and gambling portals and the easing regulatory norms for these online portals. the market for global gambling and betting asia pacific expected expand cagr terms revenue, from conversely, heavy restriction online gambling and betting the u.s. has resulted severe loss for market players north america. this region expected grow much slower pace than others. over the coming years, the relaxation stiff regulations for online betting and gambling expected result upswing their demand states such nevada, delaware and new jersey. the middle east africa (mea) region and south american countries are expected contribute very low revenue the global online gambling and betting market for the foreseeable future. online casino services show high revenue generation based the types games, casino services segment held the leading share the global online gambling and betting market hefty its revenue the other hand, sports betting expected surge over the coming years due higher rate adoption live sports betting multiple players. online lottery and poker are also likely potentially beneficial the overall market's growth rate. large number users are showing demand for better gaming experience and also hold higher disposable incomes spend. gambling and betting operators are currently evolving with the adoption online platforms and their preference over traditional, physical operations. the global online gambling and betting market was dominated key names that included netent ab, holdings plc, gvc holdings plc, fortuna entertainment group, ladbrokes coral group plc, william hill plc, playtech plc, amaya, inc., kindred plc, and paddy power betfair plc. original article: https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/onlinegambling-betting.html references bitcoin: peer-to-peer electronic cash system: https://bitcoin.org/bitcoin.pdf dash white paper: https://dashpay.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/doc/pages//whitepaper thank you for your time. will glad see you azart community.