coin bbeyond coin wallet free platform exchange free affiliated faucet free community driven lottery long term whitepaper coin bbeyond coin the coin was launched support the future platform. the coin cryptonight algorithm coin, low difficulty and mineable with cpu and asic resistant and based provide coins, did pre-mine nor are ico. are not aiming setup another banking system, want stay clear from banking intermediates and (other) delaying actors. proof work low difficulty asic resistant cpu mineable pre-mine ico cryptonight algorithm (https://github.com/forknote/forknote) cryptonight coin coins supplied (low-supply) whitepaper coin bbeyond currently are using the latest version forknote and will hard-fork the code later stage the business development. the coin will big part the bbeyond community. the community also includes and mlm businesses. the platform its starting price that advanced level package the platform (more levels the platform section). that amount distributed the developers the components required the customer. all components get grade. the higher the grade the higher the percentage earnings. the more users, developers and clients the higher the appreciation the coin, and thus the price, will be. whitepaper coin bbeyond business business the context where factories sell stores. might seem like easy process, but regular the business for decade now, see the demand but tailored solution being offered. every company rebuilds the same software, their own supply chain, just slightly different way. are here offer platform that allows factories and business join each other platform. the main idea build platform that offers components factories build frontend websites. frontend websites businesses are different then webshops, they have very specific needs. totally different ball game when comes website creation, are creating platform that will cover their needs. business client what all know, when going web shop you are using business client services. they offer you basket where you can collect your product(s), they show you simple overview with taxes and you can pay with visa, paypal and sometimes even cryptocurrencies. this form business that will automatically covered the services, they are all tweakable and can tailored the needs the customer. mlm mlm/affiliate marketing mlm, multi level marketing affiliate marketing; this needs some explaning. most people see multilevel marketing scam but many them are not. will advise those that are legit and will never promote any scams our sites. are focusing affiliate marketing, not the know scams matrixes, hyips (high yield investment programs) whitepaper coin bbeyond wallet the wallet will provide central place for storing multiple currencies. cryptonight coins will supported, btc, litecoin, monero and many more. sidenote, will not support ico any fashion. the wallet will tightly coupled the platform and completely decoupled from the exchange. the wallet supports all forknote coins, monero and others. for the techies among us, the wallet written java and not c++ (qt) many other wallets are. source code: https://github.com/oliviersinnaeve/bbcoin-wallet whitepaper coin bbeyond platform the platform created enable bb, and mlm businesses build their front-end websites. the and mlm community might already covered; the community only covered expensive freelancers and full-time developers. are here establish platform that separates the development from the design and includes the business the development process. levels: basic: the basic level gives you the opportunity use the platform for free and get learn it. you can only host the website production the shared hosts. intermediate: the intermediate level gives you the ability use more features and able rent other services. advanced: the advanced level gives you access all services and components from the platform. high-level overview diagram: client: browser apps crypto authentification low diff hash solving html hosting rented private services data translations cart login many more web crypyography https://en.wikipedia.org/ wiki/web_cryptography_api private services hosted the business themselves whitepaper coin bbeyond main currency the coin the main currency for selling products knowledge the platform. products are components and knowledge are the code designers, testers, test writers component based the component based enabled platform gives much freedom. almost everything can achieved using components. the platform will get more and more intuitive for the users, will learn from every user's experience and the system will adapt. every developer the world will able create components and offer them for rent sale. renting comes down monthly fees, this could because you host your own services. selling component one-time price component. test driven (gherkin component) use the gherkin language the test component define what the user interface must act like. the given when then method has very simple syntax that readable and writeable business people and even users. ex.: given bank account credit, and made withdrawals recently, when attempt withdraw amount less than card its limit, then the withdrawal should complete without errors warnings whitepaper coin bbeyond easy data management handle your data management and data retrieval performance. business services push their data our datacenters and store the data efficient way handled the client, performance the main goal. broker systems will available, but price, want avoid them for performance reasons. just mentioning this not mandatory; businesses can handle their own data services. development language independent any service component can written any language long produces rest service api, the api described bbeyond. implementing the interface enough for the component work. designable developers are not always the best designers, designing what the developer outputs screen designer easy designing every component the developers made. designing each component separately, everything falls into place and the designer has good overview what changing. translatable (in) provide translations component bases, meaning every component needs translated its own. this gives the selling developers the opportunity provide their components multiple languages and also the buyer the ability translate his own. and many other features whitepaper coin bbeyond exchange when comes finding the best bitcoin exchange things are not all that easy. why this so? simply because many the best sites buy bitcoin are rather recently online. this means that they have had little get the word out about their services and products. most people coming this page will asking how buy bitcoin online through secure means. well, here good starting point. let,s see how. first thing consider when looking for the top bitcoin exchange how safe are the website and server. this boils down asking: trustworthy exchange providing transparent data coins cold storage (more this later) and are customers happy? it's also good lookout for which currency pairs are available: are you looking trade bitcoin for usd, euros, other fiat currencies. the location usually gives idea what offer. however, the largest bitcoin sites usually have many options for buying bitcoin with government issued currency and altcoins. the sheer complexity researching where trade bitcoin led create our own exchange. secure exchanges that are trustworthy and have good user ratings will rank higher than their peers. extra points are given for sites buy bitcoin with paypal, many users request this feature. ranking preference also given for sites buy bitcoin with credit card. will offer both off them. whitepaper coin bbeyond faucet faucets are made make the coin more noticeable, should run the community, bbeyond will start one faucet, but the others should run and maintained the community. faucets are means awareness, the more faucets and faucet hubs have the more known the coin will get. are making call the community here. and see you soon, olivier sinnaeve bbcoin.xyz whitepaper