bitcoinnetwork brief introduction bn-project purely peer-to-peer version electronic cash would allow online payments sent directly from one party another without going through financial institution." satoshi nakamoto the above mentioned the basic premise that every legitimate decentralized digital currency built on. the entire purpose digital currency remove the need for traditional trust-based payment ecosystems where third parties reign the processors and benefactors electronic payments. eliminating third-party processors, blockchains allow for decentralized environment offer "trust" cryptographic proofs rather than institutions. sadly, the influx cryptocurrency technology solutions has brought forth pressing issues true decentralization, pseudo-anonymity, consensus issues and the lack scalability. with grief that state that the cryptocurrency industry also puzzled with solutions that are illfounded, money-grabs the subject political power plays. thus, the list shortcomings current cryptocurrency technology solutions long and shall propose our solutions combat these deficiencies. project about bn-project the bn-project open-source collaborative effort build multi-tiered blockchain ecosystem that founded three basic tenets: privacy, freedom and equality. proposed diverse team technically competent individuals who are well versed distributed ledger technologies, cryptography and economics. the team believes the essence true success any open-source project dependent upon the community that builds it. for this reason that the projects successful implementation directly correlated with the active participation and contribution its community. the founding team has not depended collecting irrational amount funds via ico 'token sale' develop its solutions. instead, has delivered robust digital currency blockchain (bn coin) the community investing their own personal funds, time and efforts. despite these efforts, the ultimate success this project dependent upon community collaboration. active community members who contribute their invaluable time and skills will rewarded via coin bounties. this incentive ensures that every bn-project contributor vested party the development and growth the project. therefore, coins have been allocated for distribution community participants who aid the development and promotion the project. the coin neither considered user activated soft fork (uasf) nor user activated hard fork (uahf) any coin. instead, enhances the already disruptive technology cryptonote implementing its own variations the source code (e.g. cryptonight-bn algorithm). the coin powered robust blockchain system that privacy-centric, self-regulating and adaptive nature. enables users privately transact across the world within instant and rids the need for third-party validators. all network transactions are processed and validated collectively the decentralized global community. bitcoinnetwork open source software built upon: collaboration, privacy, freedom and equality. for more information please visit https://bitcoin.network why the name bitcoinnetwork bitcoin chosen honor satoshi nakamoto for successfully implementing the first ever double-spend proof cross-border peer-to-peer decentralized blockchain based digital money financial ecosystem some facts about coin open-source decentralized blockchain ecosystem developed the efforts contributed the community eliminates central control and the need for third-parties offers low cost and instantaneous global transactions facilitates untraceable and unlinkable transactions ensure represents the technological enhancement bn- project committed implement upon the original protocol and concept blockchain technology. when nakamoto published his whitepaper introduce blockchain technology, was the first step towards innovation and disruption. however, over the past decade some fundamental technical flaws the original bitcoin protocol have come light that must tackled for mass adoption and financial freedom. privacy protects user identity utilizing ring signature confidential transactions and camo-addresses uses dynamic difficulty retarget approach that adapts available network resources every block which prevents network attacks and ensures second block time follows the egalitarian-pow approach cryptonote provide fair mining environment introducing its own network represents its decentralized global community comprised individuals and organizations that maintain the required computer systems called nodes- these nodes sustain the blockchain validating transactions, communicating with one another, and maintain its decentralized ledger. variation cryptonight mining maximum supply billion coins are mined approximately years provides realistic and efficient payment solutions for real world businesses future technology solutions digital payment gateways digital payment gateways are designed provide ease use for merchants and consumers. the bn-project will continuously build and enhance its payment solutions for businesses and consumers that utilize coin payment method. details the functionality these gateways will provided the public due time. mercator program the mercator protocol one kind incentive-based merchant solution program. the community realizes that merchants, businesses, are dependent upon technology solutions that are reliable, efficient, secure and fit well with their business model. the mercator protocol designed aid businesses accepting coin payment method without assuming the risks associated with market volatility. mercator clearing house (mch) incentive-based program encourage third party partnerships implement clearing houses that facilitate conversion digital currency regional fiat for businesses helix helix technology solution that desperately needed aid the overall adoption cryptocurrencies. smart digital wallet application that will provide intuitive interaction with multiple digital currencies without the need utilize local storage massive blockchain data. with the implementation helix, the bn-project will provide ease use for cryptocurrency payments for every type user dex dex privacy-centric decentralized exchange that part the bn-project's long-term vision. will support all major cryptocurrencies and uses coin its base digital currency (i.e. use for fees) bizarre bazaar full-featured privacy-centric digital marketplace that will allow its users privately interact with one another exchange digital goods and services specifications coin allocation description per% amount minable supply ,,, social media bounties merchants bounties promotional bounties r&d bounties dex fund project development name: bitcoinnetwork ticker: pow algorithm: cryptonight-bn block time: secs maturity mined coins: blocks difficulty re-target: each block (approx. seconds) address letter: btc port: advisors rpc port: founders team social media and other links website: https://bitcoin.network bitcointalk: https://goo.gl/ehbswf twitter: https://twitter.com/bitcoinnetwork discord: https://discord.gg/ctfsdsb youtube: https://goo.gl/kvpt subreddit: https://reddit.com/r/bitcoinnetwork facebook: https://goo.gl/eztzar cryptotalk: https://goo.gl/rfxwxb telegram: https://t.me/bitcoin.network block explorer: http://explorer.bitcoin.network