draft for open community review and subject change digital wealth management application mass adoption blockchain ecosystem the pinnacle payment notice and disclaimer please read the entirety this "notice and disclaimer" section carefully. nothing herein constitutes legal, financial, business tax advice and you should consult your own legal, financial, tax other professional advisor(s) before engaging any activity connection herewith. neither foundation ltd. (the foundation), any the project team members (the team) who have worked (as defined herein) project develop any way whatsoever, any distributor/vendor tokens (the distributor), nor any service provider shall liable for any kind direct indirect damage loss whatsoever which you may suffer connection with accessing this whitepaper, draft for open community review and subject change the website http://b.com/ (the website) any other websites materials published the foundation. the whitepaper and the website are intended for general informational purposes only and does not constitute prospectus, offer document, offer securities, solicitation for investment, any offer sell any product, item asset (whether digital otherwise). the information herein may not exhaustive and does not imply any element contractual relationship. there assurance the accuracy completeness such information and representation, warranty undertaking purported provided the accuracy completeness such information. where the whitepaper the website includes information that has been obtained from third party sources, the foundation, the distributor, and/or the team have not independently verified the accuracy completion such information. further, you acknowledge that circumstances may change and that the whitepaper the website may become outdated result; and neither the foundation nor the distributor under any obligation update correct this document connection therewith. nothing the whitepaper the website constitutes any offer the foundation, the distributor the team sell any token (as defined herein) nor shall any part nor the fact its presentation form the basis of, relied upon connection with, any contract investment decision. nothing contained the whitepaper the website may relied upon promise, representation undertaking the future performance the agreement between the distributor and you, relation any sale and purchase token, governed only the separate terms and conditions such agreement. accessing the whitepaper the website (or any part thereof), you represent and warrant the foundation, the distributor, its affiliates, and the team follows: (a) any decision purchase any token, you have not relied any statement set out the whitepaper the website; (b) you will and shall your own expense ensure compliance with all laws, regulatory requirements and restrictions applicable you (as the case may be); (c) you acknowledge, understand and agree that token may have value, there guarantee representation value liquidity for token, and token not for speculative investment; (d) none the foundation, the distributor, its affiliates, and/or the team members shall responsible for liable for the value token, the transferability and/or liquidity token and/or the availability any market for token through third parties otherwise; and (e) you acknowledge, understand and agree that you are not eligible purchase any token you are citizen, national, resident (tax otherwise), domiciliary and/or green card holder geographic area country (i) where likely that the sale token would construed the sale security (howsoever named), financial draft for open community review and subject change service investment product and/or (ii) where participation token sales prohibited applicable law, decree, regulation, treaty, administrative act (including without limitation the united states america, canada, new zealand, people's republic china (but not including the special administrative regions hong kong and macau, and the territory taiwan), the republic korea, thailand, and the socialist republic vietnam). the foundation, the distributor and the team not and not purport make, and hereby disclaims, all representations, warranties undertaking any entity person (including without limitation warranties the accuracy, completeness, timeliness reliability the contents the whitepaper the website, any other materials published the foundation the distributor). the maximum extent permitted law, the foundation, the distributor, their affiliates and service providers shall not liable for any indirect, special, incidental, consequential other losses any kind, tort, contract otherwise (including, without limitation, any liability arising from default negligence the part any them, any loss revenue, income profits, and loss use data) arising from the use the whitepaper the website, any other materials published, its contents (including without limitation any errors omissions) otherwise arising connection with the same. prospective purchasers token should carefully consider and evaluate all risks and uncertainties (including financial and legal risks and uncertainties) associated with the token token sale, the foundation, the distributor and the team. the information set out the whitepaper and the website for community discussion only and not legally binding. person bound enter into any contract binding legal commitment relation the acquisition token, and virtual currency other form payment accepted the basis the whitepaper the website. the agreement for sale and purchase token and/or continued holding token shall governed separate set terms and conditions token purchase agreement (as the case may be) setting out the terms such purchase and/or continued holding token (the terms and conditions), which shall separately provided you made available the website. the event any inconsistencies between the terms and conditions and the whitepaper the website, the terms and conditions shall prevail. all contributions will applied towards the advancing, promoting the research, design and development of, and advocacy for blockchain-based payment system. the foundation, the distributor and their various affiliates would develop, manage and operate regulatory authority has examined approved any the information set out the whitepaper the website. such action has been will taken under the laws, regulatory requirements rules any jurisdiction. the publication, distribution draft for open community review and subject change dissemination the whitepaper the website does not imply that the applicable laws, regulatory requirements rules have been complied with. the information set out herein only conceptual, and describes the future development goals for developed. the whitepaper the website may amended replaced from time time. there are obligations update the whitepaper the website, provide recipients with access any information beyond what provided herein. all statements contained herein, statements made press releases any place accessible the public and oral statements that may made the foundation, the distributor and/or the team, may constitute forward-looking statements (including statements regarding intent, belief current expectations with respect market conditions, business strategy and plans, financial condition, specific provisions and risk management practices). you are cautioned not place undue reliance these forwardlooking statements given that these statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause the actual future results materially different from that described such forward-looking statements, and independent third party has reviewed the reasonableness any such statements assumptions. these forward-looking statements are applicable only the date indicted the whitepaper, and the foundation, the distributor well the team expressly disclaim any responsibility (whether express implied) release any revisions these forward-looking statements reflect events after such date. the use any company and/or platform names trademarks herein (save for those which relate the foundation, the distributor its affiliates) does not imply any affiliation with, endorsement by, any third party. references the whitepaper the website specific companies and platforms are for illustrative purposes only. the whitepaper and the website may translated into language other than english and the event conflict ambiguity between the english language version and translated versions the whitepaper the website, the english language versions shall prevail. you acknowledge that you have read and understood the english language version the whitepaper and the website. part the whitepaper the website copied, reproduced, distributed disseminated any way without the prior written consent the foundation the distributor. draft for open community review and subject change contents background ................................................................................................................ the evolution blockchain ................................................................................... blockchain today ................................................................................................ project development .............................................................................................. system .............................................................................................................. project timeline ..................................................................................................... token ................................................................................................................ system token economy ............................................................................ development team ................................................................................................... disclaimer ................................................................................................................ draft for open community review and subject change background the evolution blockchain will often remember the birth the internet technological event that important the industrial revolution the arrival the information age, event that happened less than years ago. now, the streets chinese cities, seems that everyone looking their mobile phones from time time. this the pervasive popularity the internet that has brought about changes our daily lives. contrast, the impact nakamoto's announcement bitcoin [nakamoto does not appear great the technological breakthroughs mentioned earlier. the contrary, has been subjected many questions. this also shows that nakamoto's thoughts are way ahead than his time. however, the impact his masterpiece has been acknowledged. bitcoin prices exceeded $,, blockchain technology was widely accepted major technological innovation and breakthrough. even so, the impact blockchain technology may still underestimated. fact, can think that the blockchain brings world with strong personal privacy and private asset ownership, which may have profound impact the future mankind. brief review the history human civilization easily reveals that privacy and private asset ownership are the pillars its foundation. therefore, not difficult imagine that blockchain technology will have greater impact the world compared the industrial revolution. experimental stage (-). the name the founder satoshi nakamoto's bitcoin began explore the use series technologies create new currency, bitcoin. october the bitcoin white paper was released and january the bitcoin system started. the main technologies supporting the bitcoin system include hash functions, distributed ledgers, blockchains, asymmetric encryption, and proof workload, which form the initial version the blockchain. from the end bitcoin was the stage technical experiment which very small number people participated, and related business activities have not really begun. minority adoption stage the geeks (-). the first bitcoin exchange was born february may someone bought pizzas with bitcoins. july the famous bitcoin exchange mt.gox was established, which marked start that bitcoin really entering the market. despite this, only geeks are possible understand bitcoin and they were the only ones who enter the market participate the trading bitcoin. they discussed bitcoin technology the bitcointalk.org forum, mining bitcoin their own computers, and started trading bitcoin mt.gox. just four years later, some these geeks became legends blockchains, termed blockchains billionaires. draft for open community review and subject change market preparation stage (-). the beginning the price bitcoin was the cyprus government faced financial crisis march they shut down banks and stock markets, pushing the price bitcoin, soaring april. august the german government confirmed the currency status bitcoin. october china baidu announced the opening bitcoin payments. the senate hearing november made clear the legitimacy bitcoin. bitcoin reached new high november however, this point time, the basis the blockchain entering the mainstream social economy still not recognised, and the price surge includes overly optimistic expectations from exaggerated marketing and speculation. the suppression the chinese central banks and the collapse mt.gox triggered the huge bear market. the price bitcoin started fall. the beginning was below dollars. many companies closed but the enterprises that survived the winter strengthened. during this time, companies like volkswagen began understand bitcoin and blockchain, and went explore its potential although still not universally accepted. mainstream adoption stage (-). with the brexit june the fifth nuclear test north korea september and the election trump november the world's mainstream economy has increased uncertainty and they needed safe-haven option. bitcoin, which has irrelative relationship with the mainstream economy, started recover, market demand started increase, and the scale transactions expanded rapidly, marking the start the bull market. although the chinese market was severely curbed policies, markets such south korea, japan, and latin america were heating rapidly. bitcoin prices soared from maximum early the end fold increase. the profitability bitcoin and the spill over caused the congestion bitcoin network have led the explosion other virtual currencies and various other blockchain applications. there came the emergence blockchain projects which gave hundred-fold, thousand-fold including ten thousand-fold returns which triggered the world's crazy pursuit all types coins and tokens. this made bitcoin and blockchain achieve mainstream adoption. the announcement bitcoin futures trading the chicago mercantile exchange cme marks the official entry bitcoin into mainstream investment products provided financial institutions and banks. industrial adoption stage (about -). after the market frenzy, the virtual currency and blockchain space returned rational pace, adjustment was carried out the market and regulatory. most blockchain projects created the fear missing out (fomo) effect will phased out the market cools down, and small number the surviving ones will continue push the blockchain into industrial adoption. these projects will kick off but will take several years undergo market testing and acceptance. this rapid trial and error process, the rise and fall products and enterprises within the industry will accelerated, giving the outcome only those who are applicable last and stay the game. most companies the main industry sectors would adopt blockchain draft for open community review and subject change technology where suitable and cryptocurrency will also widely used and accepted. industrial maturity stage (about -). after various successful blockchain projects are put into the field, the market will enter intense stage market competition and industrial integration eliminate each other and whereby will the survival the fittest. within another three five years, some industry leaders will formed, market division will completed, the blockchain industry infrastructure will basically formed; and relevant laws and regulations will place. the role the blockchain various fields social economy rapidly emerging. cryptocurrency will become the mainstream currency. economies will undergo major adjustments; social and political cultures will also undergo corresponding changes. international political and economic relations will face major changes. blockchain will have wide and profound impact people's lives. then, blockchain would have become global. the six stages development the blockchain can further simplified; the first two stages can regarded the experimental stages, the middle two stages are the mainstream adoption stages, and the latter two stages are the industrial adoption stages. are still period where width social cognition has been achieved but the depth cognition still insufficient. necessary further promote the research and popularization blockchain knowledge lay the foundation for the maturity industrial adoption and development. any case, the great value the blockchain the global economy has been fully recognized, and the value the global socio-political ecological improvement gradually emerging. this new social and economic impetus that worthy further inspection seize the right opportunities. blockchain today present, blockchain technology still immature, and the underlying facilities are imperfect, resulting many applications facing limitations. looking through the perspective blockchain technology, application still very early stage; the three key factors scalability, security, and decentralization are difficult optimize the same time, some factors are compromised exchange for the other factors. present, there are blockchain projects some regions that already had some simple application scenarios. for example, some new blockchain-based projects can released through the ethereum network and the bts platform, and content creators can decentralized through steem, allowing the creation piece work that truly belongs them. draft for open community review and subject change brief introduction matured blockchain projects: public chain technology eos: eos like microsoft's windows platform. creating developerfriendly blockchain underlying platform, supports multiple applications running simultaneously, providing the underlying templates for developing dapps. eos solves the problem latency and data throughput through parallel chain and dpos. eos can process thousands transactions per second, while bitcoin can only about per second, and ethereum only does per second. eos has transaction fees, and the response from the mass market has been great. the development dapps eos requires network and computing resources allocated proportion the eos owned the developer. when you have eos, equivalent having computer resources. with the development dapp, you can lease the eos your hand others. from this point view, eos also has wide range values both the owner and the developer. vsys: systems public chain positioning create blockchain database and application platform. the main network was launched september and the super node was fully launched during the same period. from its launch present, the super nodes the public chain are all performing fast and stable. the spos consensus algorithm set, one block produced every seconds, the success rate the block higher, and the average delay lower than millisecond. the creation systems will give the financial lending industry unlimited possibilities through blockchain technology. through innovation the mathematical level, spos proposes creative consensus algorithm for fixed-order blocks, while positioning the super nodes similar role the mining pool through cold minting technology. these advanced infrastructural designs allow the systems public chain achieve high performance, high scalability and high stability. these will the underlying blockchain technology that can influence variety financial blockchain innovations. stable coins: more exchanges and projects are issuing their own tokens coins, the price each token faces extreme fluctuations when pegged with volatile trading pairs. solve this issue, many stable coins led tether usdt are emerging the market. before the only well-known stable coin was tether usdt, and its market value dominated the total market value the stable coin for long time. however, since several dollar stable coins that emerged. now have tusd, usdc, pax, gusd and on. the development these emerging stable coins has led new stable coin economy. padata joined hands with blockchain data and security service provider draft for open community review and subject change peckshield analyse the onchain transactions and secondary markets transaction mainstream stable coins usdt, tusd, usdc, pax, gusd, eurs, nusd and dgx. results showed usdt still dominated the stable coin's market share far, but due its own crisis trust, emerging stable currencies such tusd, usdc and pax have already seized some markets. the usdt has trading pairs exchanges because its first-mover advantage. the remaining stable coins are highly dependent one two exchanges. overall, the pioneers each stable coins have relatively high degree control over their market and large volume transfers have been seen each individual community. project development established has received investment and was acquired hong kong wealth foundation may for strategic business integration. aims provide platform for digital wealth major sectors: management applications mass adoption form blockchain ecosystem facilitate payment system. the -business field covers multi-currency universal wallets, global payments, blockchain pp, services, otc services, aggregate transactions, wealth management products, technology venture funds, and charity. will enhance blockchain technology with revolutionizing marketing model rapidly expand its business globally. b*universal wallet universal wallet digital currency versatile mobile application terminal based independent blockchain technology. integrates five types wallets: cold wallet, wallet, multi-sig wallet, decentralized exchange, and decentralized social. within its public chain, universal wallet also creating universal key system where all users would only required hold one key access all their cryptocurrency. with strong technical strength, functionality, practicality and ease use, the key digital assets the blockchain era. draft for open community review and subject change )global payments payment blockchain-based payment platform that allows you use cryptocurrency anytime, anywhere. people can use their debit card for daily shopping and withdrawals. the payment system includes the wallet, which can used nearly countries using different cryptocurrencies (available ios and android) and cards, accepted more than million visa merchants both online and offline. offer users variety cryptocurrency features for added security. creating superior product experience for our customers the heart our work. )blockchain the blockchain platform ecosystem utilizes the decentralization blockchain technology. the point-to-point service blockchain technology does not need trusted third party. each account the node records every loan, cannot forged, and cannot tampered with. transfers across the blockchain, are vetted, transparent and open. combined with btc, eth,b and most stable coins such usdt,tusd,dai,pax, gusd,usdc,bitcny,qc,digixdao; the public chain offers pledge lending, which solves major problem the industry with many holders facing issues having too many coins but cash hand. eventually when all the operations are stable country, will expand across borders create the first global blockchain platform. )cc refers the legal currency transactions between users using usdt. for example, user has usdt, trades through cc, and sells another user. this type transaction called cc, which peer-to-peer transaction. the blockchain platform equivalent intermediary that provides additional guaranteed asset security both parties. )otc b*otc function that provides blockchain over-the-counter (otc) transactions. dedicated making blockchain assets flow more efficiently, helping participants quickly discover and realize the value digital currency investments allowing them partake into blockchain projects through fiat crypto exchanges efficiently. )aggregate trading the aggregator account that implements global cross-exchange service that aggregates "transactions" from other exchanges onto single platform. the converged transaction realizes trans-global exchange transactions, covering the currency types the market, big data allows for artificial draft for open community review and subject change intelligence's price comparison, and selecting the global optimal price difference help users improve transaction efficiency and accelerate user profitability. blockchain financial products the blockchain platform will gradually launch stable blockchain wealth management products, including bonds, fixed deposits and similarly other financial products that the consumers are familiar with the traditional financial market. investors subscribe with digital currency with limited availability firstcome, first-served basis. the wealth management funds will managed thirdparty professional team ensure stable and profitable returns the investors. )technology venture fund tvf blockchain ecosystem, technology venture fund raises capital for capitalists and retail investors the platform through smart contract crowdfunding application the public chain system. provides number post-investment value-added services for blockchain entrepreneurs, including project incubation, acceleration, technical innovation guidance, economic model grooming, brand marketing, and internationally known medias amongst other premium resources. have professional blockchain team; digital asset quantitative investment team, blockchain project value assessment team, digital asset venture capital team. screen high-quality projects globally. our targeted investment sector covers infrastructure and applications, and derivative industries the blockchain ecosystem. )charity the platform launches its charity sector and relies the blockchain charity platform provide medical funds efficiently for the broad masses need. fundraisers don't have pay fees through the platform, professional consultants are available one-on-one consultations, and most importantly access global donations faster speed. the form digital asset donations, donors around the world help poor people who are need. the public welfare target raise more than million dollars digital currency and lead the people the blockchain space contribute back the society. system estimated that there are now tens thousands blockchain projects, and even more are upcoming. for many individuals and teams looking enter the blockchain industry, the cost developing and maintaining blockchain systems has been huge challenge. time tackle the core issues and reinvent blockchain technology from another perspective. can significantly reduce the cost applying blockchain technology while increasing scalability, this will bring more innovative uses blockchain technology and push forward its mass adoption speed. spos economy model draft for open community review and subject change spos, also known supernode proof-of-stake, upgraded version proofofstake pos. the father pos, sunny king, published his papers and opinions spos and developed his third project, using spos consensus mechanism. successfully developed the vsys: systems. also adopted the spos consensus build the public chain system. the public chain system promotes performance-oriented innovation, self-governance and sustainable token economies, low barrier token economy participation. spos provides incentives and hardware upgrades for super node minors, enabling them continuously improve performance and thus support larger applications. this economic model, the minters the super-node can lease tokens from other token holders (through secondary smart contracts), from which they produce the blocks themselves, get token incentives, and then share them with the token holders. this way, everyone willing contribute this ecosystem solve the problem threats centralization faced bitcoin and other ecosystems. through this model, everyone will mutually benefit each other. this way, the community will confident introduce more holders participate the development well the protection the ecosystem, which turn benefit the security the entire network. blockchain database the major breakthrough that blockchain technology brought was decentralization. logically, one the keys adopting blockchain lies within the migration from traditional database structure this new decentralized framework. general, traditional user accounts can substituted public-private keys and addresses blockchains. traditional databases are subject strong access control, almost all data restricted authenticated accounts. moreover, account creation also centralized model traditional databases, which database administrator grants the user account for access. with blockchains, conversely, key pairs are generated freely anyone, without the need for centralized administration. much the data then considered public access, unless stored encrypted form the blockchain. this applies even for private blockchains within organization's own draft for open community review and subject change lan, unencrypted data should still considered publicly accessible, due the unavoidable breach into the lan. instead, privacy protected the anonymity the virtual identities. this fact arguably stronger privacy protection compared centralized model, where the loss customer data happens often due hacking. hence the protection privacy depends the anonymity virtual identity. interestingly, this may stronger privacy protection model compared the sinochem model. objects, the form json objects, are pretty powerful data structures represent structured data. key-value pairs can considered simple example objects. key key-value pair should not confused with public key virtual identity. this term sometimes also referred name-value pair avoid confusion. keyspace namespace scope the database can either local the user global. issuance: the relationship between the token issuer and the fungible under ownership type data model, the data object may regarded "owned" the identity who inserted it, meaning can only modified deleted this owner. for global namespace, there global namespace resolution problem. this can understood global uniqueness constraint problem. when user attempts insert key-value pair, observer sees the key name the broadcast and then makes competing insert the same key name, which may get confirmed into the blockchain instead the original insert. namecoin introduced protocol deal with this issue. the idea goes like this: user sends pre-insertion reservation transaction, where the key/name the insertion hidden via hashing. the protocol understands that the reservation transaction reserves the insertion the given key for some period. wait for the pre-insertion reservation transaction confirm. then broadcast the actual insertion transaction the network. the insertion transaction should include link/reference the reservation transaction pass protocol validation that the insertion and the reservation match each other. since the squatter does not know what the key name the time the reservation transaction broadcasted, would not able get before the actual owner, unless reorganization the blockchain happens after the insertion transaction broadcasted. however, this still unable prevent squatters from guessing what other people want and claiming them advance, like the domain name system. draft for open community review and subject change database migration migration features are extremely important for database. database scales, would more cost effective migrate separate blockchain its own, the blockchain fees can lowered specific the application itself. the system plans provide migration tools move database from one blockchain another. modularity goals modularity important design goal lower the system complexity and reduce future development and maintenance cost, not only for the platform itself but also for the individual blockchains running applications the ecosystem. layers protocol: consensus management layer block tree management layer interchain processing layer transaction processing layer data format layer peer-to-peer network layer internet protocol layer system components: pluggable consensus models pluggable business logic container database management component draft for open community review and subject change database operation component database query component shared peer-to-peer networking full node with blockchain processing smartphone based light-weight cold wallet and hot wallet browser based wallet consensus system the initial bitcoin's consensus mechanism now known the nakamoto consensus. the nakamoto consensus landmark breakthrough and the beginning everything. with more than years the run, the bitcoin system undoubtedly proves its reliability. protocol layering consensus management block tree management interchain processing layer transaction processing layer data format layer peer network layer internet protocol layer smart contracts smart contracts allow parties create binding agreements without third trusted party. bitcoin used simple scripting system when validating transaction. but this scripting system quite limited, and for the fear potential issues, bitcoin restricted its use among standard transactions. later, ethereum redesigned new smart contract system with turing-complete programming language known solidity. was significant progression for blockchain technology, allowed autonomous and decentralized contracts realized for many application scenarios. eos recently proposed implement another smart contract system utilizing webassembly, also known wasm. wasm emerging web standard for low level in-browser client side scripting. wasm typically developed via c++ and compiled wasm. the system plans support compatible implementations ethereum and eos style smart contracts. virtual machines will implemented modular fashion draft for open community review and subject change that applications can choose enable preferred style smart contracts. more competing smart contract systems are developed the industry, they would also evaluated and considered. project timeline the same time, the system preparing for its entrance into the capital markets through ipo nasdaq exchange. draft for open community review and subject change token system token economy the native digital cryptographically-secured utility token token) transferable representation attributed functions specified the protocol/code designed play major role the functioning the ecosystem and intended used solely the primary token the platform. the contributions the token sale will held the distributor (or its affiliate) after the token sale, and contributors will have economic legal right over beneficial interest these contributions the assets that entity after the token sale. the extent secondary market exchange for trading token does develop, would run and operated wholly independently the foundation, the distributor, the sale token and neither the foundation nor the distributor will create such secondary markets nor will either entity act exchange for token. total number tokens billion tokens draft for open community review and subject change air drop: management team: released over years marketing and listing exchanges: supernodes: supernodes will receive token incentives based total amount yearly. annual token incentives are estimated higher than token required virtual crypto "fuel" for using certain designed functions providing the economic incentives which will consumed encourage participants contribute and maintain the ecosystem computational resources are required for validation/verification additional blocks the blockchain, thus providers these resources (i.e. nodes supernodes) would require payment for the consumption these resources (i.e. "mining" maintain network integrity, and token will used the unit exchange quantify and pay the costs the consumed computational resources. token integral and indispensable part because without token, there would incentive for users expend resources participate activities provide services for the benefit the entire ecosystem users and/or holders token which did not actively participate will not receive any token incentives. draft for open community review and subject change token consumption solution token non-refundable functional utility token which will used the unit exchange for products/services between participants within the ecosystem. the goal introducing token provide convenient and secure mode payment and settlement between participants who interact within the ecosystem the token may used within the ecosystem the platform currency pay for various transactions such account opening fees, interest payments, management fees, etc. the process creation new digital assets through the usage smart contracts supported the system would consume token "gas" fees, thereby allowing for continuous application and consumption the token. the system will donate its total profits from the token into the public welfare fund for charity. through secondary smart contracts the technology venture fund will use the token the platform currency create new sto type fund raising and investment which will turn have large amounts token vested multiple projects. particular, highlighted that token: (a) non-refundable and cannot exchanged for cash (or its equivalent value any other virtual currency) any payment obligation the foundation, the distributor any affiliate; (b) does not represent confer the token holder any right any form with respect the foundation, the distributor (or any its affiliates), its revenues assets, including without limitation any right receive future dividends, revenue, shares, ownership right stake, share security, any voting, distribution, redemption, liquidation, proprietary (including all forms intellectual property licence draft for open community review and subject change (c) (d) (e) (f) rights), other financial legal rights equivalent rights, intellectual property rights any other form participation relating the foundation, the distributor and/or their service providers; not intended represent any rights under contract for differences under any other contract the purpose pretended purpose which secure profit avoid loss; not intended representation money (including electronic money), security, commodity, bond, debt instrument any other kind financial instrument investment; not loan the foundation, the distributor any its affiliates, not intended represent debt owed the foundation, the distributor any its affiliates, and there expectation profit; and does not provide the token holder with any ownership other interest the foundation, the distributor any its affiliates. development team enrique zueco: ceo founder and ceo the award-winner zytech group (goinggreen alwayson and davis university other notable winner was elon musk's spacex). zytech has its global spain, r&d department the us, subsidiaries worldwide and sells its products fortune companies the fields blockchain, electric vehicles, and renewable energy. highlighted "entrepreneurs and innovators" tve. former managing director the german-owned and china market leader spitzer automation. enrique has m.sc. engineering mba svet sedov: technical senior advisor svet angel investor and serial entrepreneur, who lives and works the silicon valley, ca, usa. started his career the academy science mathematician and then was hired arthur andersen and andersen consulting ("accenture") information system analyst. today has projects under his belt including the largest online retailers and the stock exchange. also owns and runs "firstinternational.in" the five-years-old incubator for blockchain companies (palo alto, ca). svet also graduate the maryland school business. draft for open community review and subject change jose zamorano: coo jose has more than years experience international marketing, brand management and outreach for top fortune company. afterward, moved san francisco where his passion for tech has led him the front line for blockchain technology silicon valley. jose has bachelor's degree business administration and management from ucsf. san francisco, california. disclaimer disclaimer the issuance any token and the purchase the token are based their own perception the blockchain platform. this document used convey the purpose the information and does not constitute opinion regarding the sale and purchase the token. this white paper working document that needs reviewed and updated. once participants participate, they understand and accept the risks the project and are willing personally bear all the consequences. expressly disclaims any direct indirect losses caused participation the certificate, including: economic loss due user transaction operations, such loss personal private key; any error, negligence inaccurate information resulting from personal understanding; loss caused personal transactions various blockchain digital assets and any resulting behavior; refuses bear the responsibility the following user violations; any purchase the token violates the anti-money laundering laws, counterterrorism financing other regulatory requirements the country which purchased; the token classified considered any government, government agency, competent authority public agency currency, securities, commercial paper, negotiable instrument, investment other thing that subject prohibition, regulation legal restrictions; refuses assume responsibility for the change the issuance plan due uncontrollable reasons; the plan for the issuance the token was abandoned due uncontrollable reasons; due the delay delay the development the platform, the release plan changes; the platform does not implement certain features does not meet certain specific uses; draft for open community review and subject change participants are responsible for determining whether they meet the legal requirements the country which they are located and confirm that they are solely responsible for the risks involved. references [back enabling blockchain innovations with pegged sidechains, https://blockstream.com/sidechains.pdf [buterin ethereum: next-generation smart contract and decentralized application platform, http://www.the-blockchain.com/docs/ethereumwhitepapera_ nextgenerationsmartcontractanddecentralizedapplication_platform-vitalik- buterin.pdf [king ppcoin: peer-to-peer crypto-currency with proof-of-stake, https://peercoin.net/assets/paper/peercoin-paper.pdf [king primecoin: cryptocurrency with prime number proof-of-work, generals problem, http://primecoin.io/bin/primecoin-paper.pdf [lamport the byzantine http://lamport.azurewebsites.net/pubs/byz.pdf [nakamoto bitcoin: peer-to-peer electronic cash system, https://bitcoin.org/bitcoin.pdf [poon plasma: scalable autonomous smart contracts, https://plasma.io/plasma.pdf [silver mastering the game with deep neural networks and tree search, https://storage.googleapis.com/deepmind-media/alphago/ alphagonaturepaper.pdf [szabo smart contracts: building blocks for digital markets, http://www.fon.hum.uva.nl/rob/courses/informationinspeech/cdrom/ literature/lotwint ersc hool/szabo.best.vwh.net/smartcontracts.html [king systems: blockchain database and apps platform https://v.systems/pdf/vsyswhitepaper.pdf [king systems: evolution energy-free consensus: from pos spos https://v.systems/pdf/sposwhitepaper.pdf draft for open community review and subject change [murray rothbard the case for genuine gold dollar https://mises.org/library/ case-genuine-gold-dollar [king disclosure stake generation vulnerability https://bitcointalk.org/index. php?topic=. [king peercoin release announcement https://bitcointalk.org/index.php? topic=. [elinor ostrom al. revisiting the commons: local lessons, global challenges http:// dusk.geo.orst.edu/prosem/ostrom_etal.pdf [jutarul peercoin offline coinstake creation, https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic= [king proposal for peercoin online stake safety, https://bitcointalk.org/index. php?topic=. [sigmike cold storage minting proposal https://talk.peercoin.net/t/ cold-storage-minting-proposal/