blockchain service for white paper v... instant private certification platform based the public network blockchain "independence from the database" white paper (patent application) definition terminology for clear explanation and understanding the "baasid" project, this white paper will place priority using descriptions that use both correlating words and unfamiliar words. terminology content baas "blockchain service" concept that means enabling many unspecified internet suppliers easily borrow blockchain based technology and infrastructure. (example) saas software service "baasid" one baas project, this project means various login, personal identification, and other certification services developed public network. baas id(identification) bas "baasid" refers the unit cryptocurrency all internet service providers and users (participants) provide, use exchange with one another that originates through the service. copn the abbreviation for certification public network, which public network infrastructure where internet service provider's database third party certification authority, user device all have centralized database, through the voluntary participation nodes (participants) non-storage public network, important personal information split into other fragments and divided among each other before splitting, distributing and saving. split these are the smallest units encrypted data that are split, distributed and stored ways different from each other the fastest, most optimized nodes for the user after personal information wide variety formats (text, images) encrypted, and split into thousands small fragments using split engine. split block this the smallest block unit that composed one participant group where split ids that are split and divided ways different from each other the fastest, most optimized nodes (unspecified partcipants) for the user. instant access this means one-time instant access privilege where split ids are called, which were saved ways different from each other unspecified number providers within the split block one belongs to, quickly and safety proceed with login, instant membership, and payment authentication. hyper confirm through safe and easy verification via instant access, login, instant membership, payments, and wire transfers can performed through the certification public network (copn) without any intervention provider database, third party certification authority payment gateway (pg). index background "baasid" what "baasid" decentralization why "baasid" split distribution engine split combination engine descrambling and verification stage one pass: all-in-in sophisticated verification baas certification api service "db governance" baasid participants page page page page page page page pgae page introduction limitations and problems with blockchain borrowing the baas based participants split distribute data verification that user-centered based the certification certification public network (copn) split block and crypto exchange block proof integrity for split distribute data page page page page page page baas (blockchain service) "baas union" the benefit user and osp using "baasid" page page "baasid" component instant access api "baas" user database poa(proof access) poh(proof holding) transaction validator baas (blockchain service) specifications page page page page page page index vision "baasid" standard baas internet service market big data service "bigbaas" use and circulation bas token page page page page team partners global board members develop marketing advisor global business partners roadmap page page page page page bas token issuance token sales (st pre-sale) pre-sale ico sales use the raised funds official channel "baasid" public trading bas tokens ongoing optimization legal announcement page page page page page page page page page decentralization" background "baasid" what "baasid"? this white paper, baas the abbreviation for blockchain service, which concept where blockchain infrastructure borrowed partially, its entirety, for the development internet services related exisiting web services, app services, and blockchain services (cryptocurrency exchanges, etc.). this baas infrastructure, "baasid" will offer certificate services the internet service provider from unspecified number from based split and divided powerful, yet safe database that based public network. also, intended replace third party certification authority, payment gateway (pg) with shortened procedure that safer and more convenient. all the unspecified osp providers the internet have partially borrowed existing sass, iaas, paas asp services use according their business goals. the new world the blockchain, via the concept baas, diverse software and technology will borrowed from the necessary parts the blockchain infra api, database, going one step further, the mobilization node members (users participants), network resources, and other diverse forms blockchain infrastructure that are experiencing explosive growth. government third parties payment gateway online banking connected online shopping mall crypto currency exchange ["baasid" blockchain service for identification] "baasid" was designed help process the various phases verification, offering all internet service providers and all users more convenient and safer way login, and this could act enabler for more lively communication between the providers and user. background "baasid" decentralization? the most central goal blockchain from technological standpoint lies the technology that offers tight security and perpetuality for participants' property using public ledger block any forgery falsifications hackers. all internet services, various forms personal information saved and used the database servers many online service providers (osp), third party certification authorities, and user devices. based this, many important activities take place over the internet, uninterrupted such login, various verifications, shopping, and financial payments among others. even blockchain services that are oriented towards decentralization, this shows the limits that already exist other types centralization. blockchain side decentralization service side centralization security system government third parties server bank original certificate identification certificate user log-in certification [general internet service (including block chain service) environment] decentralization! the "baasid," via "one-time instant access" that utilizes certification public network, participants and providers alike can attain quicker verification with tighter security and greater ease. particular, sensitive personal information including, name, phone number, email address, id, password, credit car numbers, biometric information, etc. split, after which split into data fragments unique the hundreds and thousands nodes, which are then distributed and saved different from one another, enabling verification, login and other functions peformed the absense source such personal information. crypto exchange split block stock market split block-a split block-b shopping split block-k banking contents user [split block] members split block-s split block crypto exchange split id(data) blockchain side decentralization split block split block-h shopping [copn certification public network] here, this means that individual temporarily makes oneself centralized, then summons, descrambles and combines the split that was encrypted thousands times from the certification public network the "baasid" via "biometrics verification key," after which the information instantly discarded the instant the "one-time instant access" complete. the "baasid one-time instant verification" method where internet service provider develops and maintains another centralized database, undergoes "third party certification authority" the absense source compare, based the certification public network "baasid," unspecified number participants are verified. this the total opposite method that has been employed far the internet which was composed individual certification structure for everyone. yet, the goal "baasid" create link between blockchain and non-blockchain methods, perform verification the absense source, and achieve complete decentralization through public network consisting entirely participants (users nodes) without the necessity authenticated certificate from third party certification authority. why "baasid"? the philosophy behind the blockchain dreams world that free from the centralization existing vested interests such governments, banks, institutions, corporations (various forms political, economical, social and cultural powers and for-profit non-profit powers concerned groups) from where asset trading and credibility maintained means public ledger for individuals create proactive opportunites for themselves amongst wide range parties concerned. the direction the era taking greatly demands transcending the distrust that arises when centralized power group, that takes many forms, supplants the public sphere, and replacing this with massive network consisting individuals directly taking part. blockchain significant that protects the various forms individual property (money, real estate, intellectual property, and all other types property) through decentralization, with the same information promised the public organizations corporations that are susceptible hacking, loss and falsification, enabling individuals enjoy higher quality life and obtain better value. however, with such blockchain technology and use, other types centralization continue come into being and there are doubts and limitations how they stand the threat hacking. and this situation spawning slew diverse companies and services. the most prominent case centralizing, saving and maintaining information various internet service users based the blockchain. already, there were many cases where databases (db) with personal information stored, other centralized databases were hacked. and event today little can done ease the anxiety surrounding such cases. the blockchain technology itself nearly completely guarantees permanence and security against forgery falsification, but the various services that are linked this are already showing many limitations. despite these limitations, virtual currency exchanges that use blockchain technology and the various free and charged services attempts collect and hack important and sensitive personal information still source anxiety for participants, users, and service providers. even among services that are not based the blockchain, when comes various internet based services, regardless blockchain technology being applied not for: login information (id pw), new registration for services (entering personal information), virtual currency wallet (development through personal information registration) shopping payments (registration and exposure credit card numbers and other sensitive information) corporations institutions face wide range threats and challenges from the severe storage and leakage personal information all stages internet services. and more serious problem that one's personal information can leaked anytime, anywhere, anyhow with the individual unaware about how this information being abused, and even the individual becomes aware, that time too late. split distribution engine split engine text data name birth day e-mail address phone number number etc... data personal information encrypted, then split into thousands small fragments after which split with characteristic value created. this time, the source discarded and simply longer exists anywhere. encryption data split engine image data card privacy image finger printing fido image etc... private key +split distribution engine the encrypted data fragments (split id) that were thoroughly split are then split and distributed the fastest nodes (split block). public key split distribution engine (allocation) split block split block split block split block split block split block split block split block split block ["baasid" certification integrated service] split the personal information participants split into thousands fragments using the split engine and all these fragmented split ids are then encrypted and the split ids that are different from one another are then stored within the split blocks they belong to. this resembles the process the biggest advantage peer peer (pp), taking the values separated data allocation and split and distributed fragments and finding the fastest nodes and data most rationally, then combining them form something that resembles the one source that can downloaded restored. split engine personel information anonymous split anonymous password fragment ... does not exist anywhere anonymous distribute anonymous anonymous split anonymous split distribute split anonymous split anonymous distribute split split anonymous split split source data deleted anonymous split ... split [creation split and splitting distribution] combination engine descrambling and verification stage the split ids the participants maintain each the unique password codes along with the public key, and this unique split data will maintained continuously and safety through the virtual currency wallet "baasid" and through ongoing transactions. and when participants and unspecified number partcipants participate access specific internet service, they will mutually granted one-time instant access which confirms the verification. instant access internet service... start verification need service provider server split call signal split anonymous need third party certification authority anonymous third party certification authority anonymous split anonymous ... split gathering gathering anonymous combining decryption split biometrics verification split anonymous split anonymous split anonymous otp (instant access key) anonymous split anonymous verification complete split split [participation and verification split id] one pass: all-in-in sophisticated verification "baasid" sanctions and confirms all verifications based the consent unspecified number participants. this based participation number blockchains, and values that are more creative and unique from one another give more value. the logic where would seem personal information privacy should respected and protected. even within the blockchain service, the practice saving personal information third party institution's provider's server that persists different from the centralization banks, financial institutions and certain groupsthat preceded the start the block chain. however, the blockchain still has answer that offers any guarantees. "baasid's" baas api enables providers free themselves from the accountability such protections and the management unique important information, and offers various services release providers from the personal information policy, implementation and stages that can prove puzzling. phone sms verification third party certification authority authenticated certificate otp (one time password) biometrics identification e-mail verification credit card information baas certification api service for personal originality and privacy protection "baasid" saves the small fragments unspecified number nodes after random splitting and distributing the characteristic values, and through the exchange bas tokens, and various verifications, ledgers verification, which creates and preserves credibility. this uses verification method known proof access (poa), which active ecosystem that periodically verifies utilization through major activities line including the login and all other aspects internet service the user. the baas based certification public network (copn) api verifies and continually connects based the active and natural activity such users. absense original copy need for tight -tier confirmation public private key double lock instant access case web, app, deletion, key loss, smart device lost quick and easy restore possible personel information protection privacy quick access "db governance" baasid participants "baasid" does not particularly discriminate between blockchain based services and web app based services. the user (participant) needs both services, and this because the users benefit providers various ways. "baasid" participants are clients that are already aggressive and have potential, and they make the database for safe login and verification where they trust one another and verify one another. other words, "baasid" participants can access all websites (application standard "baasid's" api) including those financial institutions, banks, brokerages, and retail with tight security and convenience, quickly and safely. "baasid" has this type potential customer infrastructure and users and also form "verification managed governance." crypto exchange market web portal service payment gate way web/app login sign internet banking online shopping mall personal identification/ digital signing various certificates issued "authorization based public network blockchain" introduction limitations and problems with blockchain was mentioned above, all intenet services store and later use large amount personal information that stored databases. based this, login, information confirmation, payment and all other user requests are verified provider and third party verification authority. this goes for services other than those that apply blockchain technology and includes all agencies, organizations, corporations and all free and charged services. and given, various security systems are developed and operated protect such databases. also, the problem major leaks and hacking has resulted governments several countries enact protecive legislation regarding personal information over the internet, and along with messages condemning the leakage and piracy such personal information, many individuals, and all companies, financial institutions, agencies and organizations that have online presence are requesting more effort devoted this problem. further, the blockchain world that oriented towards decentralization continually becoming more centralized, and with various targets susceptible hacking and new problems that arise results, more ironic limitations are taking shape. blockchain side good for me! service side server user database server private information identification original certificate normal blockchain network blockchain service that shows other limitations centralization borrowing the baas based participants all blockchains save transactions records the same way and offer tight security against forgery falsification. this because the same data, users' sensitive personal information and important information, and verifications keys are held everyone making difficult store any that information. "baasid" takes the most fundamental uniform data storage problems and limitations blockchain, and offers interpretation completely new perspective. when verifying information required for the personal verification "baasid" participant, there source forge because not stored anywhere thus blocking any hacking attempts. other words, with "baasid" the personal information, biometric images and any other information user does not exist any format whatsoever and does not even exist one's device. only saved after being split and distributed (means some the encrypted data fragments are separated from one another and distributed participants) fragments the nodes public participants (users). service side split block-c split block-b split block-a split block-f blockchain side split block-w split block-s "what hacking?" "who user database server private information identification original certificate "baasid" copn(certification public network) [highest form decentralization through blockchain database infrastructure] split distribute data the personal information all participants the copn(certification public network) split into thousands fragments, and the encrypted data fragments are split and saved among hundreds thousands unspecified individuals participating the split. the encrypted, split personal information fragments are called the split id, and the thousands split fragments are then again split and divided into hundreds and thousands split blocks. the capacity, distributing and saving will optimized increase the real-time speed recognition, and the node numbers the split block that were distributed based the safety blockchain against hacking attempts will optimized well. split id(split data private information) split split split block-a split split split into puzzle data split block-b split block-c split block-d split block-e split block .............. distributed node split call exchange shopping instant access original copy don't save any device server contents banking third parties internet service tablet fido(fast identity online)+otp(one time password) smart device [instant access verification] verification that user-centered based the certification public network (copn) when logging internet service, applying for membership, performing other major activities such shopping, wire transfer the movement other financial assets, the split password fragments are saved split block and then temporarily the split (split data) fragments are verified via the instant verification that uses individual's biometrics (fingerprint, iris, voice recognition, etc.) password (option) and one time password (otp) that reminds individual the password and immediately discards the source afterwards. split block split id. split id. split id. split id. split id. encryption split id. split id. distributed data split id. split split id. private data split id. distributed data split data call split id. split id. split id. split id. combination decryption certification instant access instant access instant access web service... banking stock... online shopping mall ....... [temporary centralization based individual] split block and crypto exchange block recognizing the uniqueness each participant, the unique split encrypted data that uniquely different from other data. block participant group where one participant has such split called split block. also, all public ledgers that engage transactions with such participants are stored separately the crypto exchange block. split block split id. split id. split id. source split split id. split id. split id. split id. private data split id. split id. source scrapped split id. cube block split block split id. split id. split ids that consists finely split data, are divided and distributed small scale blocks and each one saved enabling each the nodes (participants) the block obtain data, piece piece. ... ... split block crypto exchange block split block crypto exchange block split block only the ledger virtual currency saved separately small block. exchange block cube block chain split block separately from above are bundled together cube format called cube blockchain. split block crypto exchange block exchange block [split block crypto exchange block] proof integrity for split distribute data block header previous block hash timestamp difficulty target nonce transaction merkle root allocation merkle root ...................... transaction .......................... transaction shared data hash hash dht map personal information (text images fido) shared data hash .......................... split encryption distribution allocation hash distribute according the ratio partial hash storage personal information owner (wallet app) blockchain [structure baasid block] "blockchain service" baas (blockchain service) "baas union" all individuals internet service companies agencies and others participating baasid protect one another, but also free from being responsible for each other. and they look large cooperation and community that reliable and that has reponsibility, and they intend present the standards and goals for the compensation and sharing for each entity. based "baas," this links existing online service providers (osp), blockchain service providers (bsp), and all individuals participating the certification public network (copn) large cooperation trust known the "baas union" which how the mutual trust and balance can persist. accomplish this, "baas union" was designed for all the osps, bsps, and users (participants) taking part the baasid share the mutual benefit through the solidarity each stakeholder's role, responsibility and activity. "baas union" payment gateway osp bsp third parties internet service provider blockchain service provider certificate, etc... hyper confirm baasid instant access split block exchange block osp osp split block baas baasid user(copn) osp exchange block split block [mutual credibility, responsibility, and compensation with the "baas union"] baas (blockchain service) the benefit user and osp using "baasid" benefit.) vast database security system "reduction both development and maintenance costs" the copn api "baasid" provided all internet service providers enabling easy application for all. internet service providers are longer required invest large sums the installation and operation database and security system for relevant proprietary services. log side osp peer split block osp split block split block login management l/l baas baasid user(copn) router firewall peer split block peer web firewall osp security side "dangerous" "complicate" "expensive" monitoring "safety" "easy" "free" web user user [comparison between general internet service systems and the baasid "baas" infrastructure] benefit. "removal the legal risks" regarding personal information leaks there are legal risks involving hacking attempts and exposure all internet service providers that apply the copn (certification public network) "baasid," not receive store personal information separate database. benefit.) the "instant access api" simplifies the process for membership application and the verification stage "baasid" participants (users) gain one-time instant access through[encryption>fragmentation>summon>correlation>descrambling>biometric verification] through temporary centralization through instant verification via fingerprints, iris scans other biometrics enabling participants immediately obtain membership their own, and enable them gain immediate access without any additional verification steps. from service providers standpoint, this prevents many customers from being lost due the procedure for membership application. the irksome development various databases for login and other verification steps, and for other verification all the access steps not necessary. other words, means that the services all providers can quickly and easily used. this equates freeing providers from marketing costs and the various difficulties attracting members apply for membership. optimal method for enhancing the marketing effectiveness internet service suppliers this dramatic simplification and credibility enabler for both procedure for membership application, and the verification steps that actions within the service entail, which could become important strategy for enhancing the service revenue suppliers. the development ia-api(instant access api) based "baasid's" copn(certification public network)is expected completed the first quarter and ready for distribution. osp osp peer split block osp split block split block login management firewall baas baasid user(copn) third parties (certificate) peer security (app) peer split block *osp(ia-api) web firewall web user *osp(iaapi) ia-instant access user [comparison between regular login/verification and instant access] benefit.) quick and easy important verification: "hyper confirm api" all banks, financial institutions, brokerages, retail and other paid content payments require diverse and complex series steps that includes certification procedure from third party certification authority, and link-up with payment gateway (pg). with "baasid," there plan develop and offer hc-api(hyper confirm api) which can more easily and safely resolve current complex and inefficient verification steps that should followed with copn(certification public network) infrastructure. log side osp peer split block peer block split block login management firewall baas baasid user(copn) web firewall peer block osp(ia-api) peer security (app) *osp (pg-api) payment gateway ia-api peer banking third parties (certificate) osp (iaapi) login stock authentication id& otp internet banking stock trading government certification user wallet user user [comparision between regular internet payment verification baasid hyper confirm] "no original copy" "baasid" component instant access api "baasid" easy, quick and safe verification service for logging all internet services (no membership application required) and performing important activities online takes the certification public network and personal information and divides into thousands fragments, after which randomly saves the information participants' nodes, which then encrypted and descrambled temporarily. osp user request baasid copn api authorization request authorization response scan bas token response baasid reward bas token [instant access api diagram] "baas" user database the goal "baasid" create instant access for internet services without storing personal information any source user's personal information any service provider database, with any national verification agency, with any third party verification agency, even any storage device users. original certificate nondb server nonprivate information nonidentification nonoriginal certificate [four things that not exist with baasid] non-existence user database database exists for the internet service provider operate enabling near perfect decentralization. non-existence private information name, phone number, email address, bankbook number, credit card number and other sensitive information divided into small bits divided optimal node groups, distributed and stored, without leaving source personal information. non-existence identification nothing saved anywhere, not personal identification card, other information used verify who one verification information creating situation where one safe from hacking loss. non-existence original certificate certificate source data exists either third party certification authority's server, any user's device (smart phone, pc, tablet pc). this means certificates nor biometrics information not saved anywhere. poa(proof access) poh(proof holding) "baasid" bascally follows the mining policy ethereum, but has another unique verification method. this method poa and poh. proof-of-access proof-of-holding validity block validity block prev. hash nonce transaction -split -access validity -etc ledger ledger prev. hash nonce transaction -storage space -time stamp -etc ledger ledger ledger [poa(proof access) poh(proof holing)] transaction validator the login all "baasid's" block groups (split block, exchange block), the verification and history all internet activity and transaction verification the ledger includes minor and separate participants. pow(pos) pow uses ethereum mining (plans change pos) is, and pays bas tokens form compensation for blocks generated. also, transaction fees are paid separately pow miner. poa(proof access) the online service provider (osp) blockchain service provider (bsp) provides part the fee occurring from the instant access the participant and pays the data storage provider "baasid" (poh miner). poh(proof holding) blocks are generated separately for split (split data) management the interplanetary file system the certification public network (copn), and the compensation when creating new block paid out using bas tokens. also, part the fee occurring from poa paid the poh miner. baas (blockchain service) even without suppliers developing and operating separate centralized database (db) required for login, payment any other verification procedures, "baasid" blockchain can provide high fidelity simple verification using "baasid" blockchain network among users instead. baas takes the split information mine that was stored under anonymous community that focuses individuals, calls and combines it, and uses new form verification that can divide, distribute, save, encrypt and descramble, making completely different from the diverse verification methods and verification systems have seen far. ultimately, baas means one large verification system "baasid" blockchain network linked many individuals. all companies and agencies can free from the authority and accountability that comes with separate centralized database (db) and can offer services and perform verification activities all users via the certification public network based the "baasid" blockchain that has completely credible public ledger with high degree reliability. this way, not save individuals' users' sensitive information the provider's database, but rather enable the possibilities for the services all providers safely and conveniently accessed without the risk leaking personal information using the certification public network, which based the "baasid" blockchain among users. specifications "bas," which "baasid" token, important form the exchange value public network verification infrastructure achieved all participants who take part baasid. the major goals bas are enable network participants compensated for the value their user activities and enable instant access and hyper confirm. token name "baasid" token token symbol bas token type erc token issuing body baasid international lab (s) pte ltd. total supply ,,, bas mining verification method poa pos poa poh "big data platform based baas" vision "baasid" standard baas various services that borrow the use the baas are provided with blockchain services, and connectivity web and app services. connecting this blockchain service and web and app services, and providing the highest level decentralization both users and providers implement safer and more active form service, "baasid" will open the door safe and convenient internet service. this will provide more fundamental solutions the even more sensitive and important activities taking place the internet compared when the internet was first invented. wide range service providers and users participating the certificate public network can create new services and broaden the service offerings through the certificate public network based such safety, convenience and efficiency. internet service market the certificate public network the "baasid" frees service providers from the most sensitive field operation, the database, security system, various payment gateways and all other verifications. this will enable efficiency and autonomy enjoyed the current internet service market the future, each country, organization, and agency will increase the requirements rules and regulations. agencies and financial markets will confirm and verify personal information easier and more conveniently. banks can perform safer more reliable verifications and certification public network for personal wire transfers and transfers. the certificate public network "baasid" the insurance market can provide convenient personal verification, and offer the safer sharing personal information such medical history with hospitals and other organization, and inter-operabilit can achieved among various systems for various transactions with external agencies. the market for online shopping malls can secure higher profits and more users through the access users and convenient purchase procedures. further, this can widely applied schools, hospitals, healthcare facilities and other diverse markets will require the personal certificate public network "baasid". big data service "bigbaas" online service providers (osp) perform various login, payment, and finance verifications service receiving user verification from "baasid." then, because there held in-house, osps are unable perform other services requiring such various independent promotions events. therefore, there plan for "bigbaas," which developed and operated based "baas," provide internet service providers with the various activity data gathered from the instant access users (participants) and even provide email and various alert services users (participants) that accessed the relevant internet service even once. the baas user (node device) will safely ensure the anonymity and personal privacy the websites accessed, what was viewed, how long the user remained that site, what was purchased, and what activity was engaged while enabling such information recorded and effective and clear target marketing can performed based this information. "baas utms"(baas user target marketing service)" big data service with such power security features, and will help accelerate the spread "baasid." ["bigbaas" baas user target marketing service] big data service "bigbaas" "big baas" osp osp "big baas" analysis [big data analysis mining] pos(point sale) cis(computer integrated manufacturing) oltp(online transaction process) "big baas" hdfs [hadoop distributed file system] block. block. block. block. targeting smart marketing service block.n data crawling engine iot data fintech "baas" user split infra (decentralized db) osp osp split block split block split block split block osp ["bigbaas" hdfs analysis system] use and circulation bas token poa poh compensation system and bas token demand supply osp (online service provider) and bsp (blockchain service provider) shall pay baasid bas token for users and miners (poa poh). because, they are saving the cost from database construction operation and security system construction operation cost through use from baasid infra. addition, for the use bigbaas, osp/bsp must pay the bas token for costs. also, baasid will positioning pg(payment gateway) for online payment market. this means that the bas token continuous and essential demand, and the osp/bsp need continuously purchase certain amount the token hold the extra amount purchase the necessary amount the token, thereby increasing the token purchase ratio osp /bsp buy bas payment exchange market benefit baasid bigbaas poa exchange market poh benefit payment online payment market (pg) buy bas [use and circulation bas token] "we create what need" team partners global board members the "baasid" project global project implemented experts blockchain technology, networks, finance and infrastructure. niiyama takeshi (japan/usa) security expert more than years ph.d technology and innovative management (tim) from doshisha university m.s.e information security from carnegie mellon university assistant ciso nippon telegraph and telephone (ntt) business analyst and product manager intel security (mcafee) the first japanese vip guest speaker cyber security romania sibiu the smartphone application privacy policy dissemination and verification omotion task force member (ministry internal affairs and communications was observer) otaka jun (japan) chairman pro group charge network design ntt hitachi nuclear power, mitsubishi nuclear power, toshiba nuclear power plant design development d-cad system for tokyo gas application drawing vincent tai (singapore/eu) director, srv trading pte. ltd. derivatives trading director, china evernice investment pte. ltd. director, derivatives trading, dbs vickers securities pte. ltd. assistant vice president, abn amro futures (singapore) pte. ltd. assistant vice president, refco (singapore) pte. ltd. co-founder, kyck! member singapore institute directors james huang (china/asia) ceo leadhope inc. ceo taiwan index inc. (twse) at&t(usa) technical assistant center manager, at&t(chengdu) technical manager taiwan mobile company senior director project department chonghong cable company chief engineer japan gonzo rosso board director ceo global business global board members the "baasid" project global project implemented experts blockchain technology, networks, finance and infrastructure. atsushi inoue (usa) phd computer science and engineering, university cincinnati (usa) professor information technologies and business analytics, eastern washington university (usa) professor information assurance, carnegie mellon university (usa) senior research scientist, laboratory for international fuzzy engineering (japan) research scientist, hitachi ltd. (japan) joshua c.s. (china/asia) msee, independent director, redwood group ltd. (taipei exchange) independent director, shinkong life insurance, (twse) ronald chen (china/asia) mba, director t-star telecomm corp. supervisor the board, csun manufacturing ltd. independent director advancision corp.,cayman kim jongbeom (korea/asia) mba from yonsei univ. korea ceo jnds vice president(cfo) ocon(animation company) director venturelife(investor, pef) director internetiz(venture start-up incubator) and public business planning for lg-cns(system integrator) global board members the "baasid" project global project implemented experts blockchain technology, networks, finance and infrastructure. adam geri (australia/eu) vice president hcash foundation founding member the hcash foun dation. specialist business management and business development gaining collaborations between governments looking forward the future! the world about become much etter place, finding real solutions for real world issues due the developmen blockchain technologies, the most disruptive technology that has been our life time" andrew wasylewicz (australia/eu) business development manager hcash business development manager hcash. masters applied science and has background strategic roles within the insurance and superannuation industries. understands the ongoing challenges these companies face with storing and mana ging customers identification. excited about the real world plication blockchain technology has offer and sees the enormous advantage baasid has. leroy zen lau (singapore/eu) director, dmg partners securities pte ltd. director, rhb securities singapore pte ltd. capital raising experience for listed companies and bringing companies ipo senior dealing director. nicholas s.l. (singapore/eu) chairman, leadhope philippines inc ceo, neosonics network director, biowave korea global business development global board members the "baasid" project global project implemented experts blockchain technology, networks, finance and infrastructure. jin (usa) cto/co-founder cyflyer inc. usa general manager imua management usa director metro pacific inc. general manager taeryoung development university manoa, computer science moon inshic (korea/asia) director pro japan vice president aimhigh global (kosdaq) kbipa(korea blockchain industry promotion association) chairman international cooperation committee coo entcash advisor aston ceo korea network technology (idc) director bugs music (kosdaq) online game producer playwith(ynk korea) (kosdaq) may kim (korea/asia) ceo certon co.,ltd chairman bod, dear lab., ltd director kbipa (korea blockchain industry promotion association) ceo aston project joseph hung (asia) ceo, interserv international inc. (tse chairman and ceo, game storm co. ltd. and telecom, gold sky digital co. ltd. strategic development, clarent telecom director it, pacific broadband co. ltd. established global telecommunication data hub. develop marketing will our utmost for the proactive development and global marketing for "baasid." takashi kosuga (japan) director pro (app producer) operating officer imagica group web service producer ccc group virtual reality system planner jfe group space development engineer toshiba group takafumi osada (japan) manager business partners, inc japan country manager dno-group sales director billing system corporation (tokyo stock exchange, mothers) kang jihoon (korea/asia) ericsson digital service consultant ericsson dcs(data integrity assurance service) iot cloud feature service softbank commerce korea cloud consultant bdm citrix data domain consultant jang misun (japan/korea) head blockchain business team, pro mbc c&i (content infrastructure) special producer contents busi ness team production ewha womans university graduate school policy science master's degree chugye university arts graduate school culture and art adminis tration phd progress advisor the "baasid" project committed towards verifications the brightest experts around the world, representing various industries. k.s. (asia) chairman leadtek research inc.(twse) awarded national outstanding smes the president chinese taipei football association the executive committee east asian football federation the marke ting committee asian football confederation kumakiri yasutomo (japan) vice president(coo) creators guild.co,ltd(impress group) ceo creators guild.co,ltd(nippon group) director electronic publication director web planning production manager advertising dep(international telecommunications company) harrison moon (usa) ph.d mba from yonsei univ. korea bachelor architecture from s.n.u. (seoul national univ.) korea president pharos asset co., ltd. fund manager consus asset management company. vice president richard ellis strategic planning team for samsung c&t (kospi) cmc,mss, korea cpm irem, usa tetsuya saito (japan) ph.d. state university new york buffalo usa associate professor college economics, nihon university master economics(kobe university) bachelor business administration(kwansei gakuin university) advisor the "baasid" project committed towards verifications the brightest experts around the world, representing various industries. jhun, hajin(korea/asia) chairman the kba self-regulatory committee (korea blockchain association) ceo siti plan, inc. chairman s-life forum phd. real estate studies member the national assembly (korea) former chairperson digital party sunnuri party former ceo hancom(kosdaq) former vice president venture business association global business partners now introducing the vision the "baasid" project and the global partners are aligned with. will release the name companies when the ico ends. hidden partners japan "company-a" crypto currencies exchange "company-b" media publisher group "company-c" security company "company-d" development modify group "university-e" lab research center hidden partners china "company-a" crypto currencies exchange "company-b" investment company "company-c" entertainment company "company-d" mobile game company "university-e" lab research center hidden partners korea "company-a" crypto currencies exchange "company-b" blockchain development company "company-c" security company "company-d" development modify "university-e" lab research center hidden partners taiwan "company-a" crypto currencies exchange "company-b" payment gate way company "company-c" bank insurance company "company-d" hardware company "university-e" lab research center hidden partners singapore etc "company-a" investment company "company-b" global marketing company "company-c" security company "company-d" telecom company "university-e" lab research center "the beginning new standard" roadmap category content schedule ico pre-sale ico pow verification and validation bas listing commencement official listing cryptocurrency exchange encryption (decryption) encryption and decryption personal information split engine (split id) fragment distribution engine for encrypted personal information distribute engine (allocation) distribution engine the encrypted split combination engine (fido api) combination engine the encrypted split poa poh verification and validation (mainnet) instant access engine (otp) otp for one-time instant access instant access api (for provider) ia-api provided the internet provider (instant access api) hyper confirm api verification api that replaces the providers, third party certification authority and payment gateway (pg) and offers verification for participants and providers bigbaas baas user target marketing service (big data service) bas token issuance with "baasid," plans are underway issue total billion bas tokens. bas token share bas share total supply ,,, pre-sale (private) pre-sale ico ,,, team(advisor) ,,, business cooperation ,,, founder ,,, mining reserve ,,, the founder and team are not allowed sell bas tokens for year. token sales pre-sale(private only) complete(baasid partners only) pre-sale the discounted rate for the pre-sale subject change according the data and time. pre-sale total sale ,,, bas all) pre-sale bas price eth bas bonus max min hard cap eth(included event eth) soft cap eth pre-sale period days pre-sale partner event bonus (hour) bas bas march utc march utc pre-sale first day march utc pre-sale last day march utc bonus days) bas bas bonus days) bas bas bonus days) bas bas bonus days) bas bas personal limitation (minimum) personal limitation (maximum) march utc march utc march utc march utc march utc march utc march utc march utc eth unlimited sales will halted once the maximum target volume eth bas has been reached. the pre-sale planned issued %~% bonus price. for example, purchasers the pre-sale can receive bas bonus bas) per eth. ico sales seperate discount rate not applied the ico schedule period. ico total sale ,,, bas all) ico ,,, bas price eth bas bonus max hard cap eth soft cap eth ico period days ico first day april utc ico last day april utc bonus days) bas bas april utc april utc bonus days) bas bas april utc april utc bonus days) bas april utc april utc personal limitation (minimum) eth personal limitation (maximum) unlimited sales will halted once the maximum target volume eth ,,, bas has been reached. the ico planned issued %~% bonus price. for example, purchasers the ico can receive bas bonus bas) per eth. use the raised funds funds raised ico for "baasid" will used the following ways: pre-sale marketing reserve operating legal consulting pre-sale ico "baasid" core development operation expense marketing promotion strategy partners biz development reserve official channel "baasid" "baasid" only uses http://baasid.com http://baasid.io for communications, and all other channels are not directly related "baasid." when using channels other than the official channels, one should wary "fund-raising businesses without permission." all content regarding information how sell tokens wll posted the homepage, and during the ico and presale, "baasid" will not separately operate another email, sms, phone number other homepage that does not carry the ethereum trademark. public trading bas tokens within days that the ico completed for bas tokens, they planned released stages for sale publicly various exchanges throughout the world. will our best ensure transactions with high level completion and liquidity, and will strive for the quickest public sale possible. ongoing optimization "baasid" will closely observe the schedule the planned roadmap that was laid out. legal announcement the purpose this white paper have internet service providers use the "baasid" project base their database other centralized, saved otherwise existing user information list blockchain the public network blockchain which temporarily centralizes personal information its own then uses instant verification provide all potential internet service providers with the login and membership application procedure for users, verifications for payments for retail purchases, internet banking verifications, and important activities for all other internet services based the safe and quick verification service based the baas infrastructure. the information provided this document not complete and does not constitute contractual obligation. also, the purpose this white paper provide potential token holders will important detailed information, offer understanding and share the vision projects offered the company, and offer help making decision for the initial provision bas tokens. this white paper not misread type allotment, prospectus. bas tokens are not limited the jurisdiction any one country, nor are sold type security. bas tokens can purchased people and/or corporations from around the world, and according the law, those deemed not have the legal eligibility competence make purchase will not entitled participate the ico make purchase. even person entitled, that person's country residence, eligibility for taking part ico, eligibility purchase bas tokens are not clear, please inquire with finance consultant, tax consultant other consultant. this document was drafted irregardless the jurisdiction the law regulatory actions for protecting investors and will not regulate investors. the statements, calculations, and balance sheets this white paper are for illustrative purposes only. this based known and unknown risk factors and uncertainties. that why the estimations can directly indirectly different from the results actual circumstances. the participation our company's ico voluntary bass. the ico central and voluntary crowd funding donation campaign. partipants wishing take part must consent the crowd funding donation campaign terms and conditions. prior taking part the ico, please read the following carefully and confirm that you were explained and understand the risk involved. also, accepting the conditions participate the crowd funding donation campaign, the assurances and guarantees provided you are precondition for taking part the ico and our company verifies that this information true and accurate. participation the purchase icos and bas tokens will not possible case the above assurances statements cannot provided.