babb (bank account based blockchain) whitepaper summary last updated: december contact: general enquiries: contact@getbabb.com community: https://getbabb.com/telegram/ table contents babb (bank account based blockchain) introduction problem product beautiful smartphone app true peer-to-peer financial services real uk-based bank account secure payment card blockchain biometrics artificial intelligence technology growing the network central bank digital currencies token sale data privacy bax token token economy introduction there very strong case made for fully decentralised banking system. the next four pages, will make this case. will highlight the weaknesses the current banking system and outline our solution. will demonstrate how this solution can improve individual well being, support businesses and improve the financial resilience communities, countries and the global economy whole. will also make the business case for babb, summarising the business model and the market opportunity. finally, will include the key details our token sale. problem there are seven billion people the world, and more than two billion them are 'unbanked'. this means they don't have access basic financial services. being 'unbanked' leaves people reliant cash, making hard save money, take out loan safely, send money across any kind distance. increasingly connected world, the population disconnected from the economy. the current banking system isn't working for these two billion people. anyone who doesn't have access bank account financial services being held back. initiative mexico 'bank the unbanked' found that opening bank accounts for low-income customers led increase the number usiness owners, increase employment and increase average income. broader level, financial exclusion responsible for the perpetuation poverty, poor living standards, exclusion from education and poor health. the current banking system isn't working for the 'banked' either; the other five billion people the world. accenture has recently reported that 'banking the unbanked' represents billion market opportunity. and yet, the gatekeepers the system (the banks) have done very little tap into this opportunity. why? because they can't. it's expensive get new users onboard. the majority the 'unbanked' are small players individuals, solopreneurs and small businesses. the revenue they would generate lower than the cost serve them. therefore simply isn't profitable, even viable, for traditional banks serve these two billion people. other words, even though the unbanked people this world represent billion market opportunity, the centralised banking system can't much unlock it. solution babb acronym for bank account based blockchain. want use blockchain technology offer bank account anyone the world, with built-in access crowdsourced financial services. possible significantly cut the cost banking and financial services offer game-changing service and bring two billion people into the global economy. think this will good for everyone. the benefits decentralised model banking don't stop financial inclusion. can end high prices due stagnant competition and data leaks due poor security. can also make the global economy less susceptible shocks such the financial crisis decentralising the decision making. banks are weak and vulnerable, compared the distributed strength and security decentralised banking platform, which each user essentially their own bank product beautiful smartphone app the last few decades, emerging markets have gone straight mobile data networks, leapfrogging landlines. now, we'll take the unbanked straight streamlined mobile banking experience. real uk-based bank account babb account will take seconds set via the babb smartphone app, using selfie and passphrase. addition the usual cryptographic address, babb accounts are issued iban for international payments, well account number and sort code for transactions. babb already authorised payment institution regulated the fca, and applying for banking licence. can still operate even without the banking licence; authorised payment institution are able everything except for treasury operations. true peer-to-peer financial services babb bank account will portal connected world crowdsourced financial services. babb account holders are nodes peer-to-peer network managed smart contracts, connecting people with money people with ideas. secure payment card the black card will payment card linked the babb app using nfc tag code with data stored the card itself. account holders will able pick blank card for free online any shop, and spend with any retailer who also has babb account. with the black card, will create new universal payment system, independent visa and mastercard. retailers with babb account will able accept black card payments without needing buy card machine pay high processing fees. they can also access the funds immediately, cutting out the current week-long lag time and increasing the speed doing business. technology blockchain blockchain makes possible run decentralised peer-to-peer platform, enabling users transact without intermediary and benefit from faster and cheaper transactions. smart contracts create tamper-resistant transactions for greater security. biometrics biometrics, including voice print, face scan and geolocation, make possible create secure digital identities for all account holders. this enables everyone even those without address documents open bank account, and retain ownership their digital identity data. artificial intelligence will used for 'dynamic kyc', enabling build ever-evolving profile babb users and spot fraudulent uncreditworthy behaviour. trust crucial element peer-to-peer network, and pivotal ensuring everyone the network trustworthy. growing the network the babb platform utilises the network effect: the value the service increases according the number others using it. babb account must provide access high level offering crowdsourced financial services almost immediately, which requires rapid initial growth the network. our key growth mechanism the 'social kyc' proposition. social kyc enables babb advocate fully verified member the network recommend other people for account. intend work closely with ambassadors the ground order create fully banked communities. will also work with employers, who can use babb for payroll. people can receive their salary directly into their babb account, removing the need cash into the platform. data privacy babb will employ privacy design, implementing gdpr regulations into our operations. the babb platform the account holders have full ownership and control over their own data. there will different tiers data protection, implemented through various means storage and encryption. these will optimised ensure privacy default and presented clear and obvious ui. central bank digital currencies babb will work directly with central banks issue their own digital currencies, working around existing local and international fiscal and monetary policy. believe that central bank-issued digital currencies (cbdcs) will play key role over the next decade, with many central banks having already announced plans this effect. cbdcs can help stimulate local economies retaining wealth within defined boundary and supporting local payment networks. babb will work with central banks manage existing and issue new cbdcs. they can leverage our technology host and operate portion the federated network. this sub-network remains integrated part the global platform, allowing citizens transact locally and globally. central banks can also collect data from the platform provide the insight needed manage the system efficiently. bax token bax will implemented the public ethereum blockchain erc token. bax utility token which will used under the hood the babb platform, powering the network across all jurisdictions. all service fees and licensing the platform will collected bax, meaning any individual business must hold bax order use babb account. universal currency, bax will also have many use cases the platform, including: ensuring liquidity currency exchange, facilitating cross-border fundraising, and international payments. token sale babb will raise funds through bax token sale. the funds raised will used develop the app and the platform, apply for banking licence, and operate the infrastructure. babb will issue billion tokens, billion which (%) will available for public sale, over two phases: the first with the second once the platform live and the token use. any unsold tokens each these phases will burned. token economy aim create long-term appreciation the token value, through the fundamental utility the bax token, and our approach reserve management. during the first five years, out all tokens babb receives revenue, are burned, until the amount circulation reaches the issued tokens. the rest are re-introduced into circulation over the course five years.