disclaimer this whitepaper (the "whitepaper") intended explain new community platform called "banca," wherein products and services (collectively, "banca products and services") offered members within the banca community may acquired exclusively banca-issued tokens ("banca tokens"). banca shall operated bancatech foundation limited, singaporean public company limited guarantee (the "company" "we"). the term "company" shall construed include any officer, director, employee, agent, affiliate owner the company. banca tokens are utility tokens intended used for the acquisition banca products and services intended for consumption. acquiring, holding and/or using banca tokens does not constitute ownership interest the company, nor should any banca token acquirer holder expect profit from holding and/or purchasing and selling banca tokens receive dividend similar return from the company's operation banca. banca tokens should not construed derivative any kind. banca tokens are solely used for the acquisition banca products and services, and for other purpose. banca tokens not grant any individual the right vote participate the control the company; however, banca token holders are free acquire whatever banca services and products are offered their absolute and sole discretion. banca the company not bank investment bank the conventional sense and hence does not fall under the banking regulations. this whitepaper does not constitute offer buy securities solicitation for investment securities any jurisdiction, whether the united states elsewhere, nor does constiute contract any kind. acquiring banca tokens, you expressly agree and acknowledge that you are not located jurisdiction where digital currencies (a/k/a "cryptocurrencies") are partially completely restricted. the company does not take responsibility for any banca tokens sold third parties through third-party intermediaries. the information provided herein has not been reviewed any regulatory authority. publishing and distributing this whitepaper shall not construed this whitepaper having complied with the laws, regulatory requirements, rules and/or regulations your jurisdiction. any venture, there always inherent risk associated with operating business. therefore, banca does not make and expressly disclaims all representations and warranties, express, implied, statutory otherwise, whatsoever, including, but not limited to: (i) warranties merchantability, fitness for particular purpose, suitability, usage, title noninfringement; (ii) that the contents this whitepaper are free from error; and (iii) that such contents will not infringe upon thirdparty rights. event will the company liable any person entity for the use of, reference to, reliance upon this whitepaper, including, without limitation, any damages, losses, liabilities, costs expenses any kind, whether direct indirect, consequential, compensatory, incidental, actual, exemplary, punitive special loss business revenues, profits, data, use, goodwill any other type intangible loss. receiving and accessing the information contained herein and/or information referenced herein, you expressly agree, acknowledge, guarantee and/or represent the company the following: you are not intending acquire banca tokens primarily with the expectation profit from holding and/or reselling banca tokens; instead, you expressly agree and acknowledge you are acquiring banca tokens for purposes banca products and services. you also exressly agree and acknowledge you will not construe banca tokens any the following instruments group instruments: any form currency; debt securities, stocks, shares issued any person organization; rights, options, derivatives relation such debt obligations, shares, stocks; rights under contract for differences for any other contract for which the purpose feigned purpose gain profit avoid loss; units scheme collective investment; units business trust; derivative units business; any other security class securities; you have basic understanding the operation, functionality, use, storage, transfer mechanisms and other material features cryptocurrencies, software systems based blockchain technology, wallets for cryptocurrencies other related tokens storage mechanisms, and basic understanding blockchain technology smart contracts whole; and you understand that all written oral claims and/or statements made this banca whitepaper, press releases any place available the public are not conclusively established facts; instead, they represent so-called "forward-looking statements." some these forward-looking statements may contain the following terms: "believe," "if," "may," "should," "likely," "probably," "anticipate," "plan," "would," "possible," "aim," "target", "could," "estimate," "expect," "intend,", any other such term. the above-mentioned terms not constitute exhaustive list identifying forward-looking statements; rather, provided for mere illustration and should expansively construed. all statements consisting information about banca and/or the company's financial position, plans prospects, business strategy, well the general future prospects cryptocurrencies and the banking industry whole should considered forward-looking statements. these forward-looking statements only provide projections that may include, but not limited to, statements about banca's and/or the company's profitability, prospects and revenue, future plans possible industry trends. the forward-looking statements may include known and unknown risks, uncertainties and possible other factors that may lead future results and/or achievements banca and/or the company that may materially differ from any results, performance achievements initially expected intended such forward-looking statements. these factors may include: any changes market conditions, well political, regulatory, social conditions, the countries where banca and/or the company leads its operations and businesses; risks and uncertainties that banca and/or the company may unable implement its future plans and business strategy, described this whitepaper; changes interest/exchange rates fiat and/or cryptocurrencies; shifts the expected growth strategies and anticipated internal growth banca and/or the company; changes the availability banca tokens and/or amounts used banca and/or paid the company connection with its respective businesses and operations; terminations and/or additions the company's personnel, including its executive team well the board directors changes preference banca and/or the company customers; alterations the competitive market environment, which may affect the realization banca's and/or the company's plans well the ability the banca team compete under such conditions; changes the future capital requirements for banca and/or the company and availability sufficient funding and availability resources finance such needs; unsafe conditions carrying threat for public and social safety such war, revolution and/or terrorism; emergency and natural disasters, which may affect the abilities banca and/or the company team implement the working plan, mentioned the whitepaper; and/or any and all other factors, within well outside the control banca and/or the company. all forward-looking statements made expressed the company are qualified full according the above-mentioned factors the date publication hereof. addition, the company waives any responsibility for updating any aforesaid forward-looking statements, publicly announced revisions these forward-looking statements reflecting future progress, events circumstances, even new information becomes publicly available other unexpected events take place the future; any right obligation update, delete, revise, amend, modify any portion the herein information shall remain the company's absolute, sole discretion. the company has not consented include any name any person associated with banca and/or the company connection with the publishing this whitepaper for purposes allowing any third party the right require such persons confirm update the provided information herein. there warranty assurance that such information may reliable, accurate updated. although the company has taken reasonable steps ensure that the information contained herein accurately released and the proper context, the company did not conduct any independent review information extracted from external sources the third parties and did not confirm the accuracy completeness such information the relied-upon assumptions. therefore, the company shall not obligated provide any updates the representations guarantees regarding the accuracy completeness such information. information provided herein should construed perceived business, legal, tax financial advice regarding banca, the company, and/or banca tokens. you are uncertain about financial and legal decisions, you should consult independent professional advisers, such financial and legal advisers, regarding banca tokens, banca and/or the company and their respective operations and businesses, and the general state cryptocurrency and other digital assets your jurisdiction. you acknowledge that you might required carry the legal and financial risk any purchase banca tokens for indefinite period time incur losses case unforeseen circumstances interference extraneous factors. you acknowledge that you are well aware the risks (i) becoming banca member (ii) and/or acquiring banca tokens. members, once involved, understand and accept the risks the project and are willing personally bear all the corresponding results consequences. the company expressly does not guarantee that banca tokens will appreciate, and some cases there the possibility decline its value. people who not correctly use banca tokens may lose their right use network. given that governments' regulatory attitude towards blockchain-related businesses and/or cryptocurrencies still uncertain many jurisdictions, the risks inherent establishing blockchain-related network application may higher than establishing any other type business. moreover, because the blockchain industry the very early stage development, there are still many unknown and uncertain risks. additionally, because the way cryptocurrencies are stored, there always the risk human error transacting with cryptocurrencies (such typographical error when sending tokens address). response fund risks, all large-value cryptocurrencies are stored multiple wallets well cold storage joint administration members the foundation. under the multi-signature-method, the risk theft and embezzlement funds can effectively reduced; however, these risks still exist and may lead the final failure the project. table contents banca: decentralized, intelligent blockchain-based community............................... blockchain technology ................................................................................................................................... and expert systems ...................................................................................................................................... big data analytics ............................................................................................................................................ banca community ...................................................................................................................................... community divisions ......................................................................................................................................... primary market division.................................................................................................................................. secondary market division............................................................................................................................. basic services division...................................................................................................................................... banca token application ...................................................................................................................... primary market.................................................................................................................................................. secondary market.............................................................................................................................................. basic services...................................................................................................................................................... intelligent management...................................................................................................................... technical information the platform.................................................................................... technical advantages .................................................................................................................................... architecture .................................................................................................................................................... data transmission pathway .......................................................................................................................... platform starting point ................................................................................................................................. technology stack ........................................................................................................................................... blockchain system the banca community ............................................................................................. system ........................................................................................................................................................... banca community seed applications ............................................................................................ coinai................................................................................................................................................................. other seed applications banca ............................................................................................................... team members ............................................................................................................................................ supporters, early investors and advisors ..................................................................................... fundraising ................................................................................................................................................. use plan........................................................................................................................................................ management mode the bancatech foundation................................................................................................... patents and writings ........................................................................................................................ banca: decentralized, intelligent blockchain-based community define banca decentralized, intelligent blockchain-based community platform powered artificial intelligence ("ai") and big data analytics, connecting people with various needs and skillsets. the digital utility tokens used the banca platform are called banca tokens, allowing banca token holders purchase banca products and services for consumption offered other members. the banca product and services include wide array products and services, including but not limited to: rating services, strategies, and even tax and legal products and services. members can generally classified into two categories: (i) product and service providers ("provider-members"), and (ii) end users ("end usermembers," and collectively, "members"). provider-members will receive banca tokens from end-user members exchange for providing banca products and services end users-members. the technical implementation banca based three main lines: (i) blockchain technology, (ii) and expert systems, and (iii) big data analytics. blockchain technology the core the banca project blockchain technology. with the growing popularity cryptocurrencies the past few years, the exposure has allowed global technology entrepreneurs and coders constantly improve and update the capabilities that blockchain technology can bring the world community. because these constant improvements and advancements, blockchain technology increasingly being applied industries other than cryptocurrency-related industries, which will bring new vitality all aspects the real economy. blockchain technology synonymous with transparency and decentralization; thus, can effectively prevent many the moral hazards caused the centralized management traditional investment banks, all while improving operational efficiency through collective wisdom and concerted efforts. with the further maturation other supporting technologies, subversive reform imperative. and expert systems use and expert systems achieve the dynamic, efficient automated management the banca ecological chain. automation can overcome human weaknesses, and greatly reduce the probability errors data collection, integration, and/or processing. allows the banca platform mirror the advantages large investment banks terms information and talent resources, yet overcome any efficiency loss caused excessive vertical and horizontal levels the management large institutions. has begun successfully replace humans with respect activities related internet usage, including, but not limited to, security-monitoring, trading and gathering and analyzing data, but also other traditional manual tasks such operating motor vehicles, visual identification, and countless other areas. believe will eventually widely used the financial field. big data analytics our team will integrate big data analytics into the banca products and services. this will turn result more useful data for all members and which will result more effective interfacing with vendors, and further promote the service efficiency banca. this process can continuously improved upon data gathered combination with technology. addition, have created project database and initial coin offering ("ico") review database based upon the tamper proof data system blockchain technology means community audit. have created the community platform provide further ensure the highest quality project interfacing, well enabling the community platform provide the best banca products and services possible. banca community community divisions banca's decentralized community will cover almost every product and service provided these three main areas: (i) primary market, (ii) secondary market, and (iii) basic services. these three aspects will divided into three separate divisions wherein both participating members and end-user banca token holders will interact. primary market division the primary market division provides banca products and services relating listing and underwriting all kinds digital currencies and/or make larger number digital token holders more apt hold digital assets improving liquidity. this process, banca members are free participate project evaluation point out the merits and/or demerits the project based upon their respective expertise. addition, the banca platform uses internet resources obtain information the project side. finally, dynamically integrates all the data, and forms the overall risk rating and classification the project. after analyzing the final project classification and risk rating, the platform identifies the most appropriate investor profile type, thus achieving linkage between actors. secondary market division the secondary market division responsible for research and digital asset ratings. the banca products and services offered within this division are based the decentralized decision-making system the community groups. provider-members analyze research, decentralized ratings, and coinai. trading, end user-members can choose provider-members they trust based their needs, simply adopt the comprehensive analyses provided the platform from big data analytics assist the trading digital assets. basic services division financial products and services are not the only services that will hosted the banca platform. community members will have access basic services, including, but not limited to, legal consulting, accounting, auditing, and compliance for their potential projects. this will create marketplace for professionals who can assist members all aspects their projects, thereby creating truly one-stop shop for anyone wishing launch blockchain digital currency-related project. the performance all projects will continuously tracked the platform, and kept the database digital assets the basis for evaluating the performance provider-members. this performance evaluation system intelligent and dynamic, affecting the platform's rating for provider-members, well the distribution revenue. banca token applications primary market members having the skillset project management and financial consultancy would recommend different projects those end user-members who are looking for such opportunities. once the recommended projects have been adopted executed the end user-members who have used particular provider-members, such service provider-members will receive banca tokens from the end user-members compensation. secondary market some provider-members having expertise investment research may offer their services other members. provider-members having such skillset would receive banca tokens from the end user-members for research services, such preparing investment research report. similarly, those having skillset big data collection and analytics industry, would able sell market data members exchange for banca tokens. likewise consultancy provider-members would able offer their consultancy services for banca tokens. basic services this particular market, end user-providers may freely exchange their banca tokens for professional legal, financial, account, marketing and other types services. this sense, banca truly unique creates environment where members may obtain, exchange for banca tokens, all the necessary assistance needed. sum, banca tokens are pure utility tokens, allowing members the banca community who have some expertise particular fields/skills provide their services the other members exchange for banca tokens. the banca tokens are not meant held traded for purposes gaining pecuniary profit avoiding pecuniary loss. the banca tokens are consumptive, and should not construed any other way, shape form. intelligent management intelligent management the foundation the banca community, and such, with our team's extensive experience big data processing and ai, have been able achieve efficient platform management, effectively analyzing and processing information offered members, project sides and from other sources provide intelligent services for clients. this intelligent management reflected the following five aspects: intelligent search allows users quickly find accurate, relevant information and services; big data analysis provides ratings for each member's business level, professional skills and reliability; using intelligent agreements automatically determine business terms; and recording business data, generating reports automatically, open and transparent, fraud-resistant; and continuous dynamic optimization business processes via ai. the same time, all the project performance data will continuously tracked and entered into the database the company, becoming important material for continued learning. the first platform intelligent community using big data analytics and through ai, banca the forefront the industry, and time goes on, first-mover advantages will become more apparent. technical information the platform technical advantages compared with other projects, our team has unique technical advantages, including: blockchain technology-based big data framework; software-as-a-service ("saas") and blockchain-as-a-service ("baas"); risk control-based in-dept learning and recurrent neural network; smart, effective search engines; and targeted advertising services. the banca platform will also introduce licensing mechanism based the crowdfunding chain consortium blockchain. the chain has the following technical features, among others: distributed fault tolerance: the network particularly robust, with fault tolerance exception status around node; lack tampering the data after being submitted will always available and cannot tampered, destroyed, defrauded modified; and privacy protection cryptography guarantees unauthorized access data, but the data cannot parsed. regarding processing performance and scalability, every core node involved maintaining the network must maintain complete storage and process intelligent agreement; thus, the total storage and computing power the entire network may, needed, depend single node. the banca system adopts kafka stream processing and the hadoop decentralized computing system, and other big data technologies ensure the throughput, low latency and high performance transactions. further, regarding the database and storage system, the network uses new, more specialized nosql key-value database, which each record contains complete block's information that naturally associated with its historical information. once entered, data cannot modified, thus guaranteeing data transmission quality. architecture data service prototype semi-personal popular list popular list bof recommendation engine personalized recommendation engine [birds feather, social response feature store] q/a personal ranking engine [indexed answer store] online store beyond keyword search engine [structured/curated article/news store] mda [machine learning framework] online custom code app query interface k-v store domain-specific store (document, wild column, graph) statistic framework low level system (row log r/b tree) decision tree, vector (svm) other (graph, network, etc.) offline store distributed storage and computation platform data-parallel computation engine dfs partition (ns) store manager computation manager data cloud cluster data cloud cluster (store compute supporting infrastructure) data transmission pathway platform starting point optimizer data pipeline technology stack blockchain system the banca community blockchain has adopted the concept proof work evade any malicious damage the data, and use probabilistic models ensure the longest legitimate chains. addition, there are also pledges based rights, such pos, dpos and casper. theoretically speaking, these algorithms are based the game theory, and ensure the incorporation the majority incurring monetary loss those malicious participants. the technical support for blockchain has entailed distributed consensus mechanism, including the classic byzantine algorithm. addition, have concise and sophisticated blockchain-based smart contracts, which provide pre-edited digital language record terms. once triggered, the smart contract implement the corresponding terms record terms are executed. simple terms, smart contracts are intelligent contracts that record specific terms computer languages rather than legal languages. from user's point view, smart contract usually considered automatic guarantee account. traditional contract means that two more parties agree something exchange for consideration promises perform something. each party must trust each other fulfill their obligations. alternatively, when deploying smart contract the parties not need trust each other because the smart contract defined code mandatory, completely uninterrupted and automatic soon the coded conditions are triggered. when the trigger condition satisfied, the smart contract automatically sends out preset data resource and event including the trigger condition. the existence smart contract intended allow complex set digitized promises with triggering conditions properly implemented accordance with the will the participants. one hand, practice, software agent performs certain obligations and may have control over certain assets the shared ledger. data, such stored information the blockchain, validation and implementation the code, defined smart contract code. the other hand, refers the interpretation how legal contracts are expressed and enforced software, and therefore covers areas operation such how draft legal contracts and how interpret them. this has been defined smart legal contract. contracts are expressed and enforced software, and therefore covers areas operation such how draft legal contracts and how interpret them. this has been defined smart legal contract. from technical point view, smart contracts are considered web servers, except that instead using internet protocol ("ip") addresses set the internet, these servers are set the blockchain that specific contract programs can run them. smart contracts are deployed shared, replicated books that maintain their status, control their own assets and respond received outside information assets. computer program that runs replicable, shared book that processes information, receives, stores, and sends values. smart contracts are collections codes and data that are stored the blockchain's specific address. smart contracts are more like automated proxies (or robots non-player characters) the blockchain that have their own account that automatically performs functions driven time events, such the ability pass information between themselves, modify the state the blockchain (account information, etc.), and turing complete calculation. the creation turing complete blockchain and internet things has enabled smart contracts safely and quickly transfer assets and interact with physical entities. essence, the working principle smart contracts similar the program statements other computer programs interacting with real-world assets through the execution programs. fraud-proof features based blockchain, well automatic execution smart contracts when conditions trigger, greatly ensure the credibility smart contracts and reduce implementation costs and compliance costs. smart contract set promises that are numerically defined and include agreements which contractual parties can implement those promises. the basic idea smart contract that many contract terms can embedded hardware and software. banca community block chain system community application registration and login real name authentication personal center real name authentication personal launch the crowd account recharge token management follow trade signal follow trade signal token registration account center blockchain finance tripartite payment intelligent agreement blockchain consensus project review lead trading token trading voucher center smart contract token risk management account general ledger information networking block chain system architecture. community application saas intelligent search api precision marketing marathon myriad blockchain agent others kubernetes community management authentication security big data agent software defined network (flannel, dns) scheduler blockchain agent ...... agent agent software defined storage (hbase, cassandra) system technical terms, includes two aspects: (i) deep learning and (ii) recurrent neural network-based prediction models. practical sense, the system predicts accurate future movements digital tokens mining hidden information from historical transaction data and from deep behavioral records. the main goal deep learning learn multi-level features and create more abstract high-level representations combining low-level features discover the distributed representation the data. building multi-layered neural network simulate human brain learning process, hope use the human brain's multi-layer abstraction mechanism achieve the abstract expression the real object data, and integrate the feature extraction and classifier into learning framework. deep learning structure feature multi-layer perceptrons with multiple hidden layers, forming more abstract high-level representation attribute categories features combining low-level features find the data distributed feature representation. multi-level abstraction formed through bottom-up learning, and multi-level feature learning process that automatically intervenes without human intervention. according the learned network structure, the system maps the input sample data various levels features and classifies the output units the top level using classifier matching algorithm. for some low-level algorithms, such neural networks with single hidden layer, support vector machines, etc., given limited number samples and computational elements, difficult for low-level structures effectively represent complex functions, and for complex classification problems, performance and the generalization ability the needle has obvious deficiencies, especially when the target object has wealth meaning. deep learning through network large number simple neurons, the use non-linear relationship between input and output, the complexity the function approximation the observed sample fitting, and the learning the nature the input sample extract reflects the strong power. the simplest neural network contains only one neuron, follows: and intercept input, and this neuron consist output, where the function the activation function. banca, use sigmoid the activation function neural network connected set multiple single neurons, where the output one neuron could the input another, follow: above, the leftmost layer called the input layer, while the rightmost layer the output player. all the middle nodes are called the hidden layer, cannot see their values during training. out neural network can computed using function given the parameter set this example, is: use denote the weighted sum the level and the unit, for example, then put all the parameters matrix, and use matrix-vector computation methods, can quickly solve these equations using linear algebra. neural network can have multiple output units. for example, the network below, there are hidden layers: and and there are output units the output layer solve networks like this, would need sample set where this would suitable the number outputs predicted more than one. the first step define similarity: svd one the matrix factorization algorithms and baseline predictor one type optimization. the simplest svd optimize the following loss function: and then use random gradient descent optimize: timesvd++ use the time dimension one additional parameter: below brief overview the code: .from__future__import division .import numpy .import scipy .from numpy.random import random .class svd_c: .def init (self,x,k=): ''''' the length vector .''' .self.x=np.array(x) .self.k=k .self.ave=np.mean(self.x[:,]) .print "the input data size ",self.x.shape .self.bi={} .self.bu={} .self.qi={} .self.pu={} .self.movie_user={} .self.user_movie={} .for range(self.x.shape[]): .uid=self.x[i][] .mid=self.x[i][] .rat=self.x[i][] .self.movie_user.setdefault(mid,{}) .self.user_movie.setdefault(uid,{}) .self.movie_user[mid][uid]=rat .self.user_movie[uid][mid]=rat .self.bu.setdefault(uid,) .self.qi.setdefault(mid,random((self.k,))/*(np.sqrt(self.k))) .self.pu.setdefault(uid,random((self.k,))/*(np.sqrt(self.k))) .def pred(self,uid,mid): .self.bi.setdefault(mid,) .self.bu.setdefault(uid,) .self.qi.setdefault(mid,np.zeros((self.k,))) .self.pu.setdefault(uid,np.zeros((self.k,))) .if (self.qi[mid]==none): .self.qi[mid]=np.zeros((self.k,)) .if (self.pu[uid]==none): .self.pu[uid]=np.zeros((self.k,)) .ans=self.ave+self.bi[mid]+self.bu[uid]+np.sum(self.qi[mid]*self.pu[uid]) .if ans>: .return .elif ans<: return .return ans .deftrain(self,steps=,gamma=.,lambda=.): .for step range(steps): .print 'the ',step,'-th step running' .rmse_sum=. .kk=np.random.permutation(self.x.shape[]) .for range(self.x.shape[]): .mid=self.x[i][] .uid=self.x[i][] .uif=self.x[i][] .rat=self.x[i][] .eui=rat-self.pred(uid,mid) .rmse_sum+=eui** .self.bu[uid]+=gamma*(eui-lambda*self.bu[uid]) .self.bi[mid]+=gamma*(eui-lambda*self.bi[mid]) .temp=self.qi[mid] .self.qi[mid]+=gamma*(eui*self.pu[uid]-lambda*self.qi[mid]) .self.pu[uid]+=gamma*(eui*temp-lambda*self.pu[uid]) .gamma=gamma*. .print "the rmse this step train data ",np.sqrt(rmse_sum/self.x.shape[]) .#self.test(test_data) .def test(self,test_x): .output=[] .sums= .test_x=np.array(test_x) .#print "the test data size ",test_x.shape .for range(test_x.shape[]): .pre=self.pred(test_x[i][],test_x[i][]) .output.append(pre) .#print pre,test_x[i][] .sums+=(pre-test_x[i][])** .rmse=np.sqrt(sums/test_x.shape[]) .print "the rmse test data ",rmse .return output the smart rewarding system banca based neural networks and pagerank models and call aibased contribution metric (acm): pagerank: e/n the unit vector) context sensitive pagerank: below, every node the hidden and output layers obtained from the nodes the previous layer with weighted sum and the nodes with "+" are intercept for every node not the input layer: y=w*x+w*x+...+wn*xn+b, and neural network equivalent multi-level logistic regression structure. generally speaking, neural networks consist steps: initialization, feed forwarding, and back propagation. .initialization: since this n-layer neural network, use -dimensional array record the values, where the first dimension the layer number and the second dimension the location the node, and the value the array value. the error values all the nodes are recorded the same way. also use -dimensional array keep the weights all the nodes, where the first dimension the layer number, the second dimension the node location, the third dimension the location the node the next layer, and the value the weight value from the current node the next node random value initialized between and optimize for convergence, use the momentum method for adjustment, and keep them int the -dimensional array. directly set the intercept that only need compute the corresponding weight. .feed forwarding: use function /(+math.exp(-z)) normalize the value every node into and then forward compute until the output layer, while would not need the function for the output layers. .back propagation: usually use the sum squares the error function: fact, the same logistic function and would not discuss the mathematic reasoning this function. would need minimize this function and thus would need take the derivative: the error array keeps the minimized error the weights, and then can adjust the weights using the array. use the momentum method for the adjustment avoid any local minimum: dw(k+) mobp*dw(k)+rate*err*layer where the number recursions, mobp the momentum term and rate the learning step size. can also use the following formula: dw(k+) mobp*dw(k)+(-mobp)rate*err*layer banca community seed applications coin our team has successfully developed coinai: seed application providing quantitative analysis forecasts for digital tokens that will available through the secondary market division. among some the features, coinai allows one conduct in-depth analysis digital tokens and compare inherent risks, and obtain the forecast models for future trends based and big data smart beta market timing models. smart beta crypto forecast model crypto portfolio optimization depth analysis other seed applications banca using banca tokens, members may acquire the following seed applications for use: regime analysis midterm forecast system this system smart beta midterm timing model for regime analysis developed our team over the years based big data analytics, money flow and calendar effect. will used seed application the secondary market, and will play important role the management digital assets, asset allocation and risk management. intelligent market system robotized intelligent market system developed our team, which will serve seed application the primary market provide liquidity management and market value maintenance for new digital currency projects. team members our highly skilled team include: *top professional financial talents from wall street who first entered the field digital assets, pioneering the development the investment banking business digital assets; *an accomplished international technical team with more than fifteen years developmental experience that consists significant talents the development silicon valley big data, artificial intelligence and top investment banking technologies; and top cross-functional, cross-domain team coming from early and late investment markets, wall street's top investment banks, quantitative hedge funds and digital currency markets, covering most investment fields, and with wealth investor networks and resources. the members this have accumulated financial network resources for many years, which will utilized the banca community. key employees: .linda chen (ceo) linda has years investment management experience wall street investment banks and hedge funds, successively working for dfd select group, famous fund hedge fund (fohf) asset management wall street, eaton partners, and hong kong's ajia partners, where she was responsible for investment management, personally interviewing thousands private hedge funds home and abroad. she then went start her own business, founding golden bridge international new york and shanghai caichi asset management co., ltd. she familar with the development path and operational management start-ups. caichi asset introduced the buffett fund chinese investors for the first time, with over million rmb the management scale and over million usd overseas asset management scale, making sustained and excellent investment. after entering the market digital currency, she was the first propose the application wall street's advanced smart beta quantitative timing algorithm the investments the digital token market, achieving excellent investment returns for her portfolios. the same time, she accumulated extensive networks between project sides, investors and service providers the field currency, which lays foundation for the development the banca community. linda grew australia, graduated from the university new south wales and received degrees both actuarial science and accounting. .dr. yuhan cai (cto) dr. yuhan cai leading expert the financial technology field silicon valley, with -years experience core technology development and team management. has worked for microsoft, amazon, google, apple and other large technology companies, and was responsible for the architecture, development and operational maintenance financial big data platforms. was the senior technical director apple and was responsible for the design and optimization machine learning models user behavior analysis system before joining our team. was the founding member technical director zenmarketing business division, successfully developing integration and analysis platforms for big data mobile applications, rapidly setting his own technical team. project results include: highspeed real-time bidding platform, cloud big data risk control system and samsung private cloud. dr.yuhan cai has obtained many patents for inventions and published professional papers information theory, artificial intelligence, big data, game theory, calculation method and other fields, and has won several awards from the national science foundation, united states, and best paper and best show, etc., from the association for computing machinery (acm). "chebyshev efficient index", "stock pattern matching" and other patents about big data application obtained dr. yuhan cai will transplanted banca community and become significant technical advantages. dr.yuhan cai graduated from university british columbia (bachelors degree) and university washington (doctorate computer science). .artem sokolenko (chief marketing officer) top-class marketer and sales expert europe, having many years' experience international marketing and branding for multinational companies. now responsible for the operation and marketing banca community. used lead marketing teams europe, dubai, the united states and russia while working for multi-national companies and the same time providing strategic advisory international big brands such hershey and armani. going lead banca's marketing team and promote the startup's idea, product and service overseas community, social media and major international media. .leo (director crypto products) leo has professionally worked senior financial products designer, with rich experience financial product design, asset allocation and services for high-net-worth investors. worked for hillview capital advisors wall street, where was responsible for the allocation all kinds assets around the world and analysis financial products. his ten-year investment experience covers global stocks, commodities, and variety complex financial products. returned co-found number financial/non-financial enterprises, including shanghai qiyi investment management co., ltd. (founding partner) and shanghai yingquan education technology co., ltd. (founding partner), etc. leo has bachelors degree biology from fudan university and masters degree finance from george washington university. .bing chen (chief scientist founding partner) dr. bing chen senior researcher murray hill research center, at&t, and world-leading scientist research and development information technology and data processing. she was responsible for voip network construction and testing, and has obtained patents and published papers ieee communication. she has delivered many speeches international academic forums. she world-class expert speech compression algorithms, echo cancellers, statistical analysis, itu network planning models (e-model) and objective speech quality models (pesq, pams). dr. bing chen was lecturer rutgers and postdoctoral scholar the university rochester. she holds bachelors degree mechanical engineering from taiyuan university technology and doctorate experimental psychology from university california, san diego. dr. bing chen's patents, papers and scientific achievements will used basic underlying architecture and several modules the banca platform. .pieta feng (senior manager) pieta was member enactus, international entrepreneurial organization, and has learnt lot entrepreneurial experieences his early years. enactus, founded non-profit organization made global college students, academics and leaders from top businesses, headquartered the u.s. after graduation, worked for investment divisions china's first- tier investment banks and well-known private placement institutions, where was responsible for market and project analysis. then, entered the blockchain industry and participated independent investor the evaluation and tracking blockchain projects and trading the secondary market. pieta graduated from zhengzhou university with bachelors degrees finance and management, and has rich experience media operations. bill zheng (senior software eengineer) bill has over five years working experience the development and management large-scale internet project architecture. was senior engineer ctrip before joining banca. was awarded with mcm honorable mention the mathematical contest modeling held usa. his paper "the ulitimate brownie pans", runway identification method based hough improved algorithm, was published major science and technology magazine china. graduated from shenyang ligong university with honors degree computer engineering. .jessica liu(ui designer) jessica liu has over nine years work experience user interface design. she has engaged various kinds web and app product design and visual design for many years. before joining banca, she was the key designer bidpoc, blockchain company china. jessica graduated from shanghai institute technology art design. supporters, early investors and advisors .dr. patrick dai dr. patrick dai founder qtum blockchain back dr. patrick dai started his research and development cryptocurrency and its underlying technologies during his ph.d. studies the chinese university science and technology and the chinese academy sciences. active evangelist the blockchain community and promoter the blockchain applications china. previously worked for alibaba, co-founder and chief technology officer bitse. hero member bitcointalk (bitcoin and blockchain community), dr. patrick dai wrote total posts. the same time wrote "from build their own blockchain" development manual, which got more than million views. also leads the development series global blockchain projects. .aleksey matiychenko aleksey early developer for the secondary market banca's ecological system, which used efficiently analyze the investment value and risk digital assets, and build the optimum portfolio has years experience hedge fund quantitative analysis and risk management. was mainly responsible for the construction and development quantitative analysis and risk management systems. served chief risk control officer and technical director fund funds (fofs) investment division jpmorgan and led the entire risk control team, where was responsible for the construction fofs risk control and sub-funds screening and evaluation systems. the reason for his hedge fund performance that the in-depth quantitative analysis system currently the most cutting-edge hedge fund screening and evaluation system the industry. aleksey, who immigrated the u.s. from russia with his parents child, holds bachelor's degree computer science and mba from new york university, and has obtained frm, cfa, caia and other certificates financial profession. .jayden wei founder leekico, executive director collinstar capital, blockchain fans and fintech startup supporter. australia's only digital currency block chain venture capital licence holder. cryptocurrency enthusiast. experienced fund manager with demonstrated history working the financial services industry. strong finance professional with master's degree focused master business and master professional accounting from monash university. .quantum foundation qtum quantum chain committed becoming the future value transport protocol and distributed application platform the internet, providing automated, credible and frictionless blockchain platform for all walks life. .collinstar capital collinstar capital, australian based asset management company and market leader fintech, specializing blockchain infrastructure, cryptocurrency investments, and relevant consulting services announced today that its subsidiary blockchain ventures signed agreement with draper dragon fund set co-management fund help build hcash ecosystem .lester lim lester lim the marketing token sale strategy advisor top icos like coinfi, ink protocol, dock.io, and selfkey. also blockchain investor and founder global private syndicate investing top icos. being online business owner, digital marketing strategist and facebook ads specialist, has helped private clients made multiple figures with his strategies, and for himself having done -figures revenue and has over customers from all over the world for his information and software business. genesis genesis named after satoshi nakamoto's concept genesis block, which means create new era. aprofessional investment bank and venture capital firmspecialized the blockchain industry founded zhuhuaiyang and sun zeyu and devoted discovering bestqualityblockchain projects and providing long- term integrated services the industry.genesis has invested dozens blockchain projects such tnb, space chain, mdt, wkb, and iot chain. adrian lam miin ico advisor for house, darcmatter, tradehero. ico lead for electrify.asia founder workzspace. com which has listings serviced offices coworking space asia. independent council member the gerson lehrman group(glg). former chief operating officer sportshero now listed australian stock exchange (asx) .xing zao finance venture capital firm october xing zao finance. was established the beginning, innovative financial services based wenzhou, the bank early the financial firms, early venture capital, the bank early equity investment clubs, financial coffee meeting room kuanga) the center; the strategic cooperation includes shanghai chengtai information (big data bank), cifh (internet insurance), bohan finance (finance public relations), the state finance and education and other companies, also currently investing silicon valley- based blockchain technology company (peernova); cooperation funds are dimon fund (singapore), wheelock (united states), green venture capital, radium gold control, carey capital, letter zhongli, haiquan fund, and strive create more complete financial ecosystem. for investors provide professional financial services, but also for their families provide scientific financial education and financial planning programs. .richard wang partner draper dragon fund master telecommunications engineering, national jiao tong university, ph.d. candidateas partner draper dragon innovation fund, mr. richard wang mainly responsible for the investment side artificial intelligence, blockchain, internet things projects. was involved investing epay, micro nano technologies, huan qing technology, puke, wuxi micro, inspirational technology, and other blockchain companies such vechain, metaverse, redpulse, chinapex, alphacat, and daf.. mr. richard wang during his years experience was engaged technology research and development, marketing and other different positions, with the main focus the electromagnetic field theory, mr. richard also founded edt.inc. participated the development and sales communications products, later worked mass e-commerce co., ltd. chief executive officer. mr. richard wang the past few years was interested integrated circuits, financial and industrial internet things terms the market development and applications. present, mr. richard wang focus artificial intelligence applications and blockchain technology. .jess kim seasoned venture capitalist, who primarly focusing crypto startups invested several projects including ink pro ocol, key, qli and medi bloc background economics .bin dr. bin former merrill lynch vp, ubs executive director dr. bin has years international financial industry experience and outstanding hedge fund management performance. mr. received bachelor's degree theoretical physics from the university science and technology china and went the united states. received his ph.d. physics from new york university. after year postdoctoral research the renowned institute mathematical sciences, joined merrill lynch and was soon promoted vice president for his outstanding work securities research and trading strategy.joined ubs executive director and head global quantity trading strategies and subsequently became member ubs's six-person executive committee north america. leaving ubs westport financial llc was co-founded chairman and president the board directors, creating equity securities firms under wf, the nasdaq hong kong. (aastocks. com). since mr. has served paloma fund manager (paloma legendary quantitative hedge fund platform, cultivating renaissance and deshaws, the world's leading quantitative hedge fund renaissance technology company), chief operating officer jiang ping asset management corporation, chief the yellow river fund investment officer and other positions. because his outstanding performance and legendary experience the field financial investment, mr. also known "three musketeers wall street" with jiang ping and yanxiu. mr. obtained four invention patents granted the u.s. patent office such automatic stock review, artificial neural network timing prediction system, market-neutral doublematching trading model and automatic stock search technology. the book "quantitative analysis, derivatives models and trading strategies," book the world science press three reprinted,has become classic wall street quantitative practitioners reference. mr. holds the license finra securites inc., securities analysis, derivative securities, futures, traders, etc. the united states: series and also the author quantitative analysis, derivatives modeling, and trading strategies. mr. lee started trading digital currencies and used quantitative models take advantage arbitrage, automated operations and long position strategies the unequal pricing the various exchanges obtain the alpha benefits. fundraising total tokens issued: billion banca total funds collected during token sale: million usd team members have three years vesting schedule. this white paper the first draft, and the distribution plan may adjusted the near future. use plan digital currencies raised this time will used proportionately the following areas: item proportion legal and audit operations management marketing develop and support developers management mode banca foundation subject crowd sale: banca technology limited, the british virgin islands. setting singapore non-profit foundation and autonomous committee: bancatech foundation ltd. management principles: overall planning, comprehensive management, practical results, careful calculation, keeping expenditures within the limits income. third-party auditing: hiring third-party accounting firm audit regular basis. fundraising roadmap january banca community will launched and complete ico private placement. february ico crowdfunding will completed. march banca will listed exchanges. may the first seed application coin banca platform will launched. the end the banca community platform will built and the beta version will launched. many project sides, business sides, selling sides, technology providers and basic service sides and investors will join the banca community ecological chain. its digital asset businesses will comprehensive. banca will build its status the world's first decentralized, intelligent blockchain-based community! patents and writings .patent: improving the relevance advertisements for display authors: ryan white, mihnea marinescu, yuhan cai u.s. patent appln. no. .indexing spatio-temporal trajectories with chebyshev polynomials authors: yuhan cai and raymond proceedings acm sigmod .indexing saptiotemporal trajectories with chebyshev polynomials yuhan cai thesis for master science new collocation extraction method combining multiple association measures authors: jian-fang lin, sheng and yuhan cai proceedings icmlc .collocation extraction using web feedback data authors: jianfang lin, sheng li, and yuhan cai chinese journal electronics, vol. no., april new query expansion approach using collocation relationships language models for information retrieval authors: jianfang lin, sheng li, yuhan cai journal information and computational science .personal information management with semex authors: yuhan cai, xin dong, alon halevy, jayant madhavan and michelle liu proceedings acm sigmod .lookup peaks: more sensitive hybrid novo sequencing and database search for protein identification tandem mass spectrometry authors: marshall bern, yuhan cai and david goldberg analytical chemistry .byonic: fast and sensitive identification peptide spectra using lookup peaks authors: marshall bern, yuhan cai proceedings asms statistical approach instance-level schema matching authors: jianfang lin, sheng li, yuhan cai, michael zhangai journal information and computational science .patent: end-to-end connection packet loss detection algorithm using power level deviation authors: bing chen, david beaumont u.s. patent appln. no. .operating method for voice activity detection/silence suppression system authors: bing chen, james u.s. patent appln. no. legal affairs bancatech foundation currently established singapore. matters requiring legal advice need confirmed local lawyer. dispute resolution where there dispute, the parties concerned shall, accordance with the agreement, solve consultation. cannot solved through consultation, may ruled the court the place where the foundation registered according the local law.