executive summary the potential impact technological development finance one the hottest topics today. many start-ups are trying revolutionise financial services. however, they mostly focus niche and cannot take advantage economies scale, which one the main advantages enjoyed traditional banks that may not technologically advanced. bankera plans achieve the scale offer traditional and emerging banking products technology driven blockchain era environment, eventually becoming the one-stop shop for all banking requirements. bankera already achieving significant progress fintech company, and plans have significant infrastructure place prior the initial coin offering (ico). already, bankera has the necessary regulatory and arrangements offer individual international bank account numbers (iban) which can accept and make payments the single euro payments area (sepa). bankera position offer competitive foreign currency exchange rates, quick and cost effective international bank wires well having the "bankera payment card" linked cardholder's payment account. bankera building digital bank last, therefore, the focus will the scale, elimination counterparties and offering core banking services such savings and loans accounts. achieve these goals, bankera will apply for additional banking licenses key jurisdictions able operate spectrum different fiat currencies and facilitate cross-border transactions without the need for counterparties. bankera also plans member key financial networks, such achieving issuer and acquirer status with major payment card schemes well becoming participant payment networks such sepa eu, faster payments the united kingdom and etf canada. addition traditional banking products, bankera will providing innovative solutions for both individual customers and businesses alike, low-cost banking environment. for example: for businesses, bankera will improve cash flow extending finance for payment processing against future expected payments, based historical cash flows and expected payments. for individuals, bankera will address the age-old problem client's savings not keeping with inflation creating investment product linked basket goods that automatically adjusts with inflation. achieve these objectives, bankera company set and initial coin offering (ico) will conducted. the offering will virtual currency tokens known "bankers" (bnk). funds raised the bankera will given grant towards the development bankera project. endowment will made operator bankera product towards bankera company part its obligation toward the grant. endowment payment shall based per cent the transaction net revenue earned bankera and spectrocoin and paid bnk token holders weekly basis. the discretion the bankera then make payments the bnk token holders part the reward for their contribution towards bankera. introduction are living times digital transformation. the impact this transformation clearly seen how share information and communicate. there are attempts digitize many aspects our lives, especially the world finance and banking. most notably, the advent blockchain technology has enabled digitize money via cryptocurrencies such bitcoin. there are many attempts foot apply blockchain technology revolutionise other areas finance. however, most researchers focus transforming only one financial service product (e.g. remittances lending). this trend has emerged because new participants have been nimbler adopting emerging technologies compared incumbents who are hampered legacy systems. however, this competitive advantage that new entrants enjoy likely shortlived one existing banks will use their considerable resources build the same services remain competitive acquire emerging fintech's. the vision bankera different; are focused building bank for the blockchain era, which eventually will become one-stop store for all financial services, the same way, traditional bricks and mortar banks are now. believe that digital means distributed, hence bankera company will issue digital tokens the distributed blockchain initial coin offering (ico) allow supporters contribute the development purely digital bank. the aim the ico not test speculative idea, but provide the capital enable bankera product expand its existing services compete with existing banks equal across all areas operation including payments, lending, currency exchange, and investments. encourage supporters try bankera's services before participating the ico. what bankera? bankera bank that will built for the blockchain era using technology reduce the number counterparties, thus lowering the cost banking for the end consumer. have seen counterparty reduction emerge e-commerce, where goods are now often purchased straight from manufacturers. financial services, the trend until now has seen financial technology companies building their businesses piggybacking off existing infrastructure create better solutions for individual products. for example, remittance companies have emerged simply because they could process bank wires faster various countries. however, such technologies have created numerous counterparties. being core participant financial markets, bankera can provide many services without the need for such counterparties. spectrocoin's role bankera's founding team already owns and operates successful cryptocurrency exchange, e-wallet, debit card provider and payment processor. this product operated under the brand name spectrocoin (https://spectrocoin.com/). from day one spectrocoin was built with the intention providing access for customers range cryptocurrencies. however, remain competitive, spectrocoin was required produce number products that are seen traditional banking, such debit cards, payment processing, international bank account numbers, foreign exchange and forth. such, spectrocoin has already developed core infrastructure comparable traditional banks. natural extension spectrocoin leverage existing technology build bankera, revolutionary bank for the blockchain era. the introduction bankera will create operational fork. spectrocoin will remain leader providing wallet and exchange services for cryptocurrencies and bankera will new product focused efficient payment and banking solutions. the success spectrocoin has provided proof concept for bankera. what has already been developed will serve minimum viable product for bankera begin operations. the contribution spectrocoin bankera will not only and regulatory infrastructure, but also introduction bankera services existing clients spectrocoin and share spectrocoin's talent pool blockchain specialists. most importantly, spectrocoin will entitling bankera token holders from its net transaction revenue from the first week after start pre-ico. key facts about spectrocoin clients: and new registrations everyday; cards issued: ,+; average daily volume: eur; team members: our vision efficiency first the financial services industry moving towards becoming near perfect market due constantly lowering barriers entry and homogeneity services offered (e.g. loans not have different taste design only price and terms). compete such market, not only must operations conducted efficiently possible, but important identify and pass through the most optimal solutions (i.e. the best trade-off between time and money) the clients. result, bankera will passing inter-bank exchange rates our customers involved foreign currency exchange, available using bankera's payment card, making international transfers exchanging currency between their accounts. status money bankera has identified three core trends regarding money today's environment. first, cash still the dominant form money especially developing economies, and that will not change within the next decade. second, electronic and digital money increasing popularity. third, the nearby future technology might enable the development and demand for new types monies. ... cash the king bankera recognises that cash still the predominate form payment and bankera will active the cash market. one issue that bankera will not have physical branches like traditional bricks and mortar banks. such, bankera has three-pronged attack remain competitive cash. partnerships with existing providers for cash deposits and withdrawals. bankera will partner with retail providers who currently distribute cash deposit and withdrawal services. network agents. developing countries where infrastructure handle deposits and withdrawals not established (such south america), bankera will offer relevant retailers (such newsagents gas stations) the ability agents for bankera handle deposits and withdrawals. each these agents will have account with bankera facilitate this. payment cards. bankera will issuing payment cards, they could used option for withdrawals most atms available globally when cash needed. ... electronic and digital money bankera will offer money wallets fiat currencies initially, covering all the major currencies such usd, eur and gbp. addition, bankera will also support emerging digital currencies such bitcoin, ethereum, dash, nem and others ensuring that bankera will the forefront the emerging cryptocurrency ecosystem. central banks (e.g. bank england, sweden central bank and european central bank) are discussing implementing new forms digital money. these currencies emerge, bankera will gateway between these currencies and end-users provide access these emerging currencies. ... new types money being the frontier innovation, bankera will aim solve old problems using new technology and products. one such problem that consumers, general, not invest their money adequately keep with inflation. solution, bankera will pioneer issuing electronic money denominated "baskets" proposed nobel prize winning economist robert shiller. while his idea allows customers send traditional fiat currency equivalent the worth particular consumption basket the receiving currency, will extend the idea offer electronic money denominated proxy for consumption "basket", capture inflation and allow customers keep their funds constantly employed. this idea inspired kiyotaki and moore who published article titled "evil the root all money" which stated that money could substituted for some liquid security. hence, bankera will offer low-cost exchange trade funds (etf) for payments and eventually allow the construction individual portfolio/basket based customers preferences. the idea behind electronic money backed etfs this: rational person would like have all their funds invested able maximize potential return. also having more capital available for investments should benefit society whole likely increase economic growth. hence, assuming zero transaction costs and volatility, the rational person would keep all his funds always invested and will sell small fraction their portfolio every time they need pay for something (consumption). the other hand, when person will receive funds, they will immediately invest these funds. assuming that the payer and receiver are investing the same asset, propose that selling and buying asset are unnecessary steps, transaction such asset (in our proposed case etf) would the most rational solution. payment processing bankera identifies two key issues faced merchants accepting payments online: fraud/chargeback risk and capital immobilisation due rolling reserves long settlement times. bankera will help its business clients solve these issues, firstly providing proprietary know-your-client (kyc) and fraud screening solutions well offering incoming payments financing (as alternative for invoice financing). ... know your client bankera believes that payment processor much stronger position facilitate kyc and fraud detection procedures compared the receiver, due the amount data collected. hence, bankera will develop extension for its kyc and fraud screening technologies forward relevant information the receiver which will proactive and preventative approach fraud prevention improving compliance. result, this solution should reduce the chargeback ratio, doing lowering the overall cost payment processing for our clients. ... incoming payments financing one the key challenges for fast growing businesses accepting non-cash payments capital immobilisation. typically, when business processes credit card transaction per cent received within seven days and per cent six months after the transaction. this process known rolling reserve, which risk management strategy protect the merchant and its banks from potential loss due chargebacks, however, creates cash flow issues for businesses using the service. bankera will create short-term finance products bridge this cash flow gap for businesses. payment processor, bankera will have advantage over banks because bankera will collect live information about expected incoming payments. this will facilitate bankera offering credit for businesses secured against expected future cash flows. for example, company may accept cash payments via bankera's gateway and could take three weeks for transactions settle, however, bankera could automatically settle this transaction was confident that the funds will ultimately received. this immediate settlement can done for fee interest payment and the process can used reduce eliminate rolling reserve requirements and other obstacles businesses face. such solution cannot offered most payment processors due limited liquidity. building bank there are three core elements ensure success when building bank: capital, technology and compliance. bankera's management team has proven track record developing optimal synergies between these core elements. prior the ico, bankera has already developed crucial parts these three elements and already has minimum viable product. the successful implementation all three product groups will set the foundations for the success the bank. this philosophy illustrated the diagram below: capital operating bank different from many other businesses because capital not only required fund growth and trade cycles but also for regulatory requirements. the financial service sector, this regulation place ensure banks have minimal risk financial distress during economic downturns when there pressure the deposit base (more withdrawals than deposits). therefore, most the capital raised will put towards satisfying the capital adequacy requirement ratios that are legislated and obtaining banking licenses new jurisdictions. for example, the ico was raise eur, which the surface looks like substantial amount, because capital adequacy requirements bankera could only lend out eur, which considerably lower than average local bank would have lending capacity. would correspond loans for average loan amount eur. regulation licensing one the key assets financial institutions. currently, bankera's management team has obtained payment institution (pi) license. the team close obtaining electronic money institution (emi) license before the ico. therefore, bankera will have solid foundation place provide the planned services except accepting deposits and offering investment products, which will come later. the key milestone achieved after the ico upgrade the electronic money license banking license the eu, which would the necessary licensing requirements fulfil bankera's initial vision set out this document. also, bankera will obtaining memberships various key financial networks such card schemes and several remittances channels. technology traditional banks often describe themselves "technology companies". however, bankera has significant advantage with core technology built for the blockchain era. traditional banks have legacy products such swift messaging, sepa payments payment cards the heart their technology, which makes these technologies inflexible. contrast, such products are simply bolt the item for bankera and can disposed without interrupting core technology. this will make sure that bankera can remain nimble modern technologies emerge and old technologies become redundant. most the technology required for successful operations for bankera already developed and will ready for testing minimum viable product prior the ico. the core elements bankera's current technology include modules for swift messaging, sepa payments, payment cards integration, bank's ledger, bitcoin, ethereum, dash, nem modules, fraud analytics and more. however, maintain competitive edge rapidly developing technological market, bankera will constantly improving existing infrastructure and developing cutting edge solutions for the upcoming blockchain era. the graph below shows the technological solutions already available for bankera and the planned additions. services offered bankera aiming become fully-fledged digital bank and will offer three core lines services: payments bankera's payment solution will include traditional products such globally accepted iban, debit cards and payment processing, but will also extend solutions for remittances services correspondent bank for other financial market participants name but few solutions. achieve this, bankera will not only become regulated european bank, but also will seek become authorised issuer and acquirer payment cards and obtain banking licenses key jurisdictions avoid dependency the correspondent bank services, which are extremely fragile nowadays identified the world bank when they concluded that correspondent banking relationships (cbrs) are declining due several factors including aml risk reduction risk. having multiple licenses will allow bankera offer instant cross-border transactions well having access low currency exchange rates due direct access financial markets multiple jurisdictions because having these licenses. bankera's card, which will available before the ico, will give option spend funds stored bankera's wallet practically anywhere where payment cards are accepted. top that, all services will accessed through easy use intuitive user interface more than languages with live support. ... cryptocurrencies bankera default will support most the cryptocurrencies including bitcoin, dash, ethereum (including erc tokens), nem for all its payment related features. this not only means that bankera customers will able store and exchange these http://documents.worldbank.org/curated/en//pdf/-revised-publiccbr-report-november-.pdf currencies, but they will also able keep their balance accounts linked payment cards, which will allow users spend these currencies like traditional money. bankera will also offer payment processing solution for all these currencies for merchants (currently available spectrocoin). ... new types money see new types money emerging backed economic indicators such gross domestic product exchange traded funds. bankera excellent position adopt create such currencies they emerge. this especially the case once bankera launches investment products which will have synergies with payment processing solutions which will allow bankera enable these new types money. loans and savings the ability take deposits and issue loans the core any banking business, however, nowadays difficult enter the banking industry due compliance requirements, especially around capital requirements. bankera successful obtaining the relevant banking licenses, its operations will still limited the size the capital base. therefore, important that bankera enter the market with sufficient capital enjoy economies scale able compete with existing banks. the calculation capital adequacy ratios requires knowledge about the structure tier and tier capital well the portfolio bank assets, able calculate the capital size well the value risk-weighted assets. illustrate the limitations imposed the minimum requirement the total capital ratio proposed basel iii requirements and the european capital requirement directive (crd) regulations, can assume that bankera only has capital the form common equity. hence, the total allowed value risk-weighted assets (most the loans have weight can calculated as: !"# %"&'( +,-. /(,h( "--(- )"& ","& )"& ","& ,,' )"& ","& +",) however, the minimum capital requirement and the target capital requirement around which higher than the average total capital ratio all banks directly supervised european central bank. result, assuming total capital eur, the max value risk weighted assets (or loans with weight issued) is: !"# %"&'( +,-. /(,h( "--(- =>? =>? value eur assets equivalent loans averaging eur, which still small scale compared existing banks, but good starting point. bankera will leverage its technology offer interest rates even current account balances. investments the future, bankera will start offering various investment solutions for individual clients well businesses. initially, low-cost exchange traded funds will offered for customers; later the offer will expand adding trading, advisory, brokerage, custody, wealth management and other services. most the services, such advisory wealth management solutions, will developed house based using the most advanced artificial intelligence (ai) technologies. for corporates, bankera initially will offer treasury services, which will expand cover most investment banking services required corporate clients including deal financing. financials bankera's revenue can assigned each core group its products: payments, loans and deposits, and investment. https://www.bankingsupervision.europa.eu/banking/statistics/html/index.en.html the payments revenue reflects the revenue from payment processing, card issuance, and foreign exchange. the payments margin for retail customers will only eur top costs faced bankera. the payments margin for business customers will only (and decreasing after five years). the average monthly margin per card expected eur which would mainly include interchange fees (fees paid the card acquirer the issuer, this case, bankera) well maintenance, issuance and other fees. the average lending margin (the difference between interest rate paid depositors and interest rate paid lenders after accounting for unpaid loans and other direct costs) will .%, decreasing within five years. the average margin investment products will .%, decreasing within eight years with the fee mainly being for portfolio management. result, bankera expects eur revenue its first year with stable growth eur within ten years. millions eur total revenue most the costs will consist wages (for employees the first year, growing employees within ten years) well legal and expenses. these estimates are based the current cost structure spectrocoin. millions eur expenses due strong foundation and already operational product and initial client base, bankera expected profitable from day millions eur profit initial coin offering (ico) during the initial coin offering (ico), bankera company will issue virtual currency tokens called bankers (bnk) the blockchain operated smart contract. why ico? there are many arguments why have chosen initial coin offering instead alternatives ways raise money. first, initial coin offer not only allows onboard participants from different regions but also incentivise them promote bankera's products via affiliate commission. second, tokens provide liquidity since they can traded various exchanges after the ico. participants can liquidate their position like holding shares publicly listed company. finally, the tokens' smart contract enables easy distribution weekly affiliate commission, which would hard process without usage blockchain technology. token token holders will able use bankers (bnk) pay for services and products bankera discounted rate. also, they will allocated commission net transaction fees paid bankera and spectrocoin customers weekly basis. net transaction revenue represents the difference between transaction fees paid customers less direct costs associated with the transaction. for example, bankera's client's exchange eur foreign currencies week with average fee and bankera faces average fee the average net transaction revenue will .%, hence token holders will allocated eur commission from foreign currency exchange net fees during that week. allocated commissions will distributed via smart contract holders banker (bnk) tokens. pre-ico during pre-ico only ico tokens will issued finalize the initial version bankera before the full ico. the pre-ico will used determine the hard cap for ico smart contract. the price bnk tokens will eur per token. ico the price bnk tokens will depend the number tokens issued during preico: bnk issued during pre-ico -,, ,,-,, ,,,-,,, ,,,-,,, ,,,-,,, ,,, eur per bnk rate the hard cap (how many tokens will issued) will determined dividing number tokens issued during pre-ico cd?efdg h'i(+ +(jfk ).(. there are also going soft-caps during ico, that the price each token after each chunk ,,, bnk will increase eur. case not all ico tokens will sold, the remainder will distributed pro-rata pre-ico and ico token holders i.e. will mean that all token supply will shared among participants pre-ico and ico. the rest the tokens will distributed during sco (secondary coin offering) the future, but never lower price than eur per bnk price. the tokens will attributed the team motivation well for bounty program for outsiders. the team part tokens will allocated over time. will attributed advisors, who will advise for several years until fully functional bank will operating. hence, the total hardcap for pre-ico and ico ,,, bnk (,,, ,,,) worth eur eur eur) and least eur for the sco. tokens allocation the tokens will allocated among participants the pre-ico, the full ico well management and advisors bankera. pre-ico participants will allocated all tokens issued. ico participants will allocated all tokens issued. sco (secondary coin offering) participants will allocated all tokens. management team and employees will allocated all tokens over time motivational tool align the interest with the value tokens. part these tokens will used bounties during pre-ico, ico and sco. advisors will receive all tokens for their insights and contacts help bankera succeed. pre-ico ico sco management advisors the hardcap will not reached during ico, the remaining tokens will distributed pre-ico and ico participants pro-rata. revenue share the value each token will depend the net transaction revenue commission share paid token's holder each week. the process net transaction revenue share explained below. first net transaction revenues will sent the smart contract every week: second, the smart contract will distribute funds holders bankera's tokens pro-rata (to save fuel costs, token holders will have claim their referral commission from the smart contract): this means, that holder has all outstanding bankera's tokens, will receive all net transaction revenue share. additional benefits participants pre-ico and ico contributing more than eur will eligible receive bankera's card and iban account for free (initially spectrocoin). however, some restrictions might apply depending the country residence the participant, currently, bankera's products are not available globally. timeline upon successful ico, bankera's operator will establish banking licenses within the european union and become issuing bank for payment cards. down the track, bankera's operator will obtain licenses other key jurisdictions, such the united kingdom, japan, singapore and others. terms revenue streams, bankera will initially focus core banking activities such lending and payment processing, following the establishment banking license. the next product option that bankera will introduce will low-cost investment options for clients via etfs. eventually, the bank will offer full range investment services including trading, custody and investment banking services for its clients. bankera will also offer robo-advisory based wealth management services for its clients. the preliminary timeline is: pre-ico the end august, the launch the minimum viable product with working iban and payment cards support midoctober, start ico preparations late september, the end ico the end february. bankera will offer advanced payment processing solution summer applying for banking license autumn getting banking license late starting deposit and lending business mid- (initially from bankera's capital). team bankera has assembled expert management team with diverse range skills. these experts include experts cryptocurrency, banking operations and compliance, blockchain and peer-to-peer technologies, payment processing, artificial intelligence, internet marketing and economics, politics and public relations. the management team has already achieved several milestones including having all the infrastructure place operate electronic money platform with functionality unique iban codes for customers and payment cards well has managed obtain license payment institution. vytautas karalevicius (ceo) currently completing phd cryptocurrencies leuven university belgium. prior that, received mphil degree finance from cambridge university and degree business finance from durham university. currently conducting research the potential blockchain technology for securities transaction lifecycle for the swift institute. previously, has worked bloomberg (london office) management consulting. mantas mockevicius (cco) has more than eight years' experience managing operations and compliance for electronic and digital money exchanges. holds bachelor degree economics and master degree finance. justas dobiliauskas (cto) has nine years' experience developing software for medium and large financial institutions well five years' experience working with blockchain technology and cryptocurrencies. expert technologies and holds masters degree information systems security. craig grant (vp for business development) has experience the payment processing industry including three years working skrill (now part paysafe group) senior business development manager. susana wessling (ui/ux designer) has over five years experience web and graphic design. before coming bankera, she had worked designing social networks for startups. now susana will assist with bankera's website development and will help ensure its usability, design, and overall user experience and, turn, will help the company get one step closer becoming the bank for the blockchain era. egle eidimtaite (vp for business development) has years experience business development the egaming industry. before entering the corporate world, she worked the european parliament. ruta cizinauskaite (vp for marketing) and marketing expert with experience both: corporate and governmental sectors. before coming bankera she has accumulated knowledge social media, seo, project management and sales while working for startup based brussels, embassy and lithuanian government. ruta holds master's degree strategic public relations from lund and stirling universities. tse-hsin (vp for communication) expert digital marketing especially for financial services. she gained her seo and social media experience while working leader spectrocoin market. she gained superior knowledge usa, taiwan and belgium markets while living there. advisors bankera's key asset knowledge, that why have invited top experts relative fields such regulation, politics, development new financial products, finance, machine learning and statistics and public relations members our advisory board. lon wong president nem.io foundation and ceo dragonfly fintech. serial entrepreneur with more than years' experience, lon blockchain thought leader and heads the nem blockchain project. particularly interested designing blockchain solutions for the financial industry large and helped develop nem leading financial blockchain solution the world today. audrius ziugzda has been involved banking for more than years. he's well known financial services long-term executive director skandinaviska enskilda banken (lithuania) and top executive siauliu bank. audrius publicly acknowledged for extensive knowledge and professional insights into m&a sector, banking operations and strategies. eva kaili member european parliament, chair european parliament's scientific foresight unit. she highly interested topics related financial technology, blockchain, decentralization and artificial intelligence. antanas guoga member european parliament, serial entrepreneur and well-known poker player. actively participating political discussions regarding cryptocurrencies and cyber security. modestas kaseliauskas tax partner taxlink baltic (correspondent mazars). particularly interested the trends cryptocurrency taxation worldwide and blockchain utilisation taxation and public sector. modestas has been director general the state tax inspectorate (sti) lithuania (). consulting medium and large enterprises and its shareholders tax strategy, risk management and transparency topics. also provides support during the tax disputes with the tax authorities and advices other tax related matters. prof. jochen weerdt assistant professor information systems, data analytics and business process management the faculty economics and business leuven (belgium). actively involved research the topics process mining, applied data mining, cryptocurrencies, and learning analytics. marc kenigsberg founder bitcoinchaser. has been involved bitcoin since and has years experience online marketing. one the world's largest cryptocurrency affiliates and the founder the bitcoinchaser website and community. marc has worked with various ico's and blockchain businesses, regular speaker conferences around the world and contributor industry leading publications. damon rasheed has been involved many start-up internet businesses. currently, the ceo and founder rate detective. one australia's largest financial comparison sites. damon also expert machine learning and econometrics. damon has strong understanding financial services and internet companies which make him the perfect addition bankera's advisory team. dr. eugene dubossarsky leader the analytics field australia, with years' commercial data science experience. the head the sydney data science group (,+ members), the sydney users forum (,+ members), and datapreneurs members). regularly invited conference presenter, consultant and advisor, and appears print and television discuss data science and analytics. eugene also applies data science entrepreneurial setting, financial trading and online startups, and the creator ggraptr, interactive visualisation package warren lush mastermind public relations online industries (especially gambling). gained his most experience while working head partypoker.