basic attention token (bat) blockchain based digital advertising brave software march abstract digital advertising broken. the marketplace for online advertising, once dominated advertisers, publishers and users, has become overrun "middleman" exchanges, audience segmentation, complicated behavioral and cross-device user tracking, and opaque cross-party sharing through data management platforms. users face unprecedented levels malvertisements and privacy violations. mobile advertising results much per month data charges the average user's data plan, slow page loads, and much less battery life. response, over million mobile devices and desktops (globally) employ blocking software and this number growing. traditional publishers have lost approximately their revenue over the past decade, adjusted for inflation. publishers face falling revenue, users feel increasingly violated, and advertisers' ability assess effectiveness diminished. the solution decentralized, transparent digital exchange based blockchain. the first component brave, fast, open source, privacy-focused browser that blocks third party ads and trackers, and builds ledger system that measures user attention reward publishers accordingly. brave will now introduce bat (basic attention token), token for decentralized exchange. compensates the browser user for attention while protecting privacy. bat connects advertisers, publishers, and users and denominated relevant user attention, while removing social and economic costs associated with existing networks, e.g., fraud, privacy violations, and malvertising. bat payment system that rewards and protects the user while giving better conversion advertisers and higher yield publishers. see bat and associated technologies future part web standards, solving the important problem monetizing publisher content while protecting user privacy. contents value proposition introduction inefficient and troubled market the attention marketplace: new deal: attention-based economics basic attention metrics (bam) token technology tokens used publisher payment tokens for user applications roadmap blockchain business landscape competition bat advantage matrix bat overview key team members token launch token launch summary token distribution user growth pool budget allocation bat faqs appendix more efficient market: coase theorem three-way coasean bargain analysis the stability the bat value proposition propose the bat token exchange secure, anonymous, opt-in advertising system based the browser and the mobile app webview. the bat system provides: users: strong privacy and security when viewing advertisements, improved relevance and performance, and share tokens. publishers: improved revenue, better reporting, and less fraud. advertisers: less expensive customer attention, less fraud, and better attribution. introduction "attention has been widely recognized commodity, like wheat, pork bellies crude oil. existing industries have long depended drive sales. and the new industries the twentieth century turned into form currency they could mint. beginning with radio, each new medium would attain its commercial viability through the resale what attention could capture exchange for its 'free' content." -tim wu, attention brokers the promise advertising technology ("ad-tech") was create more efficient marketplace for attention. the hope was that the internet, the latest kind "new medium," would arrive with transparent and efficient marketplace. theory, excellence would rewarded. the best journalism and entertainment would receive the attention and funding deserved. tech would "get marketers closer their users via data analysis, immediate valuation and distribution." data would used "accurately identify audiences, determine the value those audiences, and deliver the right messages them instantly."[] short, users' attention would valued properly. that didn't happen. instead, the ad-tech ecosystem that has evolved over the last two decades bewildering variety middlemen and complexity. worse, ad-tech introduced host correlated problems for publishers, advertisers and users. users have lost their privacy, face increasing malware, pay high charges download ads, and suffer slow speeds. publishers have lost billions revenue while fraud has skyrocketed. and advertisers face poor reporting and targeting. this paper will review the current state ad-tech and the predicament content producers. will outline new solution that creates transparent and efficient blockchain-based marketplace for publishers, advertisers and users, accurately valuing and rewarding the key driver internet content: durable user attention. inefficient and troubled market thomas davenport and beck note that "attention focused mental engagement particular item information. items come into our awareness, attend particular item, and then decide whether act."[] attention is, this sense, form scarcity, which raises fundamental economic questions, which shall address momentarily. advertising, throughout history, has been used the primary mechanism capture attention, raise level interest incite some desire that can then translate into action otherwise known aida.[] the earliest forms advertising date ancient china, egypt and the middle ages europe. the print form advertising began expand widely with the growth century printed products. this marketplace advertisers, publishers and users remained relatively straightforward despite some additions even the new media radio and television arose. the rise the internet brought the development new level advertising technology with the promise higher speed and better information, two critical elements that had the potential radically improve the efficiency the attention marketplace. somewhat counter-intuitively, the sheer complexity and opacity that organically developed has brought the opposite result. the system isn't working should. the chief brand officer the largest advertiser, p&g, said recently: "the days giving digital pass are over. it's time grow up. it's time for action."[] especially the last decade, the advertising ecosystem has become more complex and crowded, with many more players taking piece the advertising pie, either directly indirectly. the complexity this ecosystem increases the cost headcount and difficulty the tasks for the digital marketing teams the advertiser's side. the other end the system, the typical publisher faces both shrinking market for the ad-blocker-free attention, and shrinking slice the advertising revenue pie due the multitude third party players who act economic middlemen the transaction. the attention marketplace: sales planners currently budgeting for brand advertising are required account for excessive number intermediaries that stand between the and the end user. agencies, trading desks, demand side platforms, desktop and mobile network exchanges, yield optimization, rich media vendors and partnered services often consume significant portions creative and delivery budget. also common for agencies charge packaging brand campaigns use data aggregators, data management platforms, data suppliers, analytics, measurement and verification services fight fraud, enhance targeting, and confirm attribution. these factors add high transaction cost the efficient provision attention brand campaigns. publishers also face number costs and intermediaries the receiving side the ads served. publishers pay serving fees, operational fees for campaign setup, deployment and monitoring, publisher analytics tools; also they give substantial revenue some the same intermediaries that the brand advertisers use via programmatic ads. publishers face direct costs user complaints when malvertising spreads from exchanges loyal readers, often with little idea origin and with help from the exchanges responsible for allowing such ads serve from their systems. these diminish net revenue the overall complexity the advertising ecosystem raises headcount and expense. there hidden cost this complexity. single unit may bounce across many networks, buy and sell-side servers, verification partners and data management platforms. publishers lose revenue from each middleman transaction. each one these transactions also detracts from the user experience. many the middle players involve data transfers, which add latency. any transfers done via script page eat into the user's data plan and battery life mobile. users often find their experience further diminished when the results finally arrive, confounded bewildering array distracting ads the publisher allowed placed hope greater revenue. addition, the violation user privacy exacts significant social cost; economists have compared violations user privacy analogous environmental pollution.[] according pew research, "fully adults agree strongly agree that users have lost control how personal information collected and used companies."[] large majority, believe that the "government should more regulate advertisers" regarding how they use and store personal information. this not surprising, given that visit popular media site can often have trackers set loose the reader. fraud also major problem afflicting the advertising marketplace. hackers create malicious bots that produce bogus websites that fool advertisers. internet "bots," figure typical digital flow figure typical tracking large content sites figure data transferred data elements news sites remote-controlled software running compromised personal computers cloud infrastructure programmed engage criminal activities -siphon billions dollars each year from the industry. according business intelligence: "these bots create websites filled with infringed content and generate fake traffic through complex network infected computers. fraud created internet bots expected cost advertisers billion, from billion according report from the association national advertises (ana) and white ops."[] there sign this level fraud leveling off reducing. advertisers face fraud, while users are increasingly encountering malvertisements. malvertisements are fake ads that trick users into clicking them and then downloading malicious code, including ransomware. they can also entice users visit fake domains used steal financial information. according riskiq report released last year, "malvertising advert rates [rose] from the sites most frequently hit malvertising, according bromium[], are news and entertainment sites. web users are also not fully aware the costs they pay for privilege seeing advertisements. according business intelligence, one study found that mobile data transferred during visits popular publishers was result ads. the researchers compared data usage when full page loaded without blocker, with blocker, and with blocker and javascript disabled. the article noted that the researchers concluded that "advertising accounts for half all the data used publisher pages loaded over mobile data networks" during the tests. the average smartphone user consumes .gb month. based carrier plans for gb, this means that average users end paying month download ads, trackers, scripts and other related data.[] figure sites most frequently hit malvertising figure content loading cost comparison figure blocker growth device study the new york times found the data used advertising resulted significant download times and costs across top publishing sites. one extreme, www.boston.com took seconds for advertising and seconds for editorial. the article concluded that removing ads saved "more than five seconds loading time over typical cell connection" for the articles studied. the data load the ads came with financial cost well the price for the advertising content often outweighs that editorial material. the sum total malvertisements, load times, data costs, battery life, and privacy loss has driven users adopt ad-blocking software. this further reduces publisher revenues and leaves the remaining ad-viewing audience even harder target. blockers are growing problem for publishers. studies confirm that users blocking software prefer the simplicity navigation ad-free nearly ad-free content. over million mobile and desktop devices now use blocking, according pagefair. projected that americans will use blocker []. younger users are also more likely adopt blocking technology, making the longterm financial impact this technology worse than appears first glance[]. this "perfect storm" for publishers has only gotten worse over the last few years google and facebook have taken more and more share advertising revenues. together they claim over online digital revenue, and astounding all growth from total online budget[]. the increased attention for publishers brought google and facebook would seem net positive. but the traffic driven social media lower quality than direct links. users who arrive news site from social media typically only engage with the site for third[] figure demographics blocker usage the time compared those who are direct visitors. distributed content hosting makes only publisher revenues, with the majority the revenue coming from youtube[]; many publishers have experienced serious commodification problems with these platforms. advertisers these platforms also face serious challenges. the sheer size the platforms make them opaque and difficult assess the effectiveness advertising campaigns their platforms. since most the analytics products targeting these platforms are provided the platform owner, principal-agent conflicts arise. some advertisers have decided that traffic coming from the walled gardens isn't worth the trouble. some have even suggested based third party analytics that large proportion the traffic without value the advertiser[]. effort expand their walled gardens and reinforce market dominance traffic and data otherwise ingested from users directly the publisher domain, major platform players have begun offering alternative content delivery channels with claims incentivized placement and faster, more secure user experience. while facebook instant articles, google amp project and apple news delivery channels were initially presented publishers opportunities extend reach and visibility, they ultimately diminish publishers' control their brand narratives and reader relationships, and divert direct attention away from publisher sites over the long run. generally speaking, the publishing industry faces existential threat. legacy publishers have faced declining revenues for decades. pressures publishers create content optimized for clicks has resulted cut-backs long form articles, investigative journalism, and foreign news bureaus, and has spawned the much lamented social cost revealingly named "clickbait." this dysfunctional dynamic has been noticed across the industry. marketing budgets continue climb[], yet publisher revenues are static shrinking[]. this indicates serious market inefficiencies which can repaired with figure revenue for google facebook others figure the fall newspaper revenue simplified and more efficient economic system based new technologies. new deal: attention-based economics blockchain the diversity middle-men and the lack value-add the publisher and user make some sort simplification the present online advertising ecosystem inevitable. present trends are toward oligopoly where gatekeeper companies such google and facebook control the entire online marketing budget with publishers powerless control their revenues. also, users continue adopt blocking technology the consequent shrinking the remaining ad-funded market seems inevitable. the reality remains: user attention valuable, but hasn't been properly priced with efficient and transparent market system. while has become platitude that vast amounts information are generated and the internet, human beings are only able devote limited amount attention certain small subsets the information. information the modern age relatively cheap. human attention paid the information the rare quantity. herbert simon put influential article: information-rich world, the wealth information means dearth something else: scarcity whatever that information consumes. what information consumes rather obvious: consumes the attention its recipients. hence wealth information creates poverty attention and need allocate that attention efficiently among the overabundance information sources that might consume it." ultimately, publisher provides information which may value the user. users give attention the publisher return for information that they value with their attention. present, the publisher paid monetizing attention via complex network intermediary players through networks and other such tools. the publisher isn't paid directly for the attention given the user. the publisher actually paid for the indirectly measured attention given users ads. publishers are used working with this model for print ads, but web ads remain problematic for many the reasons stated above. users are subjected the negative externalities that come with the present advertising ecosystem. users thus suffer form "electronic pollution" consisting threats security, threats privacy, costs inefficient download times, financial costs extra mobile data fees, and the case the many ads, excessive costs their attention. human attention can exhausted, until dopamine levels recover. neurons can and learn ignore slots (so-called "banner blindness"). abuse user attention and permanent loss users, via ad-slot blindness and ad-blocker adoption, make attention different from substitutable commodities such pork bellies crude oil, the final analysis. while most users may willing pay some price for access the publisher's information, user attention mispriced when sum the growing negative externalities imposed the present advertising ecosystem. basic attention metrics (bam) improve the efficiency digital advertising requires new platform and unit exchange. the first phase involves the roll-out new browser, brave, fast, open source, privacy-focused browser that blocks invasive ads and trackers, and contains ledger system that anonymously measures user attention accurately reward publishers. the next phase involves the introduction basic attention token bat. token for the decentralized exchange. bat connects advertisers, publishers, and users, creating new, efficient marketplace. the token based ethereum technology, open source, blockchain-based distributed computing platform with smart contracts. these cryptographically secure smart contracts are stateful applications stored the ethereum blockchain, fully capable enforcing performance. the token derived from denominated user attention. attention really just focused mental engagement advertisement, this case. the ability privately monitor user intent the browser level allows for the development rich metrics for user attention. for example, known whether impression has been served active tab, and measure the seconds active user engagement. attention measured viewed for content and ads only the browser's active tab real time. the attention value for the will calculated based incremental duration and pixels view proportion relevant content, prior any direct engagement with the ad. will define further anonymous cost-per-action models the system develops. in-device machine learning will match truly relevant ads content from level that middlemen with cookies and third party tracking are unable achieve, regardless how much the user data extracted and monitored from external models. these external models are still unable track transactions well enough not serve ads for products users have often already purchased. user engagement through genuine feedback mechanisms ensures that users that have opted for bat are getting the best possible product match that they're most likely convert into transaction. ultimately comes down trust and respect with and for the user. keeping the data the device only, encrypting the data and shielding the identities our users core principle, bat forms bond with users that proves that not only does their data hold value, holds substantial value that has been ignored and exploited the middlemen year after year the current industry model. several scoring algorithms have been tried with the brave donation ledger system, which automatically donates amount proportional the attention given website. one the metrics suggested total views advertising content active window, for least seconds each. hits this nature would calculated -day moving window. another suggested metric the "concave" score[]. this score which rewards publisher for thresholded and bounded function the amount time spent with the open and active page. for example, one "point" could awarded for two second view the page, with two points for second view, and for second view, with diminishing bounded returns for longer views. figure basic attention metric score over time the present implementation the concave score, which being used distribute attention metered donations the publishers, thresholded, time limited quadratic score. the formula follows: duration score where and duration measured milliseconds. this gives minimum threshold seconds achieve score the upper bound set around minutes attention given the article, with maximum score for given piece content this can seen figure another potential metric targeted based subset keywords purchased the advertising partner end, combined with the attention metric, essentially selling the attention along with advertising topic. expect publishers and advertisers suggest new metrics user attention surfaced, and encourage other vendors build the topic progress. token technology the basic attention token (bat), token based ethereum, important element new marketplace. ethereum open source, blockchain-based, distributed computing platform oriented towards smart contracts. effectively, ethereum dis- figure value flow the basic attention token tributed virtual machine that allows end users construct smart contracts for transactions. smart contracts are stateful applications stored the ethereum blockchain. these contracts are cryptographically secure and can verify enforce performance the contract. token contracts are standard feature the ethereum ecosystem. ethereum has been used for mobile payment systems, distributed exchanges, tokens pegged commodities and fiat currencies, market clearing mechanisms, micropayment systems for distributed computing resources, commodities and securities exchanges, crowdfunding, and legal document verification. large firms have invested and deployed ethereum, with morgan, deloitte, ibm, santander bank, microsoft, the luxembourg stock exchange, and the royal bank scotland being key early adopters. micropayments using bat will accomplished for the first stage deployment with the brave micropayments ledger. each viewed will verified the browser using the bam. this flow shows the conceptual flow the bat payments. the flow the bat payments will not follow this chart precisely first iterations the bat payment system the payments will regulated the brave ledger system, but the total effect will the same. the high-level concept the advertiser sends payment token along with ads users locked state xa. the users view the ads, the flow payments unlocks, keeping part the payment for their own wallet (xu), and passing shares the payment brave (xb) and passing the remainder the publisher (xa-xu-xb). the bat will, early stages, specifically tied brave browsers and brave servers, along with verified publishers. fraud will prevented reduced publication source code and cryptographically secure transactions. ads served individual browser/users will also rate-limited and tied active windows and tabs. payments bat will sent only publishers, though payment for viewing one publisher may used another publisher kept for some other premium services supplied through the bat system. tokens used publisher payment publisher payment will through the bat system. for the first deployment bat, the transactions bat will take place through the brave ledger system, which open source zero knowledge proof scheme presently deployed allow brave users make anonymous donations publishers using bitcoin the medium exchange. the brave ledger system uses the anonize[] algorithm protect user privacy. for the first incarnation bat, all payments bat must have publisher endpoint. the publisher client coded today already measures user attention described above. the "concave" awarding mechanism calculates attention score based fixed threshold value for opening and viewing the page for minimum seconds, and bounded score for the amount time spent the page. synopsis user behavior then sent back the brave ledger system for recording and payments made the basis the scores. much the infrastructure required deploy bat the back end presently code complete, place and being used distribute donations based user attention. such, this infrastructure will leveraged deploy bat soon possible for testing, user, and advertiser feedback. fully distributed ledger desirable, both for public accountability and potential scalability reasons. publishers, advertisers and users the bat token will have incentive use such system keep track payments within the bat system. state channels allow for multiple small transactions with strong anonymity guarantees when using the correct matching algorithms. while raiden and other state channel schemes are becoming integrated with the ethereum ecosystem, and new blockchains such zcash and monero offer stronger privacy guarantees with rapidly increasing feature sets, likely that new scheme addressing the unique problems this type transaction will used for large scale multiparty transfer bat. lottery system may used, where small payments are made probabilistically, with payments happening essentially the same way that coin mining works with proof attention instead proof work[, bolt[], zero knowledge snark[] stark[] algorithms may become part this stack for guarding privacy participants. the bat situation mitigated the fact that the privacy the browser customer primary importance; publishers and advertisers have fewer privacy concerns. the transactions fully distributed bat system will almost always one many and many one, therefore novel zero-knowledge transactions may suggested this arrangement. brave moves fully distributed micropayment system, expect other devel opers use our free and open source infrastructure develop their own use cases for bat. want bat and the tools associated with eventually become important web standards for future development web content. publishers, advertisers and users who view web content deserve private, secure and well-engineered future. tokens for user applications users are given access some the advertising spend bat, they will become important and active part the advertising and publishing economy, rather than the passive participants they are presently treated as. while tokens can donated individual content providers and publishers, there are any number use cases for the tokens. obvious use case for very specific targeted advertising. many small businesses have modest requirements which may well served tokens they acquire through their normal browsing activities. users may also find new uses with low barrier entry highly targeted ads; personal ads targeting people religion subculture for example. some publishers may have premium content they would ordinarily only offer subscribers. since subscription models are not typically favored users the internet, this could unlock new revenue for premium content providers. content may also bought for friends using the token; someone likes premium article, they can make micropayment send three their friends. higher quality content may also offered users for bat transaction. for example, higher quality video audio entertainment channel, some kind summary headlines news source. video audio content news other information source may restricted people who pay small micropayment. comments may ranked voted using bat tokens, similar the "thumbsup/thumbsdown" some comment sections. comment votes backed bat may given more credibility due the fact that someone cared enough back the comment with what would limited supply token, well the fact that token transfer can verified coming from real people rather than robots. the right post comments may also purchased for some minimal payment, cut down abusive commenters. eventually, bat may used within the brave ecosystem purchase digital goods such high resolution photos, data services, publisher applications which are only needed one-time basis. many publishers have access interesting data sets and tools which they are not able monetize subscription basis, but which individuals may wish occasionally use. for example, firms such pro publica, citzen audit and gartner contain interesting public data and premium content, but many individuals find subscription too costly. small parts news archives may also interest people who not want purchase access subscription the entire archive. bat may also used games provided publishers within the brave ecosystem. while such applications are not presently popular with publishers, many platform providers have hosted profitable gaming applications. could create new economy app creators along with content. for example, 'punch the political/entertainment figure' games along with critical articles. people won't get out their credit card use such application, but they may willing part with some value they acquired normal browsing activities enjoy punching their favorite entertainment figure. custom news alerts may offered service news providers for small payment bat within the ecosystem. such news alerts may very valuable individuals who are concerned with current events, financial news some anticipated event. roadmap pre bat: brave already has anonymized ledger system for making donations and payments publishers based user attention. the secure vault using the anonize algorithm ensure customer privacy important piece the bat ecosystem which already place and deployed brave. brave already measuring user attention the browser level and distributing donations the publishers using this system. bat: bat wallet integrated with the brave browser. verification and transactions handled brave's internal zero knowledge proof ledger system protect individual user anonymity from advertisers, publishers and third parties. inventory will valued, and transactions will calculated from reported basic attention metric (bam) data. beyond bat: make the transfer and verification process entirely distributed ethereum using state channel scheme with zero knowledge proof protocol for ensuring user privacy. add alternate bam metrics based advertiser feedback. this will allow for full user privacy well decentralized audit trail for advertisers, users and publishers ensure they received correct payments for the advertising delivered through the bat network. browser platform/bat: further bam metrics based advertiser feedback needed. partners building applications the bat infrastructure. also, this point plan explore value-added services that can offered users the browser platform through bat. business landscape competition reddit gold premium membership program, granting access extra features improve experience. reddit major publisher, but this program designed and limited reddit. does not offer publishers mechanism for publishers and users monetize through the use blockchain-based token. steem social-media and blogging platform lets users earn revenue when they receive upvotes. kind monetized reddit. steem does use blockchain, but not generalized means for publishers and users rewarded for content. short, not blockchain-based digital platform. specific the steem platform. blendle kind itunes for journalism, offering micropayments per-story basis. gives readers collection stories based preferences. brave and bat not curate anything. users merely about their business the web and publishers are rewarded. blendle not token-based digital advertising platform. google search engine company that makes most its revenue from digital advertising. google the center the existing digital advertising ecosystem. they benefit from the complexity and opaqueness that defines it. bat intends empower the very users and publishers that are receiving less than they should. google does not have blockchain-based tokenized system offering rewards. users are often unaware how their privacy compromised using google. bat advantage matrix present ecosystem user frustration over loading time walled gardens bandwidth wasted screen clutter irrelevant ads security issues viewability problems/attribution advertiser uncertainty about delivery cpm/click based reader attention not valued publisher revenues lowering expensive buys due middlemen complex/expensive viewability metrics user's privacy violated bat token payments fast loads free software, open source infrastructure low bandwidth overhead uncluttered screen ads tuned user interests malware secure attribution/attention score perfect delivery certainty attention-based reader paid for attention larger publisher revenues efficient buys simple/free viewability metric perfect user privacy bat overview the basic attention token (bat) was developed address the broken digital advertising market. bat, erc token built top ethereum, will the unit exchange new, decentralized, open source and efficient blockchain-based digital advertising platform. the ecosystem, advertisers will give publishers bats based the measured attention users. users will also receive some bats for participating. they can donate them back publishers use them the platform. this transparent system keeps user data private while delivering fewer but more relevant ads. publishers experience less fraud while increasing their percentage rewards. and advertisers get better reporting and performance. the first part the solution, the brave browser, already operational. brave fast, open source, privacy-focused browser that blocks invasive ads and trackers, and contains ledger system that anonymously measures user attention aggregate accurately reward publishers. the next step introducing bat. currently, plan utilize the brave browser for bat, but other developers are free utilize other browsers. brave more than browser: defends your data your devices and synchronizes your personal and private browsing profile across devices using client-side encryption. your data, studied and abstracted on-device-only machine learning, provides you with private and anonymous options get compensated for your attention. brave cuts out all third-party trackers and middle-players, eliminating data leakage, malware risk, and excessive fee-taking. brave does this while providing publishers with substantially larger revenue share than they are receiving existing inefficient and opaque marketplaces. brave thus aims reset the online ad-based web ecosystem, giving advertisers, publishers and customers win-win solution whose components and protocols can become future web standards. key team members brendan eich, ceo, co-founded brave. created javascript. co-founded mozilla firefox. brian bondy, lead developer, co-founded brave. previously: khan academy, mozilla, evernote. scott locklin, senior engineer, co-founded kerf software. machine learning, forecasting quantitative finance. bradley richter, head design, previously: efi/fiery, co-creator: ebeam luidia, percipo. advising circullio. catherine corre, head communications, previously: aol, netscape. marshall rose, senior engineer, phd from irvine, co-creator snmp and was with the internet engineering task force. brian johnson, senior engineer, was previously power and korrelate. luke mulks, senior ad-tech specialist, for technical incident response, investigation, support issue resolution for tech and the brave browser. developing/advising tech and tracking threats that brave shields users from (pr/blog). aubrey keus, senior engineer, previously: pulse. yan zhu, senior engineer, eff fellow. previously: yahoo, tor project, https everywhere, privacy badger. token launch token launch summary our goal raise maximum million usd and minimum million usd. some the numbers may change with eth/usd exchange rates and volatility, but the following numbers are best effort estimates may maximum financing: eth -this may change with exchange rates. minimum financing: eth. exchange rate: eth basic attention tokens (bat) -this may change with eth exchange rates. token contract address: tbd (published through various channels hrs before crowdsale launch date). launch date and time: pst may block number token launch time-frame: days (based blocknumber ,,). token launch completion: token launch will end when either the maximum number eth are raised block number reached. less than the minimum eth are raised, eth can retrieved holders bat. token distribution brave: max; million bat. user growth pool: million bat. token available public launch: billion (corresponding the eth raised token launch). user growth pool user growth fund used incentivize users participate the bat ecosystem. million endowment for early adopters brave and the bat bat/user. bat received reward can only used within the bat ecosystem for value added services. unused bat after months will sent back the user growth fund which can then used for new users. existing brave users can get tokens updating their app and verifying phone number. new tokens will created once the user growth pool exhausted. figure budget allocation eth raised budget allocation bat team: budget the team consists just over engineers. this financing allows for the rollout the bat solution, including the necessary adjustments and development the existing brave browser technology. administration: budget consists bat legal, security, accounting and other associated administration costs. marketing: budget marketing will focus expanding awareness and adoption the brave browser and the bat solution among users, publishers and advertisers. this also includes the growth and maintenance the world-wide community. contractors: budget these funds will directed third-party providers offering engineering, marketing, growth-hacking, pr, partnerships, affiliate programs and more. contingency: budget this set-aside for unforseen costs. bat faqs what does bat stand for and what it? basic attention token. the bat, token based the ethereum technology, unit exhange new blockchain based digital advertising system. user attention anonymously monitored the brave browser and publishers are rewarded accordingly with bats. users also get share bats for participating. what bats represent? bats are tokens new blockchain and attention-based digital advertising platform. they are not refundable, nor are they securities for speculation. there promise future performance. there suggestion promise that bat has will hold particular value. bats give rights the company and not represent participation the company. bats are sold functional good. any value received company may spent without conditions. bats are meant only for experts cryptographic tokens and blockchain-based software systems. what amount being raised? whats the cap tokens? will there follow-on offering? are targeting raise much million usd and cap billion tokens. not plan have follow-on offering. what crypto-currencies are accepted the crowdsale? eth will accepted the crowdsale. you will required have ethereum wallet pointed the token/crowdsale address participate the crowdsale. bat are ethereum derived tokens. you hold btc some other crypto-currency can exchanged for eth and used participate the crowdsale. when will the crowdsale happen? we're working with security auditors finalize the contract. when they have completed their analysis will announce the date. note that the bat crowdsale parameters will tied blocknumber, times will depend ethereum mining rates. the contract will pushed ethereum mainnet days before the crowdsale starts. we'll also give people week interact with the contract ropsten/testnet. what the price bat? bat will fixed ratio eth. this may vary slightly with eth volatility get closer the contract deployment date. the exchange rate will bat per eth. how will brave use eth raised during token launch? the eth received the crowdsale will used brave software build out the blockchain-based digital advertising system, which uses bats unit exchange. how will brave store eth? brave will use the standard ethereum multisig wallet store eth. are bat tokens transferable? crowdsale tokens are immediately transferable. tokens used the browser may only donated used pay publishers for premium content for other services. tokens may also used publishers for promotions. appendix more efficient market: coase theorem problems involving social and transactions costs have been studied economists. ronald coase was awarded the nobel prize economics for his work the allocation radio frequency resources.[] modern problems ad-tech are addressable using the work coase and subsequent commenters his idea. present, the effects today's overcomplicated advertising ecosystem negative externality "social cost" for the user. the user's privacy invaded, the browsing experience compromised, and even the limited supply internet bandwidth mobile devices depleted the present state this ecosystem. effectively, the market for user attention has become inefficient; the transaction costs advertisers purchasing attention have become too high. the widespread adoption blocking technology adds negative externality the publishers well. everyone blocked advertisements, there would little content left exchange for user attention, publishers out business. efficient market for attention would remove these negative externalities, compensate all parties the transaction efficient way. the coase theorem states that trade externality "social cost" possible. there are sufficiently low transaction costs, information symmetry, and well defined property rights, bargaining will lead pareto-efficient outcome regardless the initial allocation property. the standard textbook example the coase theorem consists factory which produces pollution side-effect the manufacturing process, and neighboring landowner who suffers from the pollution. the case where the neighbor owns the pollution rights; marginal cost production, price for pollution permit, marginal cost function for the manufacturer the case. neighbor has valuation for clean environment, and the sale pollution permits entails loss c)), the neighbor finds the price pollution permits maximizing net benefit max{( c))p c))} the benefit maximization giving the price -c+n -c-n and the units bought the factory the factory has the entire property right, the neighbor effectively purchases some share the pollution right from the factory which doesn't use. the neighbor wants buy units. the factory maximizes its net benefit with max{( n))p nu))} the factory's profit maximization the price still -c+n for coase's theorem hold symmetrically, requires well-defined property rights. definition, the user's attention the valued quantity. the user can make the decision block ads from given publisher, choose forgo interacting with publisher altogether. this makes obvious that attention belongs users facto and notwithstanding the efforts some publishers and advertising firms assert ownership user attention jure. even commonplace situations where user attention jure required, facto, users still own their own attention. for example, attention required while the safety demonstration given airline flight, but people often ignore anyway. another requirement for validity the symmetric version coase's theorem information symmetry. information asymmetry between publishers, advertisers and users has kept the existing advertising ecosystem place for some time, but can see from the growing use ad-blockers, the information asymmetries the user side are crumbling. present, advertisers and publishers have severe information asymmetry that most the metrics they use assess campaign effectiveness are indirect and administered middlemen whose interests are not aligned with the interests one both parties. complex "viewability" metrics create unnecessary conflict between advertisers and publishers. there technical reason for this information asymmetry; can mitigated with better technology, particular browser technology the endpoint where all the data can measured privately and confirmed anonymously. the final requirement, which only soft requirement for coasean analysis the case well-defined property rights, that low transaction costs. the coasean transaction cost refers the cost negotiating deal which can suit all parties dispute involving social costs. with the existing ecosystem, the transaction costs are impossibly high, with advertisers, publishers and users unable come terms. our example present-day networks, have potential coasean bargain between publishers and users, with better outcome for advertisers well. coasean solution the attention economy inefficiencies for publishers and users for advertisers pay publishers actual attention given the publisher the user. advertisers will pay the publisher for share the valuable attention the user pays the publisher. readers also will directly compensated for their valued attention. figure bat digital flow the "pollution" privacy invasiveness, slow browsing and data costs can almost completely mitigated. advertisers will know their messages are delivered without having resort complex arguments about "viewability." publishers will not experience the negative externalities from the growing problem blocker adoption. various proxies have been developed advertisers and publishers attempt measure user attention using indirect techniques "viewability," but the advent adblocking technologies and the increasing problem fraud from non-human entities have cast doubt such methods. more direct technique would pay publishers via cryptographically secure methods, and serve the directly the browser. since the browser ultimately measures how the user interacts with the website better than any indirect meddling intermediaries, involving the browser software itself the process provides accurate measures user attention bestowed the publisher and advertiser. the browser also provides much richer data set for understanding what the individual user interested in. the brave browser will contain opt-in and transparent machine learning algorithms for assessing user interests. while campaign targeted financial publisher may have value the broad interests the overall readership the publisher, individual readers can given ads tailored their individual and even private preferences. for example, sending for discount bond brokers people who are following the markets municipal bond issues. the user who reading about tech stocks and who has interest municipal bonds won't receive the ad. the advertiser will effectively target the precise microsegment they are interested reaching. the user receives more relevant ads while interest lasts, and private interests are not revealed publishers advertisers. the idea that user attention should have monetary value familiar both publish ers and advertisers. the idea publishers and particularly users being paid directly for attention bestowed the publisher novel. since the valuable commodity user attention, makes economic sense that the user compensated for their attention. one could justify this compensation for the externalities imposed users the advertising ecosystem. one could also justify this the fact that one more likely perform action one compensated for it. there also confirmation that the actual user attention bestowed the publisher via the addition cryptographic contracts built blockchain this advertising stack. the code open source and can reviewed researchers and interested parties the advertiser and publisher sides. since the transactions for the first deployment bat will happen through the brave ledger, which has privacy and deterministic user anonymity design, full transparency can achieved while user privacy maintained. while this centralized solution should fulfill economic and technical goals, for further iterations, decentralized solution could developed allow for trustless auditable transactions. while paying user look publisher content may seem heretical advertisers, the reality the advertiser paying someone. removing the vast field middlemen who add value the user/publisher relationship allows for situation where the user may compensated for valuable attention (made more valuable and relevant measures user interest the browser) with impact advertiser costs and positive impact publisher revenues. from financial point view, this could seen variation some other kind short term promotion: advertisers regularly provide coupons and rebates products. promotions not solve the problem informing the user the advertiser's product the first place. promotions also don't induce user loyalty engagement. most cmos agree that short term sales can improved with promotions, but sustainable competitive advantage can't achieved using promotions, hence the use advertisements. three-way coasean bargain the three-way coase theorem source much research interest among economists. the existence "empty cores" some situations have called into question the applicability the coase theorem real world examples involving multiple distinct players[]. while there are many more than three participants the online market, can idealize them consisting three participants: the advertiser, the publisher and the user. this analysis useful for understanding the game theoretic considerations, for addressing any "empty core" arguments against the proposed coasean bargain, well for illustrating the dire state the publishing industry. propose the basic attention token (bat), cryptographically-secure token, the medium exchange for facilitating this coasean bargain while protecting the privacy the user. the advertiser wants purchase user attention. this broadly analogous the "cost production" the exposition the coase theorem above, whose notation follow. the advertiser values the user attention with price caa the publisher wishes monetize the attention cap paid the website. the user who views the website values the content the website with attention cac advertisers and publishers the present ecosystem have transaction costs associated with monetization attention. publishers are paid advertisers provide user attention. the intermediaries the present system create costs therefore cap pac every user different, and course, the publishers and advertisers vary well, but the existence and growth large population users for whom cac pac advantageous the publisher and advertiser. effectively the advertiser and the publisher combined are the factory this argument, and the user owns the pollution rights. however, the user also values the product the publisher. the degenerate case where cac r(stbat hence, using our above relationship, get the relationship between the expected future value the bat, the interest rate and the velocity transfers the bat economy: ttbat bat vtbat so, people hold bat the discounted expected value exceeds the hypothetical value the current exchange rate. so, the exchange rate function future expected value bat bat (||st+ ||) bat bat (||st+ ||)) thus, the bat holdings are the discounted expected future exchange rate minus the risk premium for the uncertainty future value the bat. the model holds, and can used define supply and demand for bat. since bat not time dependent the case bat, the time varying exchange rate can readily understood terms bat transactions and opinions future utility bat transactions. bat transactions increase, the exchange rate becomes dominated the transactions rather than future expectations utility. this dynamic has been observed maturing virtual currencies well various other in-house token systems. while models are imprecise, this model argues for long term price stability token mediated economy. bat stbat (||st+ references mit technology review and vigilant. "navigating planet tech: guide for marketers". in: mit technology review (oct. url: https www technologyreview.com/s//navigating-planet-ad-tech/. h.; beck davenport. the attention economy: understanding the new currency business. harvard business school press, isbn: wikipedia. aida (marketing). [online; accessed -january-]. url: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/aida_(marketing). jack neff. "p&g tells digital clean up, lays down new rules for agencies and tech get paid". in: advertising age (jan. url: http://adage. com article media pritchard calls digital grow new rules//. paul sholtz. "transaction costs and the social costs online privacy". in: first monday (may url: http://firstmonday.org/issues/issue_/ sholtz/index.html. lee rainie. "the state privacy post-snowden america". in: pew research center facttank (sept. url: http www pewresearch org fact tank////the-state-of-privacy-in-america/. margaret boland. cyber criminals are stealing billions from the industry each year. [online; accessed -january-]. url: http://www.businessinsider. com/the-ad-fraud-report-bot-traffic--. hillary tuttle. "the rise malvertising". in: risk management monitor (aug. url: http://www.riskmanagementmonitor.com/the-rise-of-malvertising/. rob leathern. "carriers are making more from mobile ads than publishers are". in: medium (oct. url: https://medium.com/@robleathern/carriersare-making-more-from-mobile-ads-than-publishers-are-ddcb\ #.aiwhsls. emarketer. blocking jump double digits this year. [online; accessed -january-]. june url: https://www.emarketer.com/article/usad-blocking-jump-by-double-digits-this-year/. interactive advertising bureau. blocking: who blocks ads, why and how win them back. tech. rep. interactive advertising bureau, url: http //www.iab.com/wp-content/uploads///iab-ad-blocking--whoblocks-ads-why-and-how-to-win-them-back.pdf. mathew ingram. "how google and facebook have taken over the digital industry". in: fortune (jan. url: http://fortune.com//// google-facebook-ad-industry/. mark jurkowitz amy mitchell and kenneth olmstead. social, search and direct: pathways digital news. tech. rep. pew research center, mar. url: http: //www.journalism.org////social-search-direct/. digital content next research team. dcns distributed content revenue benchmark report. tech. rep. digital content next, jan. url: https://digitalcontentnext. org blog dcns distributed content revenue benchmark report/. youexec. google facebook traffic useless. [online; accessed -january]. jan. url: https youexec com dev google facebook-ads-traffic-is-useless. chris pemberton. gartner cmo spend survey shows marketing budgets continue climb. tech. rep. gartner research, dec. url: https www gartner com smarterwithgartner gartner cmo spend survey --shows-marketing-budgets-continue-to-climb/. jack simpson. publishers describe their digital revenue shrinking static. tech. rep. econsultancy, oct. url: https://econsultancy.com/ blog/--of-publishers-describe-their-digital-ad-revenue-asshrinking-or-static/. dimitri defigueiredo. github discussion concave score. may url: https: //github.com/brave/ledger/issues/#issuecomment-. myers pass hohenberger and shelat. "an overview anonize: large-scale anonymous survey system". in: ieee security and privacy (), pp. abhi shelat rafael pass. "micropayments for decentralized currencies". in: ccs proceedings the acm sigsac conference computer and communications security (), pp. matthew green jingcheng liu ian miers peihan miao pratyush mishra alessandro chiesa. "decentralized anonymous micropayments". in: eurocrypt (th international conference the theory and applications cryptographic techniques) (). ian miers matthew green. "bolt: anonymous payment channels for decentralized currencies". in: iacr cryptology eprint archive (). jens groth. "short pairing-based non-interactive zero-knowledge arguments". in: proceedings theth international conference the theory and application cryptology and information security,asiacrypt (), pp. iddo ben-tov alessandro chiesa ariel gabizon daniel genkin matan hamilis evgenya pergament michael riabzev mark silberstein eran tromer eli bensasson and madars virza. "computational integrity with public random string from quasi-linear pcps". in: eurocrypt (th international conference the theory and applications cryptographic techniques) (). reed hundt. statement reed hundt, chairman the federal communications commission spectrum policy management before the subcommittee telecommunications, trade and user protection, committee commerce, u.s. house representatives. feb. url: https transition fcc gov speeches/hundt/spreh.html. callen aivazian. "the coase theorem and the empty core". in: journal law and economics pp. wilko bolt and maarten van oordt. the value virtual currencies. tech. rep. working paper no. bank canada, apr. d:z