bastonet project intends execute systematic iteration and development the final application programme such way engage its community for inputs and collaborative feedback. indicative roadmap and developmental processs shown below. kindly note that this roadmap, itself, way final. it's dynamic and will evolve the developmental process proceeds and matures over time. please find below. roadmap sept. nov. social media platform plan (sept., nov. technical product development plan (aug. nov. set twitter and bitcointalk (completed september october token swap, production videos and youtube advertisement and set slack, github and facebook... (may interpretations and advertorial bitcointalk announcement the project chinese, russian and korea (june september recruitment anchor ambassadors for bounty marketing, promotion the bastonet project (august and september contacting airline partners and travel organisation for potential project project partnership (october and november ongoin (etihad airways and south african airways have been contacted, rwandair and some asian airlines are under discussions) august november youtube video bounty (october and november (ongoing announcements has been made the official twitter handle the bastonet project) development and release white paper and technical details the bastonet app. signing contracts with advisors and consultants the project hiring senior developers and front end programmers design the project lifecycle development compponents social media roadshow and start product development. product test version release and testing with selected community members for feedback and further development alpha product. january june development intentions (launching) nov. dec. development intentions initial trial alpha product selected airlines and travel industry stakeholders beta version further development continuous marketing and promotion the project major fintech centres the world. fund raising and further partnership development initial test selective launching the bastonet app. review and updates necessary final release the product into the market.