the scalable confidential cryptocurrency june (rev what beam? beam next generation confidential cryptocurrency based elegant and innovative mimblewimble protocol. things that make beam special include: users have complete control over privacy user decides which information will available and which parties, having complete control over his personal data accordance his will and applicable laws. confidentiality without penalty beam confidential transactions not cause bloating the blockchain, avoiding excessive computational overhead penalty performance scalability while completely concealing the transaction value. trusted setup required. blocks are mined using equihash proof-of-work algorithm. limited emission using periodic halving with total amount coins million. addresses are stored the blockchain information whatsoever about either the sender the receiver transaction stored the blockchain. superior scalability through compact blockchain size using the "cut-through" feature mimblewimble makes the beam blockchain orders magnitude smaller than any other blockchain implementation. beam supports many transaction types such escrow transactions, time locked transactions, atomic swaps and more. premine. ico. backed treasury, emitted from every block during the first five years implemented from scratch c++ team professional developers. introduction since bitcoin, which was the first implementation the idea peer peer electronic cash system proposed satoshi nakamoto back the field crypto currencies and blockchain based systems has exploded producing thousands different projects, technologies and research papers. today one can find such projects ranging from distributed computing enterprise solutions and applied all fields from medicine automotive industries. however, the basic need for people store their money and transact secure way without relying centralized authority still the main use case and the most important, which one the reasons why bitcoin still the top cryptocurrency and influential today was almost ten years ago. bitcoin, most crypto currencies since, your balance represented series transactions which can traced back the very beginning blockchain. order trust the system need make sure that each transaction chain valid, and without relying centralized entity, which the main purpose bitcoin nodes and miners. all participants the system must agree, using more professional terms "reach consensus", official version the transaction history and able without trusting each other anyone else. the ability the system the true strength the bitcoin idea. failure anonymity and the need for confidentiality initially, transactions the bitcoin network were believed anonymous. generating random private and public key pairs, and using the public part form address that could used receive and control transactions, many bitcoin users assumed that nothing that process could link their real identity. they turned out wrong. using blockchain analysis, research has shown that there are always data leaks. these can come from exchanges, merchants, otc deals even collecting and clustering the blockchain data. then possible deanonymize users, and since all data, including transaction amounts, open and permanently stored public ledger, once users identity known all their transactions past and future well their balance, become directly linked them person. this situation far from ideal. both individuals and organizations would prefer that their transactions and balance remain confidential and could only seen only parties specifically authorized them so. this would require limiting the visibility transaction details, including transferred amounts and identities the participants and keeping little information possible about the transactions the public record prevent future analysis and potential disclosure. introducing mimblewimble august new protocol was published anonymous author, suggesting elegant approach the topic efficient confidential blockchain. called mimblewimble, reference spell from harry potter books, and builds upon two concepts originally proposed greg maxwell, namely confidential transactions and transaction cut through. the following high level explanation the key principles mimblewimble. for more detailed explanation please read the original whitepaper. confidential transactions are implemented using cryptographic commitment scheme which has two basic properties: hiding and binding. similar giving someone closed safe box with some message inside that only you know the combination for. when the time comes you can reveal the key and the person can make sure that your commitment valid (binding) while can not know what was before the key received (hiding). mimblewimble utilizes well known commitment scheme called pedersen commitment that achieves this using elliptic curve cryptography and the form c=r*g+v*h where blinding factor, secret key hiding the real value and and are generator point specific elliptic curve. each input and output transaction thus linear combination two factors: actual value the transaction and blinding factor. order transfer ownership utxo (unspent transaction output) sender needs reveal its value and blinding factor the receiver, which turn needs create new output commitment using different blinding factor, known only him. due the linearity property pedersen commitments, have two identical transactions: from and then from can cut through the intermediate transaction, resulting merged transaction from which valid transaction the system. since block just list transactions, each with its list inputs and outputs, block can seen one large transaction well, allowing "cut through" i.e merge all intermediate outputs both within single block well across multiple blocks the blockchain. extending this approach the entire chain, get system that only needs store the current utxo state, instead entire transaction history. validity the history that brought this state can confirmed storing only the headers the previous blocks which hold the proof validity previous states (using structure called merkle tree) and proof work that allows reach consensus which the header chains should considered the correct one (in case blockchain branching). since all that needed prove ownership the utxo the value and the unique blinding factor, there need store any addresses the blockchain. after creating the transaction between two wallets, either online using any other secure mechanism, only the commitment recorded the blockchain. this means that matter the resources the attacker, personal information can extracted from the blockchain. addition inputs, outputs, proofs and fees, each mimblewimble transaction includes, the transaction kernel, which its most basic form contains the difference between blinding factors sender and receiver. each transaction should also contain non interactive zero knowledge range proof ensure that transaction value positive without revealing the actual value. important since allowing the user create transactions with negative value would result ability arbitrarily create new coins which should prohibited the system. for this purpose use bulletproofs, compact and highly computation efficient implementation zero knowledge range proofs that are attached every transaction and checked the system during transaction validation. q&a question: why beam using equihash mining? answer: equihash pow mining algorithm well adopted miners globally. equihash based solving generalized birthday problem. bound, meaning that requires quite large amount memory opposed bitcoin's sha that requires lot processing power. equihash built way that does not allow easy tradeoff between processing power and memory thus making difficult use with asic miners that existed the time its creation. today there are dedicated asic miners that can mine equihash ten times more efficiently than average cpu. question: how does compact blockchain work? data actually deleted from the blockchain? answer: data ever deleted from the blockchain, since blockchain append only definition. what compact blockchain means that information needed validate the entire blockchain much smaller than the complete list transactions. the user wallet, new node connected the system, existing one that does not want store all the information can only download block headers and current state verify the entire blockchain. question: what the performance beam terms number transactions per second? answer: not have exact numbers yet. however safe say that will slightly better than bitcoin and existing privacy coins. having said that important emphasize that the performance will not high enough for beam used "means exchange". which why believe that beam will primarily used "store value". the future might possible improve performance using second layer out chain solutions such lightning network thunderella. question: does beam have wallet? answer: yes, launch beam will release desktop wallet application for mac, windows and linux. please submit additional questions our community group telegram: @beamprivacy https://t.me/beamprivacyz