blockchain meets sports unleash the value verified health and sports data using cutting edge blockchain technology whitepaper, version june beat ico table contents overview the beat ecosystem the beat vision the beat token the beat concept the beat contract the beat blockchain the beat stakeholders about mysports and the loyalty group the team advisors the beat foundation overview the beat ecosystem the initial beat token sale economics and allocation the beat token initial token sale bonus structure the generation and the price for beat tokens the demand for beat tokens the potential rewards for purchasing beat tokens the use initial token sale proceeds milestones and roadmap (tentative) additional information press coverage the partner network magicline switch blockchain wallet setup security legal note appendix beat whitepaper overview the world sports, health and nutrition generates billions data points everyday. the mobile health industry rapidly growing popularity among customers and businesses alike with projected billion usd global mobile health market however, most businesses the sports health industry still seem lack comprehensive solution for health data-privacy, which crucial its users. moreover, current market players are fragmented their functionalities and not have the platform create self-sustaining ecosystem such companies, their users, well their third-party beneficiaries. there exists this need link the agents within this fragile ecosystem utilizing cutting-edge technologies the catalyst remove any issues privacy, accountability, and immutability. this where blockchain technology promises radically change the perception this very ecosystem. blockchain essentially decentralized public ledger that both immutable and infallible which serves very reliable means recording data. therefore, blockchain can serve effective mechanism collecting sports data from these billions data points and transfer them for further analysis. moreover, the concept getting paid sports has been exclusive olympians and other elite athletes for the longest time the fitness industry. the advent blockchain technology also promises alter this using beat the ecosystem-builder. succinctly, beat state-of-the-art blockchain platform that safekeeps your data and allows you share with sports sponsors, talent scouts, doctors, insurance companies and many more unlock the vast potential hidden truly comprehensive access your health and activity data one heartbeat time. the ecosystem would also allow users monetize their verified health data that they generate every time the exercise, and the consumer end the spectrum, would allow corporations purchase those data according their needs utilizing the power the blockchain. shed some perspective this, the beat ecosystem would broadly comprise two users: the data providers and the data consumers. users can autonomously decide whether they want become data providers sharing specific data based contractual agreement with future data consumers. the data consumer only gets access the data agreed the contract and for the sole purpose defined the contract. the data consumers will appreciate such ease access verified and unchangeable data. return, these data consumers who are usually fitness providers like gyms, pharmaceutical companies, and sports equipment manufacturers will provide their products and services discounted rate, even for free data providers. global digital health market, statista, https://www.statista.com/topics//mhealth/ beat whitepaper overview it's dual-pronged approach between them: one hand, beats would used reward system for athletes and sportspeople, would represent net gain utilize the earned beats purchase rewards. the fitness provider that also part the beats ecosystem would also add potential way for customer lock-in and bigger profit margins and hence, this would reinforcing feedback loop with every participant pushing the system forward. moreover, the advent blockchain would create industry-wide standard robust and tamperproof automated contract verification whereby complicated service processes would become less expensive and more efficient for both parties. with beats already use the reward system facility, much easier make the facility owner trust the system for additional beneficial purposes too. efficiently track, verify and store the health and activity data the user within the beat blockchain, this concept will require "trusted third parties" (ttp) like management software. ttp entity that would facilitate and review all forms transactional communication between the data consumers and providers for various health and sports providers, apps, smartwatches, fitness trackers, digitally enabled equipment, gyms, clinics, physicians, trainers, etc. these processes would require extensions and modifications those systems already existing, enabling the owner the data, i.e. the users, store their data safely the beat blockchain under their control. here are few prospective use cases for the beat blockchain: facilitate sports and talent sponsoring billions sponsorship money can potentially used any sponsor, parent, friend, employer insurer, can reward their targeted sportsperson for verified sports activities with the ease fingertip. any sponsor can create sport challenges and delegate the objective verification the beat blockchain. this can start with simple bet between sportsperson and trainer moving worldwide challenge for training most with new sport equipment. the rewards stipulated the sponsoring contract can contractual obligation settled outside the beat ecosystem the transfer beat tokens, settled rectly the beat ecosystem, making beat tokens the reward exchange token sports. targeted advertising insurance companies being able reward healthy lifestyle supporting medical research and development providing physicians and physiotherapists with truly comprehensive view health and activity data beat whitepaper overview the beat initial token sale (,,its") will finance the initial development the beat blockchain covering initial use cases the area fitness and sports and the enhancement our sports facility management software including its ecosystem. are team professionals, dedicated promoting sports and support the convergence the sports and the health industry. have spent the last four years and invested tens millions euros develop one the world's leading digital infrastructure for sports facility management. german gyms all german gyms) are already using our sports facility management software, with its numbers growing rapidly everyday. with the proceeds the beat token its, intend finance two major developments: extend our digital ecosystem support the beat blockchain: sports facilities are the ideal place fulfil our requirement initial ttp launch the concept due its rise user popularity well ease implementing such large-scale system. build the first version the beat blockchain: the beat foundation would the first open-source release version the beat blockchain. will responsible for the further development and operation the beat blockchain developed mysports. the beat foundation will also controlled three groups stakeholders involved the usage health and activity data: the data providers, the data consumers and trusted third parties (ttp). the beat token can purchased during the its for least euro-cent per beat token from the start the ico pre-sale. the price will increase from march through may from eur eur pre-determined dates outlined page this whitepaper. after the june, there will referral bonus available previous buyers incentivize their friends join. this referral system will help create large, stable and engaged community, improve the quality the project. further details the referral system can also found page this whitepaper. the beat token can used access smart contract based health and activity data. therefore, there will always constant demand for beat tokens interact the beat blockchain. anyone purchasing beat tokens during the its can use them exchange for favors, services goods data consumers participating the beat blockchain and the beat ecosystem trade the beat token secondary market such market develops. we, the issuers the beat token, invite you participate this its. beat whitepaper overview summary the beat blockchain builds bridge trust between the three catalysts: data providers, data consumers and trusted third parties. enables users control their personal data, share with sports sponsors, talent scouts, doctors, insurance companies, etc, and thus, unlock the vast potential utilizing this health and fitness data for their individual benefit and the collective benefit the beat ecosystem. the world sports and health about change, part it, join this its! beat whitepaper the beat ecosystem the beat vision the blockchain and the token used for consuming services the blockchain labeled with the prefix beat. with the advent disruptive technologies like the internet and now, the blockchain, the world sports and health have yet fully utilize their potential integrating various facilities, agents, customers and sponsors into one overarching ecosystem. for instance, the lack mutual compatibility amongst different gym facilities leads further complications and inefficiencies their management their sponsorship databases well the ownership their customer's data. beat aims the bridge between this broken ecosystem solving these problems data-ownership and ecosystem-integration and the key unlock this bridge would the decentralized ledger technology, blockchain. building upon their well-funded business case that has already been successfully implemented german gyms generating millions dollars revenue, beat aims give the true power back the owners the data, the individual consumers themselves, and would provide smart contract infrastructure agree common goals and subsequently free billions sponsorship money. beat's vision simple; build the best decentralized ecosystembuilder that disrupts the health and sports industry leveraging our state-of-the-art blockchain platform and seamlessly connecting all our customers, clients, employees and partners together one heartbeat time. the beat token the beat token will give users access services the beat blockchain. when you access your health and fitness data the beat blockchain, you'll pay the beat foundation and the application platform where your data stored for access using beat tokens. the costs for access anonymous data the beat blockchain will lower than those for personalized data. beat whitepaper the beat ecosystem the beat concept our ecosystem developed order improve the way that data shared and stored and incentivize staying active and living healthy lifestyle. user downloads the noexcuse app, and then goes practice sports the gym. after the sport session, users get rewarded with beat tokens proportional the exercise they do. users can also earn extra beat tokens syncing the app within the magicline sports club partners, they can sell their sports data. once the user has earned enough beat tokens, they will able redeem those tokens marketplaces like bedarf.de crypto exchanges. earn beat through sport the noexcuse app lets the user earn beat token for working out and doing sports sync your app with magicline sport club partners germany well with health fitness trackers redeem your beat marketplaces like bedarf.de get discounts share your data with healthcare providers companies offer incentives for their employees the gym. this will possibly result healthier, more productive, engaged employees, and less likely miss work for sick day. the current ecosystem doesn't allow these companies track their employees gym usage. implementing the beat ecosystem, companies will given the ability reward their employees for working out and subsidize gym costs paying sports clubs directly beat tokens. employee health benefits company sponsors employees' fitness goals benefit from their health beat whitepaper the noexcuse app lets the user earn beat token for working out and doing sports sponsored the employer sync your app with magicline sport club partners germany well with health fitness trackers redeem your beat marketplaces like bedarf.de get discounts share your data with healthcare providers the beat ecosystem the beat ecosystem bridges the gap between data providers, (everyday users the beat platform), and data consumers, (the companies, researchers and advertisers who benefit from access created fitness data). users the noexcuse app, well our other fitness data management partners, will able decide for themselves which data they want sell for beat tokens. and companies using this data will only have access the specific data points that our users allow. longer will companies have unrestricted access your health and fitness data. it's the user's hands decide where, how and with whom his/her data shared. data research service providers research companies access health and fitness data and reward user with tokens user gets rewards with beat tokens from research and healthcare companies redeem your beat marketplaces like bedarf.de get discounts share your data with healthcare providers recognize the need for safe storage user health and fitness data. the final component our ecosystem allow trusted third parties ensure the accuracy and validity the data collected. these parties will use the blockchain for number applications such securing the data, reviewing the communication between data consumers and providers, collection data from fitness wearables gym equipment, ensuring safe transference data your doctor. through blockchain technology can develop solutions ensure the immutability and privacy the data through these third parties. the beat blockchain ecosystem bridges data providers, data consumers, and the trusted third parties (ttp). enables users control their personal data, share with sports sponsors, talent scouts, doctors, insurance companies, and unlock the vast potential their health and fitness data themselves and the beat ecosystem. beat whitepaper the beat ecosystem the beat contract everyone using the beat ecosystem can create smart contracts between themselves. initially, this will simple contract that outlines the duration and amount data that you give data buyer access to. later stages, and depending legal compliance, users and consumers will also able create contracts that outline uses the data shared and the benefits that for sharing it. these benefits could the form services, enhancement contributed data, additional data interest anything else the data consumer and data provider agree on. the beat blockchain the beat blockchain holds the health and activity data users and data consumers verify the data stored and track transferred beat tokens. will also store data about the beat contracts. the beat stakeholders the beat blockchain connects three important groups the health and fitness space: data provider (users going the gym, doing sports, and logging them the noexcuse app) data consumer (companies, researchers, insurers and advertisers) trusted third party (ttp) (the platforms where user data transferred and stored) will try engage key representatives each these groups the beat foundation that they can mutually work out the best solution for all parties. the following description the functionality reflects the current status the plans mysports gmbh. mysports gmbh does not promise realize these ideas exactly the way described herein. there are many technical, legal, organizational issues well stakeholder requirements that may change the logic, the functionality and the set-up. the beat blockchain built enable the data providers store their health and activity data anonymous and encrypted way the beat blockchain. data providers will have their own wallet that contains the only available private key decrypt and access their stored health and activity data comprehensive way. this means that even the encryption would fail, the data would useless cannot associated with any data provider. health and activity data stored must already available shared electronic form shall generated digital tracking devices (e.g. scales, wristbands, electrical resistance measuring devices) other eligible equipment. beat whitepaper the beat ecosystem want give users the ability keep lifelong record their health and fitness data, participate competitions with their friends, family, coworkers, beat users around the world, allow them upload their data into the noexcuse app and earn rewards from sponsors, and break down the data barriers between doctors and clinics. order accomplish this, users must store their data the beat blockchain, connect their wallet the blockchain, and accept contracts from the people who want access their health and fitness data. we're tying together users who are creating data with the parties that want access that data. insurance companies who want reward their customers for being active, doctors offices who want digitally access patient data, sports teams scouting potential athletes, friends and family who want motivate and encourage staying active. these parties can store their data the beat blockchain, connect their wallet the blockchain, and create contracts with the people who want sell give access their health and fitness data. the final stakeholder we're integrating into the ecosystem are what call trusted third parties. any legal entity that provides the backend systems capture and verify the data that our users create and consumers purchase. these parties will record health and fitness data, provide users with electronic wallets that are completely controlled and owned the data provider, receive and send beat tokens, and control which data accessed. some ways that beat tokens and the beat ecosystem could used are: health insurance provider offering discount for every month which sportsperson performs hours sports. company may incentivise their employees through health and fitness program. for example, the program could provide euro extra pay month for every hour sports performed employee and even set maximum euro per month. this could either directly the employee the form beat tokens used help pay the cost gym membership. friends could create fitness and diet challenges together. for example, two friends who want lose weight for their summer holiday could challenge another. they both could offer euro reward for losing months. mysports gmbh could offer beat token per hour anonymously collected data effort support sports and health science. people companies could offer beat tokens exchange for data that can put wards the research specific medical illness disorder. beat whitepaper the beat ecosystem parent might sponsor their child motivate them spend least hour day outside doing sport instead watching tv. the parent turn can track their child's progress. gym could offer special discounts and prizes like free drinks for week participating member that exercised the most achieved decided fitness goal. gym could host competitions between fitness instructors see whose clients burned the most calories lost the most weight. sports equipment supplier could sponsor for charitable purpose and learn more about the activity patterns their target customers. company could donate charity their employees behalf for walking running least kilometers day for days during the holiday season. exchange data with and between clinics and doctors without the hassle printed cuments and long waiting times for transport and verification. participate clinical studies anonymously sending health and activity data either donation basis exchange for beat tokens. mysports excellent position connect the existing ecosystem the loyalty group, the overarching company behind beat, magicline and noexcuse, and the beat blockchain. because our continued development both magicline software and the noexcuse app itself. the noexcuse app provides sportspeople with personalized wallet, giving them access their gym running magicline software. they can use transfer training plans, health and activity data captured the gym into their personal wallet, identify himself when entering the gym well make payments via bank credit card. noexcuse and magicline will extended meet all missing requirements. electronic gym equipment will able identify the users based their connection the beat blockchain and store their health and fitness data. magicline and noexcuse will cooperate with partners make this seamless possible. training plans built noexcuse will define type, length and intensity the planned activities the gym. users can't verify their time the gym using the equipment, they'll able have trainer confirm it. magicline and noexcuse are being extended make this process seamless possible. for sports facilities assume that the digitalization will joint effort between facility manager, equipment provider and sports studio. other areas expect that providers like "runtastic", "fitbit", "apple-health", "polar" and others will join our initiative extending their applications incorporate the open-source beat blockchain into their products. for health use cases, digital data will also connected the beat blockchain partnerships with relevant players the appropriate economies like personal management solutions, patient care devices, medical record, healthcare information and clinic management software and medical billing services. beat whitepaper about mysports and the loyalty group mysports gmbh (,,mysports") will generate and sell the beat tokens. registered the commercial register the local court (amtsgericht) hamburg under the registration number hrb mysports currently develops and runs the noexcuse app giving sportspersons access their fitness studio for exchanging and monitoring training plans, scheduling courses, reserving resources and interacting with any representative there. also provides access e-commerce offers utilizing the demand the sportsperson for sports supplies. the noexcuse app available android ios app. with the proceeds the its mysports will extend the functionality the noexcuse app connect the beat blockchain including wallet for managing sponsoring contracts and storing and trading beat tokens. furthermore, mysports will its own, well with the support its affiliate magicline gmbh, develop the beat blockchain enable sport facilities track and verify sport activities reliably, connect existing digital sports tracking platforms and log the verified sport activities information the beat blockchain. loyalty systems gmbh the holding company mysports gmbh. not only holds the shares mysports gmbh, but also shares magicline gmbh, eurofit gmbh and bedarf. gmbh, forming the ,,loyalty group", which together build ecosystem for managing sports facilities. magicline gmbh (,,magicline") develops and licenses the cloud software magicline for managing sports facilities. one the german market leaders for management software the fitness industry with more than fitness studios germany using its software. far such support required, magicline gmbh will support mysports gmbh the development the beat blockchain, enable sports facilities track and verify sports activities reliably, connect existing digital sports tracking platforms and log the verified sports activities information. furthermore, will extend the functionality the magicline software digitize and verify sports activities that can then stored the beat blockchain. eurofit gmbh delivers administrative and financial services owners and managers sports facilities. important service provider those, but without direct impact the beat blockchain the beat ecosystem. bedarf.de gmbh runs the online marketplace bedarf.de. bundles the aggregate demand around fitness studios germany negotiate and help them obtain better contractual terms for their equipment and various consumable articles. bedarf.de gmbh will extend its offering consumers via the noexcuse app and will support sponsors offering discounts exchange for beat tokens. beat whitepaper about the team consists seasoned developers amongst exceptional employees,an experienced management team, obsessively dedicated the cause, outstanding ceo and well connected advisors, all located the heart germany's second largest city, hamburg. daniel hanelt ceo, investor, serial entrepreneur studied computer science and economics from the university applied sciences wedel. founded various software development and operating companies such sysvision gmbh and magicline gmbh. the ceo beat and renowned serial entrepreneur and investor the tech and blockchain space. daniel wischer chief product officer daniel loves building great teams and great products. started developer for individual software development and managed software projects from small large. founded squaremed, the largest diabetes community platforms for managing all diabetes related data. since the start the development the magicline software has been responsible for product management well building the product management team. excited about bringing more sport and health the world part the management team loyalty group. kjeld peters chief technology officer kjeld started his career intern during the dotcom bubble. studied computer science afterwards and never left the internet industry. kjeld worked multiple software development teams engineer and manager, responsible for all aspects operations and engineering. managed teams (consisting engineers/ developers) and ran platforms with millions users and revenue. acts the cto loyalty group. jens kappe chief visionary officer jens studied computer science and economics and has more than years experience building and operating large scale distributed web-apps and e-commerce platforms with two-digit million euro-budget responsibility. most valuable success far was the project leadership agile transformation methodologies, development and operations within otto.de. has followed the cryptocurrency market and developments closely since beat whitepaper about sven eismann chief marketing officer sven was drawn into creating powerful campaigns, brands and networks while was studying law and was made budget director ddb hamburg when working for major clients like german telekom and siemens changing his career path. his heart "beats" passionately for the digital transformation society ever since. thomas bartz chief financial officer thomas joined the group after climbing the ranks inside the leading wholesaler swimming pools germany, ultimately becoming commercial director. prior this graduated economics. responsible for the departments accounting, finance and controlling for all companies the loyalty systems group. carsten buchberger chief human resources officer carsten has more than years experience human resources and business development. studied business administration and business engineering and started key account manager, then became part the management typical startup company, founded hr-consulting company and joined the human resources department tesla, sourcing and hiring top candidates for fast-paced tech environment for one the most innovative companies the world. decided take the once lifetime chance and become part the revolution magicline. also one the authors the book ,,campus recruiting". thomas stampfli chairman, main investor, serial entrepreneur thomas successful serial entrepreneur having built and sold several engineering driven companies the dach region. heads the shareholder committee the loyalty group. jonas bading chief sales officer jonas, education banker, has huge passion for customers. his success has let him assume team and revenue responsibilities early his career, ultimately becoming head sales the crowdfunded startup "foodist" (achieving sales increase less than months). beat whitepaper about advisors these proven experts will guide our way change the way people exercise and sports: dennis weidner ceo paranoid internet cryptopioneers dennis successful entrepreneur and investor who has extensive experience cryptocurrencies and blockchain. being one the early adopters the industry, strongly believes that the world cryptocurrencies has lot potential grow the years come. thus, has made both his personal and professional goal build working ecosystem for various tech and blockchain startups international scale. brian condenanza seasoned ico advisor, entrepreneur, investor being one most successful and influential young entrepreneurs, brian early investor bitcoin and passionate cryptocurrency and blockchain advocate who has amassed over million followers twitter where shares future promising icos and helps companies connect with their audience. joshuwa roomsburg cryptocurrency marketing advisor josh spent years working with some the biggest athletes and celebrities build their brands online. now uses his experience support the crypto industry. within the next year likely become top face the crypto industry working with some the biggest projects using blockchain technology. simon cocking editor, founder, investor, speaker considered one the top influential people blockchain, award-winning entrepreneur, writer and journalist simon cocking has made impact ireland and beyond borders. aside from being the senior editor irish tech news and editor-in-chief cryptocoinnews, also business mentor, advisor and reputable tech influencer, having worked with more than twenty successful icos date. beat whitepaper the beat foundation the beat foundation will incorporated mysports which will make the code the beat blockchain open source. furthermore, will offer all engineers mysports work for the beat foundation instead mysports. will responsible for the further development and operation the beat blockchain. the beat foundation will controlled board members who shall representing equal proportion three different stakeholders (,,stakeholders"): the data consumers, the data providers and the trusted third party. the process determine the representative each stakeholder shall discussed and determined with the stakeholders after the start the its. mysports will have one representative that board. the purpose and the mandate the beat foundation can only changed with unanimous vote all board members. the board selection committee obliged recruit board members from the largest representation each stakeholder transparent way. mysports will discuss with the stakeholders the legal form and legal seat the beat foundation after the its and incorporate the beat foundation accordance with the results such discussions. therefore, the name beat foundation working title. not certain that can use this name once the final legal form has been chosen. the core purpose the beat foundation the enhancement the open source beat blockchain and the development the ecosystem for the digitalization health and activity data. additionally, the beat foundation will sponsor sports and associated activities like sports science and research. the beat foundation will not distribute any proceeds its owners, founding board members, any other associate organization besides fair compensation for services rendered the beat foundation. the beat foundation has clear mandate outlined this document which bound. the board the foundation will develop detailed organizational charter who (board, ceo) may decide which issue. the key decision-making competences the board are: the funding third party infrastructure developments the recruitment and compensation software development team for the beat blockchain and organizational and marketing staff. the outsourcing any the required activities third parties the setting prices for beat contract services. the licensing infrastructure providers participate and have access the beat blockchain, including their oversight. the acceptance data consumers participate and access the beat blockchain and oversight their activities and suitability setting the priorities the beat blockchain development according the needs the stakeholders. purchasing beat tokens the secondary market fulfill data consumer's demand. beat whitepaper the beat foundation overview the beat foundation will receive the beat tokens payed for the execution beat contract data consumers. only allowed sell back these beat tokens data consumers. sale the secondary market prohibited. beat whitepaper the initial beat token sale economics and allocation the beat token the beat tokens are generated the ethereum smart contract erc (the ,,smart contract"). the smart contract set-up mysports. the number beat tokens capped billion. the tokens will generated and distributed follows: billion (%) beat tokens may sold the its from january july the proceeds are going mysports. all unsold beat tokens will burned after the end the its and might lead total supply less than billion beat tokens. million (.%) beat tokens may used mysports for bounty, bonus, marketing and referral programs before and during the its. all beat tokens not sold remain with mysports and can used for further business development after the end the its. million (.%) beat tokens are transferred founders mysports and team members after lock-up period years. million (%) beat tokens remain with mysports for business development perspectives support future additions the whole ecosystem. some part these beat tokens will used for the first real world use case beat for sponsoring sportspersons. after the beat blockchain has been established and running, mysports will offer first beat contract every sports person the beat ecosystem reward them for doing sports. the sportsperson receiving the beat token can use exchange for favors/services goods other data consumers participating the beat blockchain and the beat ecosystem trade the beat token secondary market. beat whitepaper the initial beat token sale initial token sale bonus structure during the its that runs from january rd, july th, purchasers beat tokens may granted variable amounts bonus tokens addition the purchased beat tokens for free. you can see the following bonus structure, bonus tokens are distributed based purchase date successful referrals. from january rd, february th, bonus beat tokens will added. from february th, march rd, all buyers will receive bonus beat tokens. from march th, until may th, the token price will increase eur weekly until reaches its final price eur may this price will applied any further bonuses for the duration the sale. may, all existing buyers will rewarded with bonus for all tokens they purchased during the its due the extension the token sale. referrals and bonuses made prior this date are calculated their original amounts and will not eligible for bonus tokens. from may june new referral and bonus system will implemented. from june through july buyers who purchase tokens before june can purchase additional tokens bonus their buyer dashboard. when they log they will also receive unique referral link that will provide bonus anyone who purchases through that link eur instead the original price eur). any their referrals purchase beat tokens, the link sharer will receive their referrals purchase amount, based the original price eur, beat tokens. further, the original link sharer will also receive share, based the original price eur, beat tokens, for any second level referral (referrals referrals). mysports gmbh reserves the right end, temporarily pause adjust the referral bonus structure any time. keep logging into your purchaser dashboard from time time! from june through july new purchasers beat tokens will receive referral link that will give them referral bonus any tokens their referrals buy. from june through july small call action bonuses will implemented. you don't want wait for these bonuses, you'll have ask your friends they've already joined the beat revolution share their referral link with you win-win situation for both!). otherwise, stay tuned for the world cup! beat whitepaper the initial beat token sale the generation and the price for beat tokens the sale and generation the beat tokens will realized over different venues: buyer may pay for beat tokens sending the cryptocurrency ether the smart contract the ethereum platform and will receive the appropriate amount beat tokens his wallet. however, before the beat tokens are transferred his wallet, has pass our kyc process. further details the kyc process and the process are stipulated the t&c. buyer may also pay euros for beat token transferring the euros our bank account and will receive the appropriate amount beat tokens his wallet. however, before the beat tokens are transferred his wallet, has pass our kyc process. further details the kyc process and the process are stipulated the t&c. independent from the venue beat token will cost least euro-cent. the ether sent the smart contract will converted beat token according the average actual value derived from www.cryptocompare.com. the price for one beat token will increase over time during the its: from --, cet --, cet euro-cent from --, cet --, cet euro-cent from --, cet --, cest euro-cent from --, cest --, cest euro-cent from --, cest --, cest euro-cent from --, cest --, cest euro-cent from --, cest --, cest euro-cent from --, cest --, cest euro-cent from --, cest --, cest euro-cent from --, cest --, cest euro-cent beat whitepaper the initial beat token sale the demand for beat tokens the demand for beat tokens will result from their use consumption, storage and benefits: consumption expect the participants the beat ecosystem will accept beat tokens payment for large variety services and goods. the following list shows just some examples what could happen. course, participant required except the beat foundation. gyms could f.e. accept beat tokens for any consumption their gym removing the need for cash. equipment providers could accept beat tokens for discounts payment for their sports equipment sales. equipment provider may give discounts gym that uses beat tokens exchange for access the data people generate when working out their equipment the beat foundation will accept beat tokens pay for the contract access. fitness instructors and trainers could accept beat tokens for their services con junction with the noexcuse app for their scheduling. storage expect that beat tokens sold the its are purchased future data providers well data consumers and will held them until they can use them the beat ecosystem and trade them for benefits. benefits because the beat contract supports the transfer for beat tokens between data providers and data consumers, assume many contracts the segment sports sponsoring will agree benefits paid rewards access health and activity data beat tokens. gyms can provide discounts their most loyal customers. gyms and fitness locations can optimize contract renewals through the excuse app and gain access higher quality levels data. organized system for company support entire fitness initiative. insurance companies can have greater access their clients data. allowing them better understand their customers and extend benefits for healthy lifestyles. charitable institutions can set donation campaigns through individual sponsorships. for example, people can donate charitable institution upon individual's behalf exchange for every mile they run. freelance fitness instructors trainers can have system for scheduling and client payment with beat. beat whitepaper the initial beat token sale harnessing the data people create every day, medical research institutions can purchase acquire flood health/fitness data used further their studies. individuals can safely store their medical data and files the beat blockchain. allowing them easily transfer their important files between specific doctors hospitals. simplify balancing between supply and demand beat tokens mysports will try list the beat token various select cryptocurrency exchanges. the potential rewards for purchasing beat tokens idealistically the reward make (financial) commitment help disrupting the health and sports industry unleashing the value verified health and activity data using cutting edge blockchain technology financially mysports designed the supply restriction the beat tokens carefully that the demand would naturally exceed the availability beat tokens and thereby ensure steady price increase. sports believes this valid approach, because designed compensate those taking the risk buy utility token for service not yet existing with right return it, should the service never become available. however, mentioned above, there guarantee this will happen. beat whitepaper the initial beat token sale the use initial token sale proceeds the proceeds the its are the first instance used pay all taxes incurred the its. this stage estimate that there will taxes payable for the issuance the beat tokens. however, there assurance for this assessment the taxation the creation and sale tokens still unclear from legal perspective. the remaining funds are used finance the development the beat blockchain and the ecosystem providing verified health and activity data the beat blockchain serving showcase covering some basic use cases the area fitness and sports. for this, the magicline software managing sports facilities combination with the mysports app noexcuse which gives the sportsperson access sports facilities, are well positioned track, verify and deliver the required sports activity data the beat blockchain and will therefore enhanced and further developed with the proceeds the its. beat whitepaper addition, the noexcuse app will improved with additional features relating mysports gmbh offering data providers discounts exchange for beat tokens. mysports, together with its affiliate magicline gmbh, will develop the applications mentioned this whitepaper with the proceeds the its. while mysports will keep the extensions the sports facility software private ownership will release the software developed for the beat blockchain open source and let the beat foundation take over the further development the beat blockchain once operational. least the proceeds the its will dedicated each the two applications developed. the remaining funds may used for various purposes like marketing, legal costs, etc milestones and roadmap (tentative) magicline start development digitize sports facility management, decision replace existing market leading sports facility management software ms-access with cloud solution. development the ecosystem digitize sports facility management; incorporation eurofit gmbh provide financial services currently managing volume million euro receivables per year. incorporation bedarf.de gmbh and mysports gmbh provide role model for e-commerce, start the development the app ,,noexcuse" mysports magicline has been developed team employees magicline released; customers are migrated magicline which becomes full success release the first version the noexcuse app, being part the customer interface for people interact with their sports providers, e.g. fitnessstudios beat its launches publication enhanced version noexcuse roll-out the beat ecosystem germany starting roll-out the beat ecosystem the world beat whitepaper milestones and roadmap (tentative) the speed realization the roll-out the beat ecosystem will depend strongly the success the its and the funds received the its: the its reach the following intermediates, mysports gmbh planning the following: eur enhance beat ecosystem eur push mobile-app development eur start development beat testnet eur launch beat open source community eur start first sports sponsoring use case eur prepare beat foundation eur start first health use case minimum: reduced beat blockchain functionality with one sponsoring contract noexcuse the only client the beat blockchain. every sportsperson noexcuse has the option receive beat tokens for sports activites magicline will able handle beat tokens. founding beat foundation will postponed. mysports gmbh will operate the beat ecosystem. average and maximum functionality will follow later average: reduced beat blockchain functionality with basic access health and activity data features. basic features for access health and activity data are integrated into magicline. multiple contracts are possible. access for other clients besides noexcuse the beat blockchain limited integrated partners magicline. founding beat foundation will pursued closely after the token sale. maximum functionality will follow later. maximum: everything described the whitepaper will executed. beat whitepaper additional information press coverage there are various articles the german press about development, products, services, mindset and our successes the loyalty group far: crypto press: cryptoticker report: companys pays you sports cryptoticker report: beat token sports data digital transformation: bodylife report: digitalisierung der fitnessbranche e-commerce: fitness und gesundheit report: personalization fitness und gesundheit report: digital plattforms marketing: fitness und gesundheit report: club concept fintech: fitness und gesundheit report: billion euro years magicline gmbh booth fibo fair https://www.fibo.com the world's largest international trade show for fitness, wellness and health studio management with magicline: fitness und gesundheit report: magicline fitness und gesundheit report: software-developing fitness und gesundheit report: kind magic magicline gmbh won the annual award the german body life award for best market performance the category it/software. this was the time row gained this prestigious price beat whitepaper additional information the partner network magicline gantner the leading international manufacturer contactless nfc access control, electronic locking and cashless payment applications for the global leisure industry. gantner systems can found fitness clubs, attraction and water parks, public pools and spas, ski resorts, commercial applications, well educational and healthcare institutions. throughout the world, gantner counts many the most prestigious leisure facilities among its clients gocardless creating new international payments network rival credit and debit cards. gocardless ambition break down barriers businesses can quickly and easily take payments from anyone, anywhere the world. gocardless currently processes billion worth transactions for over organizations across the and europe and growing fast. life fitness has been dedicated creating fitness solutions that benefit both facilities and exercisers for more than years. life fitness mission keep people active started with the lifecycle exercise bike and continues with the widest range cardio, strength and group training products the fitness industry. matrix fitness global leader commercial fitness products. they offer cardio, strength and group training equipment, innovative technology, and unique programming. matrix among the world's premier and fastest-growing commercial fitness brands. inbody the global leader the body composition analysis industry with world class technological advancements. beat whitepaper additional information switch blockchain the beat token standard erc- token that can used multiple wallets and trading platforms. the beat token smart contract and the crowd sale smart contract publicly available for auditing before the launch the its the address: https://github.com/beat-its/smart-contracts the beat token will comply with the erc- standard and will freely transferable the ethereum blockchain. ethereum was the natural choice for this project due its wide adoption and industry standard for issuing custom digital assets. the compatibility with the erc- standard leverages the existing infrastructure advantages the ethereum ecosystem, namely terms development tools, wallets, exchanges, and human resource expertise. mysports will probably migrate the erc- based tokens (the "pre-existing tokens") another protocol and generate replacement tokens the new protocol (the "replacement tokens") the future. owners pre-existing tokens will incentivized convert their pre-existing tokens replacement tokens, since the practical utility pre-existing tokens will likely diminish rapidly once the replacement tokens are created and are use significant portion the ecosystem participants. wallet setup see your erc- based beat token your wallet just add the beat token with these details: token contract address: xfbbccffddbbeaade token symbol: beat decimals: security our system designed take into account recent events wallet theft and phishing during initial coin offering campaigns. this will mitigated converting significant amount the its fiat currency whenever possible. mysports will also continuously monitor for phishing sites and will alert all data providers and purchasers the its through press releases and newsletters. will communicate official information regarding wallet addresses only through email registered members the its. our operating strategy includes periodical contact with data providers and purchases the beat token through mailing list and/or newsletter, order keep them updated the current status development, marketing, clients, and revenue. this strategy allows obtain feedback from data providers and purchases the beat token and keep them updated with the most recent news and developments beat whitepaper legal note before purchasing any beat tokens please read the following sections well the "token sale terms conditions" (,,t&c") carefully. any agreement between the mysports and you participant relation any sale and purchase beat tokens (as referred this whitepaper) governed and only separate document, the token sale terms conditions (,,t&c"), setting out the applicable terms conditions. the event any inconsistencies between any the t&cs and this whitepaper, the t&c shall prevail. part this whitepaper reproduced distributed without this section and the following sections entitled "legal nature beat tokens", ,,no offer securities registration", ,,distribution and sales restrictions", "disclaimer liability", "no representations and warranties", "forward-looking statements", "market and industry information and consent other persons", "no advice", "no further information update", and "risks and uncertainties". legal nature beat tokens beat tokens are not intended constitute securities any other form capital investment product any jurisdiction. they not grant any rights any company, any dividends, any payment interest, any profit participation any other remuneration for the provision capital. they only represent claim for performance the participant the beat blockchain which still has developed and put into operation described this whitepaper. the services and features the beat blockchain described this whitepaper are subject change the sole discretion the mysports. beat tokens cannot cashed mysports and mysports generally not obliged redeem any beat tokens against cash. offer securities registration this whitepaper does not constitute prospectus any other form capital investment product offer document any sort and not intended constitute offer securities any other form capital investment product solicitation for investment securities any other form capital investment product jurisdiction. this whitepaper also not intended constitute solicitation for investment securities any other form capital investment product any jurisdiction. this whitepaper has not been filed with approved any regulatory authority any jurisdiction. regulatory authority has examined approved any the information set out this whitepaper, nor was such examination approval sought. such action has been will taken under the laws, regulatory requirements rules any jurisdiction. beat whitepaper legal note distribution and sales restrictions the publication, delivery, distribution dissemination this whitepaper, summary other description the terms contained this whitepaper other informational documents the white paper may subject the provisions (in particular restrictions pursuant to) the laws and regulations jurisdictions other than those germany. publication pursuant the laws and regulations jurisdictions other than those germany not intended. mysports does not authorize that this whitepaper, summary any other description the terms contained this whitepaper other informational documents the beat token sale are directly indirectly published, distributed circulated third parties outside germany, and insofar this not compliance with applicable foreign regulations, depends the compliance with official procedures issuance authorizations any other legal requirements, and such conditions are not fulfilled. persons are not eligible and are not purchase any beat token they are citizens, residents (tax otherwise) green card holders the united states america, people's republic china citizen resident the republic singapore, socialist republic vietnam, japan, australia resident country where american embargoes and sanctions are force, namely iran, north korea, syria, sudan, cuba any other geographic area which the purchase beat tokens prohibited applicable law, decree, regulation, treaty, administrative act. disclaimer liabilities the maximum extent permitted the applicable laws, regulations and rules, mysports shall not liable for any indirect, special, incidental, consequential other losses any kind, tort, contract otherwise (including but not limited loss revenue, income profits, and loss use data), arising out connection with any acceptance reliance this whitepaper any part thereof. representations and warranties mysports does not make purport make, and hereby disclaims, any representation, warranty undertaking any form whatsoever any entity person, including any representation, warranty undertaking relation the truth, accuracy and completeness any the information set out this whitepaper. the only binding documents are the t&c. beat whitepaper legal note forward looking statements this whitepaper contains certain forward-looking statements. forward-looking statements are statements that not relate historical facts and events. this applies, particular, statements this whitepaper concerning the set-up and the operation the beat blockchain, its capacities and services, well general economic and regulatory conditions and other factors mysports exposed to. forward-looking statements are based current estimates and assumptions mysports made according the best the mysports knowledge. such forward-looking statements are subject risks, uncertainties and other factors that may lead mysports actual plan build and set the beat blockchain and the services related thereto differing materially from those explicitly implicitly assumed described such forward-looking statements. the setup the beat blockchain subject number risks and uncertainties that could also cause forward-looking statement, estimate, prediction become inaccurate. for this reason participants are strongly advised read the section "risk factors" stipulated the t&c, which include more detailed description such factors that have impact the realisation and set-up the beat blockchain and its operation. consideration the risks, uncertainties and assumptions, possible that the future events mentioned this whitepaper may not occur. moreover, has noted that the forward-looking estimates and forecasts reproduced this whitepaper from third-parties may prove inaccurate. moreover, sports does not assume any obligation update any forward-looking statements bring these forward-looking statements into line with future events developments. the statements contained this whitepaper may include statements future expectations and other forward-looking statements that are based mysports current views and assumptions and involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause the setup and the operation the beat blockchain differ materially from those expressed implied such statements. some these statements can identified forward-looking terms such "aim", "target", "anticipate", "believe", "could", "estimate", "expect", "if", "intend", "may", "plan", "possible", "probable", "project", "should", "would", "will" other similar terms. however, these terms are not the exclusive means identifying forward-looking statements. beat whitepaper legal note market and industry information and consent other persons this whitepaper includes market and industry information and forecasts that have been obtained from internal surveys, reports and studies, where appropriate, well market research, publicly available information and industry publications. such surveys, reports, studies, market research, publicly available information and publications generally state that the information that they contain has been obtained from sources believed reliable, but there can assurance the accuracy completeness such included information. save for mysports and its directors, executive officers and employees, person has provided his consent the inclusion his name and/or other information attributed perceived attributed such person connection therewith this whitepaper and representation, warranty undertaking purported provided the accuracy completeness such information such person and such persons shall not obliged provide any updates the same. while mysports has taken reasonable actions ensure that the information extracted accurately and its proper context, mysports has not conducted any independent review the information extracted from third party sources, verified the accuracy completeness such information ascertained the underlying economic assumptions relied upon therein. consequently, neither mysports nor its directors, executive officers and employees acting their behalf makes any representation warranty the accuracy completeness such information and shall not obliged provide any updates the same. advice this whitepaper does not constitute form part any opinion any advice to, any solicitation any offer mysports purchase any beat token nor shall any part nor the fact its presentation form the basis of, relied upon connection with, any contract investment decision. information this whitepaper should considered business, legal, financial tax advice regarding the beat token and the sale the beat tokens. each potential participant should consult its own legal, financial, tax other professional adviser regarding the operation the beat blockchain, the beat token and the sale the beat tokens. further information update person has been authorised give any information representation not contained this whitepaper connection with the beat token, the beat blockchain and the sale the beat tokens and, given, such information representation must not relied upon having been authorized behalf mysports. the sale the beat tokens shall not, under any circumstances, constitute continuing representation that there has been change, development reasonably likely involve material change the set-up and operation the beat blockchain, the services connection therewith any statement fact information contained this whitepaper since the date hereof. beat whitepaper legal note risks and uncertainties the purchase beat tokens associated with significant risks and may lead the loss the contributed amount. there income, earning return related beat token. the tradability beat token unclear and might very limited. the set-up and the operation the beat blockchain are subject risks and uncertainties. particular, economic and political/regulatory risks may influence the beat token, the beat blockchain and the usage the beat token (up the non-tradability and worthlessness). prospective participants beat token sale should carefully consider and evaluate all risks and uncertainties associated with the set-up and operation the beat blockchain, all information set out this whitepaper and more detail the t&cs prior any purchase beat tokens. any such risks and uncertainties materializes, the setup, operation the beat blockchain, the services and the future use the beat tokens could materially and adversely affected. such cases, participants may lose all part the value the beat tokens. beat whitepaper appendix whitepaper beat ico beat.org mysports gmbh schauenburgerstrasse hamburg beat whitepaper