bee token the future the decentralized sharing economy beetoken.com version november abstract beenest the first decentralized home-sharing network built top set bee protocols that connects hosts with guests without taking any commissions. the beenest dapp and the bee protocols are powered the erc- utility token called the bee token. the bee protocols are open ethereum protocols that can power other future sharing economy dapps. these protocols provide the beenest network with three essential systems: secure payment system that allows two authenticated entities send and receive money that gets held bee tokens until after successful exchange services between the two entities. decentralized arbitration system that resolves user disputes providing positive incentives grow network genuine arbiters and negative incentives deter scammers. reputation system that couples valid identity, which obtained trusted digital fingerprint protocol the ethereum blockchain, with rating determined transparent, immutable review and scoring interchange between entities (such guests and hosts). this whitepaper expounds upon the beenest platform and the bee protocols. aim offer transparency into our token metrics and future roadmap development and expansion. will discuss how beenest creates and preserves value for hosts, guests, arbiters, and developers within decentralized autonomous organization and how our decentralized model offers distinct advantages over the predominant, centralized home sharing model. table contents background value propositions aligning incentives ii. lower transaction fees iii. increased security trust bee protocols (p-a-r) payment ii. arbitration iii. reputation cryptoeconomics token holders incentives hosts property managers ii. guests iii. arbiters iv. third party developers token value why tokenize summary appendix anticipated timeline token sale team advisors user acquisition strategy market growth conflict resolution use cases protocol specs useful links background bitcoin's emergence january created paradigm shift encouraging decentralization through the introduction global distributed open ledger. the concept behind bitcoin proved many there was longer need for central banks, beginning the movement towards "decentralization." this movement was accelerated with the launch the ethereum blockchain and the introduction smart contracts, which enables any developer create new genre decentralized applications, commonly referred "dapps." these dapps use the power the blockchain allow for secure and trustless asset transfer within the ethereum network, eliminating the need for centralized middlemen from many business models. bitcoin and ethereum hit all-time highs btc surpassing usd), pushing the overall market capitalization cryptocurrencies hundreds billions dollars. cryptocurrency becoming mainstream, enjoying ever-increasing adoption rate from investors worldwide. simultaneously, peer-to-peer sharing economy applications, typified uber and airbnb, have achieved meteoric success the past few years. however, these platforms extract high commission fees from their users order run. airbnb's astronomic growth from billion only enjoyed select few the founders and vcs. without any interest the company, very little, any, the appreciation value goes back the guests and hosts. these are the same guests and hosts who form the backbone this two-sided marketplace. bee token, believe that these invaluable contributors, first-class participants the network, deserve rewarded for the platform's growth through increased utility value their tokens. thanks ethereum smart contracts, now possible build truly decentralized and automated sharing economy platform. this will done with middlemen and thus commission, meanwhile sharing the wealth with the users two-sided marketplace. millennials and generation x-ers who are investing heavily cryptocurrencies are also fueling the sharing economy, specifically the home sharing industry. given the growing acceptance the sharing economy and increased usage digital currencies, beenest's launch comes growth inflection point for our target market. value propositions aligning incentives its current climate, the sharing economy plagued with misaligned incentives with the most common example being that company grows, the user base left dissatisfied. well known example that uber drivers. intermediaries like uber increasingly extract value from users their network grows. drivers today earn far less compared with early years, yet costs per rider have not significantly decreased. when market demand increases for good service, network participants should benefit when new equilibrium prices are reached. instead, companies arbitrage these shifts capitalize value added their community. the majority that value captured founders and venture capitalists, and shareholders are excessively rewarded the event ipo acquisition. though these earliest investors receive handsome rewards, early drivers the platform have only been met with decreased earnings for the initial value they added uber. through decentralization, beenest able disrupt the currently available sharing economy models. the same time, tokenization creates benefits for early adopters and token holders, thereby aligning user incentives toward further growth the bee network. can accelerate user participation giving everyone the network the opportunity earn tokens through referral programs and arbitration. additionally, beenest corrects for market saturation continuously incentivizing guests and hosts contribute the network utilizing the bee token. tokenization creates benefits for early adopters and token holders, thereby aligning user incentives toward further growth the bee network. ii. lower transaction fees centralized home sharing platforms rely multiple intermediaries conduct their transactions. each intermediary adds cost that hosts and guests end paying for. these centralized platforms, transaction fees can range from broken down follows: platform fees centralized home sharing platforms charge commission use their platform, which incurred hosts and guests. financial institutions fees (%) financial institutions such visa and mastercard charge flat fees for managing transactions. foreign transaction fees (%) transaction usually requires different denominations. result, foreign transaction fees are charged for transactions made outside the country where the user credit/debit card was issued. currency conversion fees (%) currency conversion fees are the result the dynamic currency conversion (dcc), fee charged see the transaction cost your preferred currency denomination. dcc rates tend worse than traditional rates, but some platforms are known charge the currency conversion fee unbeknownst the user. beenest simply charges commissions hosts and guests utilizing bee, thanks smart contracts automating transactions that bypass commission-based platforms, financial institutions, and currency denominations. the bee token used for all transactions, there are foreign transaction fees currency conversion fees, and all savings are passed back the hosts and guests holding the token. beenest charges commissions hosts and guests utilizing bee, thanks smart contracts automating transactions that bypass commission-based platforms, financial institutions, and currency denominations. beenest only takes tiny cost for "gas" few cents per transaction), addition nominal insurance fee help cover host liabilities. beenest also welcomes newcomers into the ecosystem allowing the use fiat but for small commission: commission for btc, eth (or other utility erc tokens) commission for fiat this commission charged for guests when they chose pay-in method other than bee, and for hosts who prefer get paid-out other than bee. iii. increased security trust beenest provides seamless user experience based trust and security through the blockchain. using its in-house bee token, the beenest platform provides its hosts and guests with privacy, security, and freedom. order use beenest, users have first sign and through basic kyc (know your customer) process ensure that users are real and authenticated. beenest can seamlessly integrate with party authentication platforms and correlates identities with weighted reputation score the bee reputation protocol. beenest handles updating the reputation scores the protocol and pulls the scores whenever needed, e.g. the case conflict. higher scores mean better credibility, and ranges are bucketed lowest, low, neutral, high, highest. lowest (): the user signed but didn't provide wallet address will not allow users host book place but can browse the website low (-): user authenticated providing wallet address along with basic kyc authentication: name, email, address, birthday, ... will allow users book but not host will drive cancellation fees for hosts and guests with low rep score neutral (-): addition fulfilling low requirements, the user uploaded valid proof identification (us driver's license, passport, home ownership) will allow users book and host high (-): addition fulfilling neutral requirements, user has either booked hosted will drive down security deposit price for guests will drive down cancellation fee highest (-): addition fulfilling high requirements, user has given review host guest users can set lower cancellation fees/security deposits users can bypass cancellation thresholds transparent reviews reviews are meant represent honest critique user's experience with service product with the intention informing larger audience. however, the problem with all centralized platforms that these same platforms have the ability modify and delete data will. feedback credibility can become skewed with paper trail while honest opinions can sometimes misrepresented. the class action lawsuit oris levitt vs. yelp! inc, the ninth u.s. circuit court appeals ruled that yelp! inc. has the legal right manipulate their data. yelp! inc. has set the legal precedence data manipulation which raises serious questions whether interactions with centralized platforms can truly genuine. there are also multiple precedences modified reviews concerning airbnb. beenest encourages guests and hosts review each other after the checkout date. reviews are stored the blockchain through the bee reputation protocol and linked the host/guest identities. ensure privacy and keep gas costs minimum, reviews are encrypted and stored off-chain with only hash the review being posted the blockchain. this ensures immutability and prevents post-hoc modification any review. before being posted, the reviews through filter that uses and pattern detection flag profanity racist reviews. those cases the reviews will not posted, and the reviewer's reputation score gets bump down. extreme cases, the reviewer will get banned from using beenest. ttps://cdn.ca.uscourts.gov/datastore/opinions////-.pdf ttps://www.tnooz.com/article/airbnb-as-an-easy-target-curious-tale-of-disappearing-negative-review/ https://www.airbnbhell.com/airbnb-deletes-negative-reviews/ http://thebnblife.com/why-are-there-so-few-bad-reviews-in-airbnb/ bee protocols (p-a-r) ayment- bitration- putation while the ethereum platform still its infancy, new second layer protocols are pushing become more suitable for building complex sharing economy applications like beenest. the bee protocols will greatly benefit ethereum providing solutions for trustless decentralized payments and the inherent problems any network: conflicts and malicious users. these protocols are designed that existing centralized sharing economy applications like couchsurfing airbnb can hook into our protocols tokenize their offerings they choose -giving them access larger and untapped market crypto-enthusiasts. these three protocols can remembered the acronym "p-a-r": payment, arbitration, and reputation. payment protocol send and receive tokens held until fulfillment service arbitration protocol solve disputes through trustless voting reputation protocol manage reputation scores for all entities the bee protocols are mutually beneficial and thus follow metcalfe's law. metcalfe's law states that network increases its value and utility the number shared nodes the network increases. given that the p-a-r protocols are meant used bundle, the value all the protocols increases quadratically with the number dapps built top them, the same way ethereum value increases the number shared protocols increase. metcalfe's law: value/utility network total dapps/users using protocol value individual protocol square sum all dapps/users benefits using the bee p-a-r protocols bundle: faster development cycle ompanies will able increase efficiency and launch products faster, pre-empting competition and increasing market share. reduced integration costs bundling our party integrations into our protocols, developers reduce integration time while getting extensive functionality. faster network bootstrapping using the bee protocols means having access users, their payment history, arbitration history, and reputation scores across all dapps built the ethereum platform. this helps companies determine who are the good actors, overcoming the "cold start" problem when bootstrapping new network. the bee p-a-r protocols follow the best engineering practices that ensure they are generic, cost efficient, and seamless: generic the bee protocols are designed useful and reusable order interpolated for further sharing economy and marketplace dapps such rentals, ridesharing, and e-commerce. cost efficient protocols need cost efficient optimizing the use gas. addition, dapps should given the option utilize cheaper alternatives for expensive on-chain transactions, offloading heavy and complex computations traditional cloud-based solutions. this introduces centralization and reasonable stopgap solution while looking for long term scalable blockchain solution. seamless believe that early dapps need usable the general population through seamless user experience that handles ethereum's current and future limitations while masking the overall complexity the blockchain. all bee code public and open source allow improvements, but also define set best practices inspire future generation sharing economy dapps emerge: decentralized craigslist, ebay, uber, and more that haven't dreamed yet. beenest built top the pillars the bee protocols and other existing second layer ethereum protocols. early implementation ethereum dapp must understand the limitations ethereum properly switches between on-chain/off-chain use the blockchain. addition the bee protocols, are going partnering with other strategic protocols: conversions flexible pay-in and pay-out conversion between bee, btc, eth, and fiat. kyc identity it's important that all users beenest through identity verification. marketplace integrating with strategic marketplace protocols would allow for decentralized listings and bookings. auditing all our smart contracts and protocols will audited parties. now into more details each the bee p-a-r protocols. payment payment lives the core the bee protocols and allows demand-entities pay supply-entities after the supply entity delivers the proper goods services the demand entity, after some predefined time the future. beenest uses the bee payment protocol allow guests pay hosts for bookings. both guests and hosts send bee tokens the payment smart contract. when the booking checkout date passes, and conflicts arise, the contract dispatches the tokens the appropriate addresses. case conflict, the entire sum tokens gets held third arbitration address that the dapp provides. case cancellation after the determined cancellation cut-off time, fee will moved from the canceling entity the other entity. host cancels day before the booking, they lose their cancellation tokens, and the guest takes them. this unlike other platforms that not pay the guests case cancellation. these platforms, this no-fault cancellation serves only punish guests. the payment contract keeps track all the payments progress (keyed payment id), well any payments that went arbitration. once the dispatch done, the payment contract will drop the in-progress payment. similarly, will drop the arbitration payments once the arbitration protocol signals the payment protocol that done. ii. arbitration every system payment that requires trust (i.e. exchange physical goods and services) needs third party mitigate misbehavior. the arbitration protocol acts the hub for dispute resolution. participants stake bee tokens the arbitration protocol contract order participate the arbitration network. the stake amount based the current usd value bee and corresponding absentee rates aimed maintaining arbiter absentee rate <%. stakes from each participant ensures: potential reward for arbiters that participate arbitration. this will encourage active pool arbiters contribute the arbitration system punishment for arbiters who fail render timely decision supply and demand entities not request arbitration frivolously arbitration begins when dispute arises and the payment contract sends its funds arbitration. supply and demand entities must stake flat arbitration fee create arbitration contract. arbiters can signup beenest join the arbiter pool staking tokens the arbitration protocol. all arbiters have reputation scores that fluctuate based decisions made. when dispute initiated, panel least arbiters will selected from the arbiter pool. the likelihood that individual arbiter selected join arbitration panel calculated using the following formula: bee tokens staked arbiter total bee tokens staked all arbiters) arbiter appeals rate) average arbiter appeals rate) number bee tokens staked arbiter indicates the commitment level arbiters ensure timely decision. higher numbers increase the probability the arbiter selected arbitration cases, conversely, determines the consequence arbiter fails render decision. these tokens are returned after arbitration over. arbiter fails make timely decision, the staked tokens will sent the bee token reserve. arbiter appeals rate the rate which the arbiter's decision resulted the dissatisfaction one both parties. beenest aims provide platform where both parties have the opportunity have their voices heard which renders fairer decision. the appeal rate ensures that arbiters who consistently provide inadequate decisions are penalized and removed from the arbitration system. account for arbiters that have lack history the platform, new arbiters are randomly selected for cases until history built indicate the quality their decisions. arbiters are not penalized for incorrect decisions. they only lose their stake they fail render decision within time limit. arbiters vote scale from specifying the percentage (corresponding respectively) the disputed amount the plaintiff should paid. once decision made, the contract gives aggregate the majority voters' reward offering the winning party, and the rest goes the losing party. either party will have chance appeal, halting payments and restarting the process, but will have stake larger amount (at least compensate arbiters and prevent frivolous appeal the losing party. the final verdict will the median dispute amount the arbiter vote. addition amount, arbiters must leave feedback that leads their decision. this ensure that the plaintiff has clear idea the thought process that leads that decision. enough arbiters fail provide adequate decision leading their decision, the plaintiff will have the right appeal. this happens the appeal rate for each arbiter that failed render adequate decision will up, hurting their chances participate future jurisdiction. all parties are paid once the dispute resolved. participating arbiters are paid market rate aimed ensuring timely allocation arbiters (e.g. uber surge pricing). all arbiter's stakes then automatically re-enter the arbitration pool, and the arbiters' once again become eligible judge future dispute. iii. reputation the reputation protocol computes and maintains reputation scores verified entities, globally the ethereum blockchain. any existing and upcoming sharing economy dapps can fetch the reputation any entity, with short breakdown how the score was calculated. analogy, the reputation score similar credit score, and fetching the reputation score similar credit pull. unlike credit scores, the reputation score backed transparent algorithms defined smart contracts and accessible the masses. reputation score integer between and that number being the average multiple reputation scores. the protocol keeps track reputation score for the entity, and able continuously update that score multiple marketplaces for multiple uses. for example, joe has reputation score with the following breakdown: score guest: score host: score arbiter: score seller: score buyer: beenest updates the reputation score based how hosts and guests act the platform. good hosts with high reviews and cancellations have higher scores than those with lower reviews and many cancellations. addition the score, beenest also adds hash the review provided for guest and host entities explanation whenever the reputation score updated. for example, host getting -star review gets bump their reputation score. beenest can use the reputation score later determine the order which listings display search results, i.e. hosts with highest reputation scores can have their rental bumped the top the search results addition hosts/guests, the bee arbitration protocol also updates reputation score arbiters. cryptoeconomics the bee token used within the bee network incentivize good behavior and punish malicious behavior. this creates network effects aligning token holders' goals and attracting early adopters through referrals. token holders also have decentralized governance over the protocols, allowing for continuous deployments backward-compatible improvements the ecosystem. token holders incentives the following stakeholders (hosts property managers, guests, arbiters, and party developers) the bee ecosystem are incentivized use bee for the following reasons: hosts property managers increased revenue: payment protocol osts and property managers profit more per booking beenest opposed airbnb which averages commission. average, host getting booked for nights $/night will end earning beenest compared airbnb. this can result missed earning per year. ii. guests increased value: network effects more guests use the platform, the increased transaction volume creates network effects thus naturally increasing the value and usefulness the beenest platform. this will benefit the guests enabling them book more properties using the same amount utility tokens. decreased costs: payment protocol ecause hosts and property managers will not charged commission fees, they will able decrease rates per night for guests while achieving similar profit margins. guests will benefit experiencing lower costs while traveling. reputation protocol guests have better reputation scores, they not require high security deposit. time savings: arbitration protocol uests will longer have wait long periods time for their canceled bookings refunded them. with our arbitration protocol, refunds are guaranteed processed timely manner. iii. arbiters increased value: arbitration protocol rbiters can acquire extra tokens participating arbitration cases; the more bee tokens staked, the greater the expected return. iv. third party developers increased revenue: protocols teams can quickly build applications around the sharing economy using bee protocols and gain greater market share than competitors who would spend more time developing their product from scratch. decreased costs: protocols teams not need hire solidity ethereum developers who will have write smart contracts (ethereum developers average are paid more than regular full-stack developers) time savings: protocols not need create and audit smart contracts from scratch and worry about the security smart contracts. addition, beenest plans implement referral program incentivize user acquisition hosts, guests, and arbiters. users referring hosts who post listing that results booking will receive bee tokens. token value the number users (guests, hosts, party devs, arbiters) increases does the transaction volume, which increases the amount staked tokens the protocols. this means the number bee tokens circulation (not staked the protocols) goes down with user adoption, which decreases the total supply. number payments: throughout any booking our platform, certain amount bee tokens (booking cost, security deposit, cancellation fees) held the payment protocol until the checkout date. number arbitration cases: arbiters stake more tokens picked more often for judging the arbitration protocol. reputation score compensation: users with poor reputation can build trust with other users staking tokens their transactions. sponsored listings we'll allow hosts with high reputation promote their listings for fee bee. v(token) n(users) why tokenize the bee token acts fuel for the bee protocols. these protocols benefit from distributed database, where rules for governing participants are not uniform and rules for transactions don't change frequently. creating in-house bee token that interacts with the beenest platform allows the network have aligned goals and incentives, prepares platform agnostic singular cryptocurrency digital token, and allows better management the side chain. aligned goals and incentives sing eth directly would align participants the ethereum network the value smart contracts, rather than the value sharing economy, which achieve having bee. platform agnostic eenest believes the potential blockchain technology and cryptocurrency. creating the bee token, beenest created infrastructure that allows flexible the future cryptocurrency digital tokens whether that means the continuing growth ethereum introduction the latest cryptocurrency. side chain management sidechaining mechanism that allows tokens from one blockchain securely used within completely separate blockchain but moved back the original chain necessary. due the changing economics cryptocurrency, side chain allows better economic management our platform. bee token can focus providing greater value its participants terms user experience rather than the changing nature cryptocurrency. summary summary, the bee token takes advantage the changing behaviors millennials and the recent popularity cryptocurrencies and also the inherent misalignment incentives that existing centralized sharing economies create. our three protocols, the p-a-r protocols ayment, bitration, and eputation protocols) used tandem will help dapps and parties increase revenues, decrease costs, and save time. all all, the bee token seeks eliminate inefficiencies through the power smart contracts, which enables organizations operate with completely new business model that distributes value all supporters more equitable fashion. appendix anticipated timeline q-q whitepaper release r&d for beenest architecture and bee protocol specs alpha prototype launch testnet partner with auditing firms audit our contracts finalize partnerships with listing providers san francisco q-q mvp launch san francisco focusing crypto community and hacker houses beenest integrates with third party identity verification and kyc platform beenest supports payment and payout options bee tokens only bee protocols launch testnet and audited parties q-q further expansion hosts and guests san francisco with more a/b testing expand the arbiter pool with arbiters from all over the world bee protocols live ethereum mainnet, and starts integration with dapps launch ios and android apps beenest integrates with third party decentralized kyc protocol beenest integrates with third party currency conversion protocols allow payment and payout eth and all erc tokens, well btc and fiat beenest integrates with third party marketplace protocol allow decentralized listings beenest further expands more cities facilitate integration sharing economy dapps with bee protocols implement governance model for future protocol improvements beta test more automation features (e.g. smart contract-driven lockbox) beenest further expands key cities worldwide bee protocols supports wide range sharing economy dapps the ethereum blockchain token sale total supply: million bee tokens target sale amount: the bee token team will -year vesting schedule. the team will receive their allocation months after the end the public sale. every month thereafter, the team will receive their allocation until the -year vesting schedule finished. one exempt from this vesting schedule including cofounders and advisors. for information presale, join our telegram channel: ttps://t.me/beetoken below the breakdown the funds after the token sale. team the team composed former engineers and product managers from google, facebook, uber, and civic. bring years experience software engineering, entrepreneurship, and business development across many industries. jonathan chou co-founder ceo jonathan serial entrepreneur, helping out with family businesses since the age that were eventually sold sun chemical and most recently, jonathan was lead uber, security fraud division, managing device tampering and preventing account takeovers. previous uber, jonathan worked multiple early-stage startups that eventually exited such grindr and dongwei. jonathan has been passionate about cryptocurrency since and has strong interest applications technology involving the real-world such airbnb and uber. tony tran co-founder cto tony expert machine learning and software development with over decade worth work experience. uber, tony helped lead and develop product features and machine learning models prevent fraud. addition, tony was early engineer bizo (acquired linkedin) where helped design systems optimize targeting. furthermore, tony the founder the san francisco bay area machine learning meetup group. advisors our advisors are industry leading experts within the blockchain and cryptocurrency space. yiseul cho artner blockchain partners korea miko matsumura o-founder evercoin kevin zhou co-founder galois capital richard o-founder alphablock investments anastasia andrianova co-founder apiro capital user acquisition strategy official cryptocurrency housing sponsor beenest's initial market segment the cryptocommunity. will target conferences and events targeting this demographic sponsoring and engaging post-conference networking. this quick way bootstrap our initial network and capitalize brand recognition the main home sharing platform the blockchain. referral program positive word-of-mouth the lowest cost and most effective way generate brand awareness, new leads, and immediate sales. beenest plans implement referral program incentivize user acquisition both hosts and guests. users referring hosts who post listing that results booking will receive bee tokens. likewise, users referring guests that result booking will also receive bee tokens. ambassador program ambassadors are liaisons between company and the community. they serve the voice representing the vision bee token. communities are becoming increasingly interested blockchain technology and smart contracts. beenest plans onboard beenest ambassadors who are excited about the potential decentralized home-sharing platform. promoting events, organizing hackathons, and volunteering for campaigns, believe that the ambassador program will pivotal order grow our developer's community. beenest ambassadors handle: planning and hosting bee/crypto events/meetups developing marketing and outreach programs collecting feedback and sharing ideas further promote the bee protocols and possible use-case applications addition, beenest ambassadors are able obtain tokens through their contributions that further incentivizes them promote the company and its platform. lastly, with the rollout referral program, beenest sees the potential creating self-reinforcing feedback loop that generates more users and awareness for the company and its platform. market growth the short-term housing market only consists centralized home sharing platforms lead airbnb, homeaway, and etc. most operate under similar business model with slight nuances such country focus, target audience, rental time frame. based upon market research and product fit, the beenest's most comparable direct competitor airbnb. global short-term rentals are properties that are either currently available will available host and rent travellers and tourists. the global short-term rental market projected grow cagr from approximately applicable short-term rentals are properties that are either currently used will used host and rent travellers and tourists. all such rental properties are what make the airbnb ecosystem. based publicly available airbnb data, modeled out the growth the applicable short-term rental market and expect this market grow from approximately conflict resolution use cases case without arbitration upon the conclusion stay, guests and hosts have the ability communicate between each other. there dispute they can discuss and agree upon resolution sensible both parties. option that allows the transfer partial all the security deposit available resolve any issues guest will have the option release part all the rental amount the host host will have the option release part all the security deposit the guest when both parties have stated the amounts released from the payment protocol, they must both confirm the agreement for funds released. upon the conclusion the smart contract, the dispute closed and the option review available for both parties case with arbitration within week window (or reasonable timeframe), either party has the ability file dispute and escalate arbitration present valid and strong case, the escalating party must include the following: description unpleasant/wrongful experience evidence support claim (pictures, videos, ...) cost arbitration the other party has days present their case the amount contention the collective sum the security deposit between the host and the guest. upon the conclusion dispute, the losing party has hour window appeal, but must stake larger amount tokens case extreme cases extreme cases damage are rare, nevertheless, beenest promotes the peace mind and well-being hosts ensure seamless and pleasant experience. extreme cases, hosts should through arbitration, then file claim with beenest for damages excess the security amount providing the following documents: police report personal liability insurance any additional description, pictures, ... which case, beenest will have specialized team conflict resolution experts ensure the conclusion dispute. protocol specs payment define the following payment structure that holds all the above information: name type description paymenthash bytes [required] keccak hash all present fields. uniquely identifies payment. supplyentityaddress address [required] address that the supply entity will send/receive tokens from/to. demandentityaddress address [required] address that the demand entity will send/receive tokens from/to. arbitrationaddress address [required] the address move all the tokens corresponding the transaction for arbitration, case dispute. cost uint [required] the cost the good service bee tokens (multiplied ^). securitydeposit uint [optional] applies mostly for services. security deposit not needed, default otherwise specify the number tokens held deposit until the dispatch time, dispute. demandcancellationfee uint [optional] number bee tokens deducted from the demand address, and added the supply address case cancellation before the provided cancellation time. demandcancelbytimeins uint [optional] cut-off time (posix time seconds) for free cancellations. the demand entity cancels after this time, they will charged the provided cancellation fee. supplycancellationfee uint [optional] number bee tokens deducted from the supply address, and added the demand address case cancellation before the provided cancellation time. supplycancelbytimeins uint [optional] cut-off time (posix time seconds) for free cancellations. the supply entity cancels after this time, they will charged the provided cancellation fee. paymentdispatchtimeins uint [recommended] the future time (posix time seconds) which the contract dispatches the tokens the supply entity, and returns any deposits/fees. instantaneous dispatch time highly discouraged. interface function description initpayment bootstraps new payment with the data from the payment structure above. adds new mapping from paymenthash amount tokens held. cancelpayment called when either the supply entity the demand entity decides cancel payment. pay called both supply and demand entities pay the contract. all tokens sent are held until the dispatch time, dispute arises. disputepayment called case conflict. moves the inprogress payment inarbitration, and moves all the tokens into the provided arbitration account. getpaymentstatus returns the status the payment. something along the lines of: pending_dispatch_time, pending_payment, in_arbitration, completed. beenest workflow when booking initiated from the beenest web app, the beenest dapp initializes the payment, passing all the following fields in: the addresses host, guest and arbitration account the total booking cost for all the nights security deposits and cancellation fees the dispatch time going the checkout time hours (to leave time for hosts check for any issues) beenest then waits until the guest and the host send the tokens from the addresses they initialized above: guest pays all the booking fees security deposit cancellation fee insurance host pays the cancellation fee the payment contract checks see that the required amount has been met, and updates the status the payment pending_dispatch_time case dispute: the payment contract transfer all the tokens arbitration account case the dispatch time hit (guest checkout time hours), the hosts and guests get paid guest gets back security deposit cancellation fee ii. host gets booking amount cancellation fee arbitration the following the struct for arbiter: name type description arbiteraddress address arbiter's address. stakedamount bytes the amount that the arbiter wishes stake. marketplace address contract address whitelisted marketplace. required update specific marketplace reputation. (also useful select for specific types arbitration) reputationscore bytes the reputation score (specific score for arbitration). appealsrate bytes percentage judgements repealed (-). interface function description raisedispute triggered someone using bee payment protocol. stake potential arbiters stake tokens for the chance participate arbitration. vote arbiters vote scale favor plaintiff. appeal restarts the process and adds changes state. appearincourt arbiters chosen for particular dispute will need respond within specified timeframe, will lose their stake. beenest workflow upon completion payment contract, either party unhappy with their rental agreement, all funds from the payment contract are sent arbitration. beenest dapp will handle interfacing with both the payment and arbitration protocols. one both parties must then stake flat arbitration fee order pay arbiters judge the dispute. again beenest handles interfacing with the arbitration protocol. once arbiters are chosen, the guest and host must submit their claims and evidence. arbiters then make decision and the dispute amount allocated based off aggregate the majority decision. guests and hosts have another chance challenge the dispute, but are required re-stake tokens pay arbiters. then the workflow follows above. all parties are paid after arbitration finalized. reputation interface function description updatereputationscore takes address for smart contract specifying algorithm compute new score, and generates new global reputation score weighted average the existing scores/algorithms. pullreputationscore returns the reputation score (an integer between and with short breakdown how was computed. beenest workflow beenest has few signals that fire when the reputation needs bumped down. for instance reputation changes whenever the user provides personal information, books place, creates listing, gets reviewed (good bad) gives reviews (good bad). for each these signals beenest will send message the reputation protocol update the score. beenest also would periodic reputation score pull allow users certain functions like adding new listing, sending big payment. reputation score shouldn't significantly change overnight, beenest will cache the score daily. useful links website: thebeetoken.com pitch deck: hebeetoken.com/pitchdeck representation warranty made future performance such forward-looking statements.