beenews:value discovery platform for blockchain and digital currencies white paper contents project background and industrial weakness-------------------------------------------------- project background---------------------------------------------------------------------------------- industrial weakness---------------------------------------------------------------------------------- beenews: value discovery platform for blockchain and digital currencies------------- vision and mission----------------------------------------------------------------------------------- design concept--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- product framework----------------------------------------------------------------------------------- description beenews products------------------------------------------------------------------ beenews product structure-------------------------------------------------------------------------- beenews information flow-------------------------------------------------------------------- beenews knowledge graph------------------------------------------------------------------- beenews community------------------------------------------------------------------------- app distribution platform digital assets----------------------------------------------- beenews original content production platform------------------------------------------ beenews advertising platform-------------------------------------------------------------- the kernel beenews product------------------------------------------------------------------- technology implementation----------------------------------------------------------------------- beenews' technology architecture---------------------------------------------------------------- application layer----------------------------------------------------------------------------- service layer---------------------------------------------------------------------------------- kernel layer----------------------------------------------------------------------------------- meta-graph chain---------------------------------------------------------------------------------- the ecological model beenews--------------------------------------------------------------- the ecological system beenews---------------------------------------------------------------- the token mechanism beenews---------------------------------------------------------------- bkbt's incentive pool----------------------------------------------------------------------- data contributor------------------------------------------------------------------------------ content buyer--------------------------------------------------------------------------------- advertiser-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- commercial prospects------------------------------------------------------------------------------ advertising revenue-------------------------------------------------------------------------------- sharing content revenue------------------------------------------------------------------------ distribution application revenue-------------------------------------------------------------- release plan------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- totals and distribution plan----------------------------------------------------------------------- pre-sale target-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- locked positions team-------------------------------------------------------------------------- use funds----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- development plan------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ funds and investors--------------------------------------------------------------------------------- foundation------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ early investors-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- risk statement------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- disclaimer------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- risk notice------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- contact us------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- abstract beenews the value discovery platform for blockchain and digital currencies based meta-graph chain (bkbt-token), for providing the users with the smart feeds, knowledge graph, cv-rank index (coin volatility rank), and growth track index the digital currency, assisting the users seeking for value investment and avoiding the investment blind points, and popularizing the block chain knowledge drive the healthy development the block chain ecosystem. recommends the smart feeds the users according their interest and habit, and via the deep machine learning; can update the digital currency information searched for the whole network; via data cleaning and structuralization, forms the knowledge graph digital currency, constructs the cv-rank index, and quickly and accurately reflects the short-term price fluctuation digital currency; the block chain technology applied mine compute, and reconstruct the complete internet information, real-time market information and other data hundreds dimensions the digital currency each the time points, form the beenews digital currency growth track index, facilitate the users estimate the long-term value the digital currency; the independently developed meta-graph chain the public chain for tracing the source data based block chain technology, which could used build the follow-up and evaluation system for global digital assets. project background and industrial weakness project background klaus schwab, founder world economic forum, believes that after the invention the steam engine, computer and discovery electricity, are now the fourth industrial revolution--the digital revolution, which the core achievement blockchain. its decentralization, irreversibility and value upper chain have resulted great reform the production relationship, and created brand-new world: oliver bussmann, chief investment officer swiss bank ubs puts that blockchain would the greatest disruption force the financial field ever; elon musk, founder tesla and spacex, believes that the blockchain will play key role artificial intelligence development and regulation; founder facebook zuckerberg discloses that would explore the application blockchain technologies facebook; october pokitdok launched the blockchain named dokchain, which applied distributed network processing the financial and clinic data and affairs the medical treatment industry; august doc.ai incorporated announced launch the quantitative biological platform natural language processing (nlp) based blockchain. adds the time stamp the data using blockchain, and processes plenty medical data via the artificial intelligence, provide the users with personalized health feedback; november health wizz claimed launch mobile platform, which, taking advantage blockchain, mobile technologies and data management technologies, helps patients organize their case materials they have access their own database whenever and wherever. since price the bitcoin has grew from the lowest usd the highest beyond usd,, which the supreme growth rate more than times., while ethereum, rises from usd usd,, above with the highest growth rate exceeding times. besides, there are countless digital currencies with growth rate one hundred, one thousand times and even ten thousand times like iota. just china, the number digital currency holders increased from the beginning million the end the year. currency holders persons) jan. growth digital currency holders china, feb. mar. apr. may jun. jul. aug. sept. oct. nov. dec. yet, the beginning rise great industry, inevitably, abundant manifestation forms accompany, such internet bubble. presently, blockchain has been seen increasing application various fields, where digital currencies have exceeded kinds globally, and new blockchain forms are formed every day. growth global digital currencies, jan. feb. mar. apr. may jun. jul. aug. sep. oct. nov. dec. industrial weakness ordinary user, how seek for the value depression blockchain projects and digital currencies, and avoid the investment blindness, there are four following pain points: more than projects are forged: since the block chain industry now cruelly growing state, lack related supervision, low cost forging, therefore many organizations obtain higher market value depending false statement project progress and over package team, which leads great investment risk. the media not objective neutral: central media have effective screening mechanism examine information accuracy, and all parties are interrelated interest, leaving the investors misled. lack effective evaluation system for the projects: there isn't decentralized scientific value evaluation system for objectively assessing the projects help the users avoid investment blind points. bias blockchain: limited practitioners, high entry barrier and lack ways understand blockchain for common participants cause serious bias the public blockchain. beenews: value discovery platform for blockchain and digital currencies vision and mission beenews dedicated becoming the largest value discovery platform for blockchain and digital currencies the world, helping users discover the value depression and avoid investment pitfalls, and driving the healthy development the blockchain ecology. moreover, meta-graph chain developed independently can considers the public chain for data sourcing based the blockchain technologies. could form the tracking evaluation system for global digital assets. design concept based digging, computation, reconstitution and intelligent recommendation the information digital currencies the basis blockchain technology, beenews manages play the fullest role the data. and with the help algorithm, beenews presents the really valuable data its users. intelligent recommendation information: based the blockchain spider engine and whole-network search pool digital currency information, intelligent information recommendation according users' preference accessible. digital currency knowledge graph: continuous upgrading, iteration and structurization data nearly dimensions the digital currencies, also various weights matching form the knowledge graph for each the digital currencies. cv-rank: launch the cv-rank originated the graph, help users timely and accurately assess the short-term fluctuation the digital currencies. growth track index (gti) the digital currencies: basis the cv-rank, long-term tracking and analysis digital currencies, complete recording the growth track digital currencies the blockchain for growth track index, which are useful scientific and accurate evaluation the long-term value such currencies, helping the users find the value depression, investment traps avoiding, and value investment realization. product framework description beenews products beenews the value discovery platform for blockchain and digital currencies based meta-graph chain. unlike traditional news platforms, beenews, backed the blockchain and self-owned core algorithm, offers users digital currency information recommendation intelligent way, complete digital currency knowledge graph, and convenient information exchange channel. according users' personal preference data risk types and attention fields, intelligent recommendation different types digital currency information can help them obtain the relevant information digital currency more conveniently. ii. information knowledge graph digital currencies and its index: the data dimension reduction, noise removal, feature extraction, model training, etc., based mass data processing and deeply learning algorithm, eventually would form the final result output after the quantitative factor optimization and unification. the core the processing daily average grade-t mass data, including the blockchain data, various kinds trading platform data, user participation data, information team creditworthiness, market assessment data, popularity searching data, etc. via number algorithm model training the artificial intelligence technology system, quantifies the data all the behaviors the digital currency market, and produces the complete knowledge graph the digital currencies, and unique cv-rank that direct indicator assist the users evaluating the short-term fluctuation the digital currencies. the cv-rank information, rooting the blockchain, extends time dimension, thus forms the gti. cv-rank and gti are stored distributed way, this radically prevented data loss change, which means even the owners the cv-rank and gti can't change the data, either. result, the data completeness and reliability are fully ensured. iii. knowledge graph based the digital currencies provides the community platform realize the interactions between kol and ordinary users among ordinary users, this, definitely accelerates the information flow and help users make decisions. iv. participants the platform could earn the bkbt-token long-term viewing, content contribution, actively joining community and inviting friends and on. additionally contributors quality content could win bkbt-token. beenews also has information about accurate target-users business, and serves external developers and advertisers. beenews product structure beenews information flow beenews information flow the core content entrance the beenews products. based the scrapy engine, grabs and searches for the digital currency information, trading information and social contents the whole network, thus recommends the information intelligent way with the help recommendation engine. the users could have the interactions like clicking the "like", forwarding, commenting, rewarding "no more recommendation". beenews information flow mainly featured with: focused blockchain and digital currency fields, intelligent recommendation, users viewing, and social behaviors combined with token incentive. beenews knowledge graph far, beenews has established complete knowledge graph containing over digital currencies, which includes following three categories: information dimension: including but not limited releasing team information, founder information, financing size, popularity searching, media judgment, third-party information judgment, etc.; ii. trading dimension: connected with api various major exchanges, obtain the information about trading volume, change trend, price, etc. iii. social dimension: beenews platform encourages the kol and ordinary users share their opinions, including "optimistic", "waiting and seeing", "rewarding", "forwarding and recommending" and other social behaviors different dimensions. data various dimensions continues update and iterate and structure, matching different weights, establish the knowledge graph for each digital currency. based the knowledge graph, launches the cv-rank, which the direct indicator assist the users evaluating the short-term fluctuation the digital currencies. rooting cv-rank, long-term tracking and analyzing digital currencies, and complete recording its growth track blockchain, form gti. beenews community the view "digital currency knowledge graph", beenews has developed relevant user community, and encouraged the participant create column, share their opinions communication, where the users could mutually follow and "like" each other and they can see their friends' dynamics from timeline information flow. conversely, all community user behaviors could improve and enrich the knowledge graph return, where they also could get relevant rewards terms bkbt-token according their activity. app distribution platform for digital assets crypto-currency application distribution platform beenews (ccadp) the core module beenews, which dedicated creating safe, reliable and quality dapp and app download experience, and providing the beenews users with the one-stop services from information downloading. truly solution the problems such difficulty searching for installation package, downloading, indentifying, and using, faced common users now. this ensures that the users download official app rather than phishing ones stealing the digital assets users. ccadp serves both android and ios platforms, and strictly reviews, evaluates and rates the qualification developers. beenews original content production platform the core purpose the original content platform (ocp) excavate talented creators blockchain content, share high-quality blockchain apps, output digital currency value information, and promote the whole platform develop positively. the ocp gives creators different levels platform incentives, and the same time, creators also enjoy the rewards from users. the function improvement platform, various realization functions, like product embedding, advertisement placement, investment portfolio demonstration for sales, and annual subscription would also supplied the ocp. ocp considered important part beenews information flow, which certain rate token incentive pool would reserved for long-term support for such platforms. beenews advertising platform the wake expansion user base and increase flow the beenews platform, beenews would provide the independent advertising platform serve the advertisers the blockchain ecosphere. beenews advertising platform provides the information flow, community, ccadp, original content and blockchain ads, etc. various scenes and forms, aid the advertiser grab target audience. the kernel beenews product blockchain spider engine ("bse" for short) digital currency knowledge graph ("dkg") beenews coin volativity rank ("cv-rank") information recommendation engine ("ire") content creative engine ("cce") bse beenews' core data engine which searches the network-wide digital currency information and forms source for core data beenews information flow. for bse-based data accumulation, establish the dkg accordingly. the classification basic dimension data dkg follows: team member reputation information, may classified into categories such high-quality, normal, relatively common and high-risk; search popularity, may classified into categories such sustainable growth, decrease, stable and shock; community data, market sentiments are classified into categories such buy, sell and wait-and-see; currency price, kind currency may classified into categories such micro-value, small-value, medium-value and large-value. features digital currency the whole blockchain market are extracted and classified the above methods. this market n-dimension market. there are categories for each dimension, then each digital currency quantified nxm matrix, and the prices, trends, user evaluations and others nxm combination cases are sorted form cv-rank. the cv-rank will directly reflect the short-term market fluctuation degree the digital currency. the score this dimension; the weight; regulatory factor used adjust deviation according the algorithm for period; single-dimension quantized feature value. the second round weighting and computation based vector dimensions will result cv-rank. based the existing spider data and user profile, ire provides accurate and intelligent recommendations the information flow, through using aspects processing--semantic computation, classification, information extraction, sequence labeling, behavioral sequence mining, and knowledge base mining. cce cce analysis product that beenews gives any content creator based cv-rank. this product offers complete market trend change, user's hot spots description, intra-station user's behavior analysis, market information blind-spot monitoring and other functions serve content creators. thus, promotes the higher-quality and higher-efficiency output content creators and virtuous circulation content ecology. technology implementation beenews' technology architecture application layer about application layer, beenews mainly divided into dkg, beenews application and ccadp. dkg data set for digital currency development process and structural relationship generated spider engine and filtering algorithm, which makes users access comprehensive single digital currency evaluation graph, users can rapidly get credible digital currency evaluation and form contrast index based cv-rank score. beenews "headline snowball" blockchain and digital currency fields, that focuses beenews contents and user interaction community. ccadp digital asset application distribution platform which ensures that users can download official apps after passing the credibility validation, and puts end the steal users' digital assets result phishing apps. service layer the service layer mainly consists api, storage service, search service, information flow recommendation service and advertising service: api makes platform capabilities public the third-party partners through programmatic interfaces, improve the ecological capacity beenews. the future, blockchain-related services will provided the third-party partners and developers through api, lower the development threshold blockchain dapp; storage service and search service mean form higher-performance data storage service and search service based the decentralized storage data, e.g.: the data stored the database order use mature database products and big data analysis frameworks improve the data storage and search service ability; information flow recommendation service and advertising service are also widely applied the existing internet products. account current mainstream data storage and search products, the information flow recommendation service and advertising service can put place quickly. kernel layer data aggregation engine: includes two parts--spider engine and cce. the spider engine collects dimension data related digital currency using spider technologies, and through computes, filters, processes and structural data forming, valuable data source for graph data appears. however, cce, which content creators are exposed complete market trend change, user's hot spots description, intra-station user's behavior analysis, market information blind-spot monitoring, etc., this promotes the output much higher-quality and higher-efficiency, and more positive circle content ecology. distributed storage: data aggregation engine forms structural data for all dimensions digital currency and stores data decentralized manner (e.g.: storj/ipfs), then generates the gti and cv-rank for the digital currency using digital currency graph algorithm. smart contract: data aggregation engine and the decentralized storage address problems about data source and trusted storage, where such contracts record the digital currency growth track traceable way blockchain, which credible and can not tampered with. beenews will initially deploy contracts, basis eth blockchain, which are classified into graph contract and index contract: generally, the former records graph data and version single digital currency, even case any change graph data single digital currency, the development track can clearly traced version; background that there are far more than kinds digital currency, yet, the introduction the latter contract can greatly solve the lookup problem about validity graph contract, and provide indexing mechanism for various graph contracts for achieving quicker lookup and confirmation. meta-graph chain meta-graph chain public chain system which includes the smart contract system and implemented the second phase beenews. consensus algorithm: meta-graph chain uses efficient dpos consensus algorithm. it's been fully verified bitshares and steem systems. eos system also utilizes dpos, consensus algorithm, can effectively improve any performance similar transaction processing eth; nodes: meta-graph chain divided into validator node and normal node. wherein, the former will responsible for the validation and packaging all transactions, while the blockchain commission used stimulate the validator node. order prevent the validator node from doing evil, the validator node required pledge certain amount bkbt token become candidate validator the system. the candidate validator shall obtain the validator qualification through the pseudo-random algorithm, and group validators shall reselected every blocks ensure balance between the number validators and the number passing blocks. meta-graph chain vm: meta-graph chain will designed compatible with the most active eth solidity the current community. for the convenience dapp developers, the meta-graph chain will provide more advanced api interface and high-level language sdk reduce the dapp development threshold. ecology meta-graph chain: meta-graph chain provides more convenient interface for the developers through using smart contract and api. meta-graph chain uses api open the data evidence storage capacity, traceability, smart contract and other advanced blockchain development functions, which can used support financial assets (digital assets, stocks, futures), exiting medical data evidence, copyright registration, supply chain finance, etc. beenews' ecological model effectively motivate participants and realize the ecological development platform, beenews will issue token-bkbt. bkbt the token issued based the ethereum erc standard and serves important value medium tool the ecological chain beenews. beenews platform, all participants are effectively connected together the sharing and use data, meanwhile, the acquisition and consumption token are jointly bound, which brings healthy and constructive development beenews ecological system. any users' behavior this system, such activity, growth and creating, rewarded with bkbt-token. beenews' ecological system beenews' ecological system includes two crucial ecological platforms (i.e. advertising platform and "pay for contents") and three key roles (i.e. creator content provider, user and advertiser). advertising platform: based the popularization blockchain technology and the growth penetration rate digital currency, beenews platform will attract more advertisers run ads token-consumed manner. "pay for contents": the platform grows size, more creators and content providers will enter the platform supply exclusive and premium content products, some which will offered the form paid subscription. however, matter free contents the paid subscription, readers both need spend certain token. these three key roles beenews' ecological system are involved the entire process from content creation consumption, which also accompanied the production and transfer bkbt token. beenews' token mechanism that bkbt token that beenews platform issues order ensure its ecosystem effectively operated, and any activity beenews's system shall connected bkbt, thus very important design set fair, just and reasonable token mechanism. bkbt's incentive pool beenews system, reserved token pool will set distributed the users rewarded the platform. everyday, the quantity token the pool will gradually decrease over time. according such distribution algorithm model token, the redundant token everyday shall reserved for the next day. data contributor beenews' ecological system, users can obtain bkbt-token light their respective contribution, and the obtained bkbt-token can used buy services the beenews platform. for the data contributed the users, the system will allocate the intraday bkbt-token accordance with three major models, namely, encouragement activity ("eoa"), encouragement growth ("eog") for dau, and encouragement creation ("eoc"). encouragement activity ("eoa") beenews platform users can get bkbt-token according their personal activity every day, whose personal incentives will allocated the eoa algorithm based their contribution performance. account three-dimensional indicators, beenews will carry out quantitative identification for user's activity: the quantized data user behaviors, which will used for quantitative evaluation and judgment for user behaviors. active behaviors: the number starts, the duration browse, the number ugc, the frequency forwarding, the number likes, etc.; passive behaviors: the number received likes, the amount received gratuity, the number received complaints (negative points), etc.; the behavioral weight, and the corresponding weight ratio established for each action item; the corresponding incentive proportion, and different bkbt-token incentive proportion established for each concrete action item. encouragement growth ("eog") for dau beenews synchronously creates new user-driven incentive system. through the sharing mechanism, any user can invite new users register and thus obtain the bkbt-token from the platform. the invitee will also receive the bkbt-token from the platform through the eog algorithm. multilayer revenue system built for the sharing invitees, e.g.: user draws users level through the sharing mechanism, that is, then, users level draw users level that is, =m; and on... the user level achieved and that is, the number user levels more than then (k) income shall be: (k) m*q the total number users below level and the corresponding incentive proportion; the total number users above level and the corresponding incentive proportion. encouragement creation ("eoc") high-quality content creators are encouraged continuously create contents the platform, and corresponding grading will conducted based multiple dimensions like the quantity, and frequency creation, reading quantity, the number likes, the frequency forwarding and the amount gratuity. the income for each content creator shall settled daily basis: different score estimate value and different weight value are provided for each dimension. the bkbt-token incentive proportion relation the product and content buyer any content creator we-media content creator can publish free paid content products the beenews platform. then, users the platform have choices obtain them free paid, both which require the users consume the bkbt-token held them; and the corresponding service providers get the bkbt-token accordingly. advertiser because beenews flow characteristics, any advertiser can perform various forms advertising the platform, but certain amount bkbt token required. commercial prospects beenews committed becoming the world's largest blockchain and digital currency value discovering platform which helps users seek for value depression and avoid the investment blind spots, popularizes the blockchain knowledge. finally, these would promote the healthy development the blockchain ecology. the same time, the independently development meta-graph chain based blockchain technology public chain for tracing data source, which could used build tracking and evaluation system for global digital assets. advertising revenue make money advertising one the important business models beenews. beenews makes many things possible, such intelligent and reliable blockchain advertising and value analysis system. all these are achieve maximum benefits for all parties. sharing content revenue the amout beenews' user increases, beenews will invite more creators and developers enter the platform provide better contents and services. beenews will get certain percentage charges from user gratuity, user subscription, membership revenue, content e-commerce, decision-making data analysis and other value-added services, realize its business income the contents. distribution application revenue beenews where users have channels download dapps and apps. and the corresponding distribution income generating from the third-party application recommendations also one income sources beenews. release plan totals and distribution plan the total bkbt token the quantity billion, and the distribution plan follows: distribution proportion early pre-sale managed fund incentive fund for ecology r&d team and early contributor distribution plan early pre-sale this part shall used technical r&d costs, hardware, broadband cost inputs, project operations and project marketing beenews platform, etc. managed fund order promote the long-term prosperity and development beenews, necessary constantly attract talents work with us. the same time, must reach some important milestones the development beenews with more partners. therefore this part designed motivate follow-up high contribution team partners and key business partners. incentive fund for ecology beenews will reserve bkbt token incentive fund for ecology, which used for motivating user's activity, growth and creation. r&d team and early contributor r&d team offered full product and technical support for the birth and development beenews, making great deal effort. early contributors provided indispensable part the construction beenews through supplying strong resources and funds, certain token was given the r&d team and early contributors reasonable share. pre-sale target the pre-sale distribution accounted for the total circulation, billion bkbt tokens totally. pre-sale target open for specific overseas buyers (non-mainland chinese residents) only. locked positions team the founding team held bkbt that will fully locked after the pre-sale. use funds the raised funds will used for the following purposes: laws and regulations marketing consultant marketing human cost company operations human cost risk funds commercial development company operations marketing marketing consultant commercial development laws and regulations risk funds instructions for the use funds raised: item proportion human cost company operations marketing commercial development consultation risk funds laws regulations and description the realization beenews needs elite talents internet, blockchain, distributed networks, finance, etc. can meet the relevant costs years. the company uses the traditional internet management model. can meet the relevant costs years. can meet the costs for brand, advertising, cross-border cooperation, etc. years. beenews needs support the commercial development various types communities maximize the commercial value. with the rapid development the blockchain, beenews needs this fund for development. shall used for dealing with unpredictable risks. shall used for inviting outstanding forensic and compliance experts digital currency, blockchain, financial science and technology. development plan team and investors foundation beenews community will managed foundation singapore. legal entity beenews community, the foundation responsible for technology development, business promotion and community operations beenews, bearing all beenews' legal liabilities. additionally, beenews found committee involves the following subordinates: decision-making committee: the decision-making committee, which the highest decision-making body the foundation, manages all subordinate executing agencies and has power decide the use, rewards, penalties and freezing the funds. the members the decision-making committees are elected the community. the decision-making committee has term two years. upon expiration the term, will elected beenews community. the decision-making committee has subordinate executing agencies, shown the figure: decision-making committee audit institution business committee technical committee community committee public relations committee personnel and finance committee business committee responsible for business promotion, business development, ecological construction, etc. beenews. technical committee responsible for technology development and management, code open source management, github open source code maintenance, community technology update and evaluation, etc. beenews. community committee responsible for beenews community's operation and management, event planning, resource connection, distribution community rewards, implementation community punishment. personnel and finance committee responsible for distribution daily allowance for beenews foundation members, normal financial expenses and volunteer recruitment and on. early investors juxie evangelist and investor early blockchain projects the bitcoin field, founding member bitsclub, early participant bitshares and ethereum, and council member bitshares. bkfund bkfund, fund incubated distributed capital that focused digital assets december far, which has invested nearly projects, including hashgard, etc. jrr crypto jrr crypto, headquartered switzerland, the world's leading pioneer the block chain industry and encrypted digital currency, dedicated building first block-chain "distributed investment bank" the world. jrr crypto mainly engaged business units: incubator and industrial park, business consulting, investment bank service, industrial fund, trading platform, secondary market trading and digital asset management. additionally, jrr capital, industrial fund under jrr crypto, focuses the investment and ecological construction global high-quality block chain projects, such as, including the world's leading block chain asset trading platform (binance.com). jrr john ronald reuel tolkien, the creator the lord the rings and the hobbit, has devoted his whole life depicting world that neither subject the limitations the physical space nor the reality. this also the source from which jrr crypto brand comes. jrr crypto insists that the future the block chain brand-new and fantasy, and jrr crypto will committed guard for the world block chain, create beautiful future world with the dreamers block chain. waterdrip capital waterdrip capital professional investment fund the area the blockchain, which was founded early enthusiasts and practitioners entering the industry during the fund committed perfecting the ecological investment the block chain industrial chain, promoting the technology investment the underlying development the block chain, and integrating the application investment the block chain and the real business scenario. betterfriend fund betterfriend fund concentrates early investment high-tech directions, such mar-tech, broad digital marketing, and block chain technology. this fund not only assembles the senior promoters and leaders the mar-tech field, but also combines the new strength the traditional financial and financial technology. besides, because its strong connections and resources the industry, along with diversified and exclusive exit channel, where lots projects can well incubated and developed. the same time, the management team skilled the operation the traditional capital market, the operation process the fund, and the risk control careful and complete, so, here the interests investors can well ensured. risk statement disclaimer this document used convey information for reference only, and shall not constitute any buying and selling recommendation, solicitation invitation sales shares securities beenews and its relevant companies. parts this document shall not construed provision any act purchase and sale, contract commitment any form. given the unpredictable circumstances, objectives listed this white paper may change. the team will all they can achieve all the objectives this white paper, but all individuals groups who buy bkbt token shall assume risks their own. parts the document may correspondingly adjusted the latest version white paper with the project progress, and the team will make updates available the public publishing bulletin new white paper the website other means. beenews makes clear that will not assume direct indirect losses caused participants, including: relying the document content; errors, omissions inaccurate information this document; any act resulted from this document. the team will make efforts achieve objectives mentioned the document, however, considering the existence force majeure, the team cannot completely promise accomplish all objectives. bkbt token tool functioning effectively beenews platform, rather than investment. neither kind ownership nor control. control over bkbt token does not represent ownership beenews beenews applications. beenews does not delegate any individual any right participate in, control make any decision concerning beenews and beenews applications. cannot ensure that bkbt token will appreciate, because its price may also decline some cases. the maximum extent permitted applicable law, the team not responsible for damage and risk arising from participation, including but not limited direct indirect personal damage, loss commercial profit, loss business information any other economic losses. beenews platform clearly conveys the possible risks participants, whose participation beenews' initial issue represents that they have confirmed that they understand and recognize the terms and conditions the rules, and accept potential risks this platform and take the consequences their own. risk prompts there are risks the development, maintenance and operation beenews, many which are beyond the control the developer beenews. addition anything described this white paper, participants also please fully understand and agree accept the following risks: market risk bkbt token price and the entire digital currency market closely linked the situation, such the overall market downturn, the existence other uncontrollable factors, may cause bkbt token itself has good prospects, but the price still underestimated state for long time. risk associated with ethereum core protocol: beenews and bkbt token applications were initially developed based the ethereum protocol and therefore any failure, unexpected feature issue, attack any ethereum core protocol could potentially lead the use bkbt token beenews application stop work lack functionality unexpected ways until metasearch chain development enters stable, mature phase. regulatory risk blockchain still early development, therefore, there are not relevant regulatory document respect precondition, trading requirement, information disclosure requirement and locking requirement the process around the globe. besides, unclear how the current policy will implemented. all these factors may have uncertain impact investment and liquidity the project. blockchain technology has become the main target supervision all major countries over the world. the regulatory bodies get involved exert influence, beenews applications may affected it. for example, laws and decrees may restrict, impede even directly terminate the development beenews applications. competing risk numerous competitive projects the blockchain industry led strong pressure market competition and project operating. whether beenews project can break through great deal outstanding projects not not only linked all aspects its own team capabilities and vision planning, but also influenced many competitors and even oligarch the market, which widely accepted. the meantime, there the possibility facing vicious competition. brain drain risk beenews gathers talent team with vigor and strength, including professionals engaged the blockchain industry for long time and technical developers with broad experience. the future development, can not rule out the possibility the core personnel leaving the team and conflicts within the team, which negatively affecting beenews. technical risk project the accelerated development cryptography the technologic development, such as, the development quantum computers, has the risk cracking, which may lead the loss bkbt token. during the renewal process project, there may some loopholes. once the loopholes are discovered, they will repaired promptly, but there guarantee that this will not cause any impact. risk lacking attention applications beenews applications are probably not used large number individuals organizations, which means that the public not interested enough exploring and developing these relevant distributed applications. such phenomenon lack interest may bring negative impact beenews applications. risk hacker: hackers other organizations may attempt interrupt beenews applications any way, including but not limited denial service attack, sybil attack, malware attack homogeneity attack. risk uninsured losses unlike account bank other financial institutions, there usually insurance protection for storage beenews account relevant blockchain-based network. public individual organization will underwrite your losses any case. other unforeseen risks there are still some risks yet not mentioned predicted the founding team, addition those mentioned this white paper. furthermore, other risks are also likely arise suddenly combination many kinds mentioned risks. participants should fully know the team background and overall framework the project and ideas before engaging the decision-making. contact official website: www.beekan.org email address: info@beekan.org