the belacam white paper belacam overview what belacam.com social media site, founded where people earn money online fun, social setting. the centerpiece the platform familiar content sharing system. belacam used just like instagram users post their own photos and videos, follow each other, and give likes. however, each like microdonation the bela token given from the liker the liked user. each photo 'like' conveys one bela (about $.), which the receiver can withdraw use like another person's photo. mission are building platform for people earn meaningful amount money simple and legitimate way without having taught new skills. belacam, originally intended the "instagram cryptocurrency," has become earning platform for impoverished communities, cryptocurrency enthusiasts, and everyday smartphone users. dedicated users can earn about dollar per photo, and the top users are already earning much per post. americans, that's some nice extra change, but for people impoverished countries, this can life-changing. see students rural brazil photograph their school day earn what most kids get with their weekly allowances. there's entire group farmers vietnam and indonesia who post pictures their crops supplement their harvest income. when venezuelan belacam, their country's hyperinflation and strict monetary controls can't touch their earnings. with belacam, people are able take their passion and creativity and pursue level playing field. this how belacam helps people around the world access economic opportunity, become internet entrepreneurs, and reach their full potential. the bela community have users from all around the world. belacam users are male while are female. users are younger than years old. according google analytics, our users' largest interests are finance and investing, followed business and entrepreneurship, and finally, online entertainment. the one thing that our users all have common their ambition for earning online. they're go-getters, and they love adopting new tech startups before the mainstream masses. this the profile sergey, belacam user and bela holder. has earned over bela via likes his content belacam. the bela token history the bela cryptocurrency was initially launched fork litecoin january, serial coin developer new jersey. soon after, bela was listed the poloniex crypto exchange. the developer passed leadership bela over our current team, and began develop belacam: bela's first real use case. poloniex, bela quickly gained reputation fun coin trade. being small market-cap coin, the markets were more volatile and exciting than many the large market-cap coins. bela was relatable well average traders could easily understand and evaluate our social-media product, which rare cryptocurrency markets. the months following our takeover bela, the coin saw million trading volume. despite the trading success, bela's blockchain was lagging far behind industry standards. operating with much our code, the blockchain would occasionally get "stuck," and transactions could take long hours process. recognized that this tech could not scale fulfill our mission, set out overhaul bela's entire codebase. throughout april and may updated bela's source code from litecoin fork blockchain erc- token. the new bela integrates seamlessly into other erc--supporting products, like binance's trust wallet for the iphone. unfortunately, poloniex did not update their deposit and withdrawal system support the new bela, and bela trading poloniex was discontinued. bela now trades other exchanges: mercatox.com, ooobtc.com, and coinexchange.io. our team regularly seeks new and larger exchange listings, and are confident that they will come belacam continues grow. technical specs bela erc- token that piggybacks ethereum's blockchain. whenever ethereum blocks are mined, bela transactions are processed well the same miners. when the world-class developers ethereum update its code, bela benefits from the same upgrades. here the only information that needed integrate bela into any erc- compatible wallets and infrastructure, like myetherwallet, parity, etc.: ticker symbol bela contract address: xeaebcedcaaabdb decimals staking the current supply bela around million, and about million new bela are minted every year. million are distributed bela holders and million our company for operating and promotional expenses. the million bela distributed bela holders are created through unique staking process that mimics proof-of-stake. users "lock up" some bela smart contract for days and earn interest after the month-long maturation period, like bank cd. developed this feature from scratch, and bela remains one the only erc- tokens offer staking. iphone staking app the coming months will make bela one the most accessible interest-bearing cryptocurrencies existence. belacam detail growth after more than year beta testing with users, the final-release belacam.com was launched july th, the next few months, found our stride, and strong traction took hold january each month this year, have nearly doubled our web traffic and user engagement from the month prior. belacam.com web traffic and engagements unique site visitors site pageviews january february (+%) (+%) march (+%) april (+%) (+%) may (+%) (+%) the next few months, are releasing the belacam iphone app. this should spur dramatic increase our growth numbers, especially western countries. we've brought hundreds thousands people our platform with only website, and mobile app will open the floodgates for millions come. team tyler marx (ceo): tyler rising th-year student the university virginia majoring economics and minoring entrepreneurship. uva, venture partner with contrary capital firm that invests university founders) and previously worked with cav angels (the angel investing network for uva alumni). was named one the top young entrepreneurs the nation the nfib. before belacam, tyler founded broad bay boards, which sold officially licensed collegiate-logo skateboards for schools like alabama and florida state. tyler taught himself code when was and fascinated with the ability the internet provide income for people around the world. tanner roughton (coo) tanner attended virginia commonwealth university for year before departing school build belacam. with years experience hospitality, tanner charismatic motivator who has mobilized thousands belacam supporters promote the site around the world. tanner has been involved the cryptocurrency space since mark galant (investor) mark the founder forex.com gain capital and grew his company valuation over billion with ipo the new york stock exchange. forex.com handled nearly trillion retail foreign exchange volume. mark provided seed investment $,. doni jurabayev (lead developer) doni helped write the django programming language, which forms the base code that powers sites like belacam and instagram. doni lives and works remotely from germany and equity-holding team member belacam. rob masri (advisor) rob professor the university virginia school law and previously raised over million the founder cardigan networks, mobile loyalty and advertising startup. belacam revenue model by-product creating site with motivated earners who are familiar with cryptocurrencies that our audience extremely valuable advertisers. ads that target cryptocurrency users can pay high per impressions/views, which nearly the average fee for google adsense impressions ($. per ,). our focus this summer building out our native platform and taking inspiration from the admin panel and advertiser tools that facebook offers businesses. our ads are proving extremely effective sending traffic that converts into users. here are some highlights our promotional successes far: mercatox.com crypto exchange gained registered users. the past users register for mercatox, them came from belacam. mercatox lists over coins including bela, and directly refer the most traders out all their listed cryptocurrencies. presearch search engine gained registered users amplify exchange gained over pre-registrations before the exchange launch brave browser gained over browser downloads belacam growth over the next year the mobile app see belacam mobile app for iphones and androids the key our expansion throughout europe and the united states and significant factor user retention for international users. the belacam mobile app currently development with expected release before the end the summer. increasing revenue and profit continue develop our advertising platform, allowing companies tap into the belacam crypto community. advertisements will improve three fronts: the users' experience: ads need relevant our users' interests and languages. ads should also rotate users don't get bored from seeing the same excessively. valuable campaigns: will continue build out analytical report for campaigns. strong report should help our advertisers better understand who interacts with their ads, which ads work best, and offer suggestions for increasing the effectiveness future campaigns. the sales cycle: intend move the majority our sales from outbound offers inbound sales interests. building advertisement dashboard where companies can purchase, track, and alter active campaigns similar manner facebook ads crucial for solidifying belacam the best website for crypto marketing and promotions. improving the belacam user experience belacam grows become the cryptocurrency social media site, need improve its features offer the best experience possible for our users. break down belacam into separate components (photo-posting, notifications, etc.) and strive for perfection each piece, one time. this leads tangible improvements weekly basis, evidenced increasing user engagement, traffic, and retention. more bela exchange listings belacam grows, our user base demands variety exchange options for trading bela. our team working secure more exchange listings for bela with focus both bitcoin and fiat markets. more info belacam info belacam website: https://belacam.com general mail: mail@belacam.com telegram: https://t.me/letslivebela twitter: https://twitter.com/belacamofficial the team's contact tyler marx (ceo): tyler@ambiafund.com tanner roughton (coo): tanner@ambiafund.com bela info the bela token website: https://livebela.com