contents executive summary crux the blockchain technology perks blockchain technology digital economy the nucleus traditional economy how digital economy benefits how cryptocurrency changed the world growth bitcoin bitcoin vs. altcoins problem statement beldex much needed solution what does beldex do? unique features beldex privacy coins how different from other currencies? beldex road map decentralized exchange cryptocurrency exchange decentralized cryptocurrency exchange platform decentralized cryptocurrency exchange- the future advanced architecture comparison table: artificial intelligence autonomous agents atomic swap beldex debit card conclusion world's adaptive cryptocurrency ecosystem executive summary today's scenario, ico projects are involved providing various essential requirements like coins, exchange platform, wallet, and payment cards for trading and other business purposes. but them get involve only delivering either one two the above-mentioned services today's date. delivering single requirement module two makes difference and still forces the ico players get dependent the third-parties either way. beldex complete ico servicing platform has come with the ideology providing all the required solution the existing blockchain players today. have arisen one-stop solution provider who delivers all the four main modules most secured way. the primary intention beldex bring these services our day-to-day usage and increase its utility every industry. beldex possess complete cryptocurrency ecosystem where have designed and developed the most flexible and transact able crypto coin which possesses all the required features carry out the virtual trading. the coin can used best possible way that can able transacted highly secured manner. this achieved storing these coins most secured wallet and the best platform carry out the exchange and other trading activities. the wallet developed beldex possesses the feature multi-level security and its security code unbreakable any point. the wallet only holds the information about the amount stored and the location where stored non-traceable. even the users can utilize those coins only during the time trading. make practically applicable have included the sepe security system our wallet. advanced solution provider beldex, make sure that uses the best platform model carry out the transaction. now, decentralized exchange platform the highly preferred one carry any cryptocurrency related transaction. this platform ensures greater security for the complete transaction moreover; also makes sure that these transactions take place without the interference third parties imposing unnecessary charges the users. any kind decentralized exchange requires advanced architecture for support, beldex make sure integrated best possible way. most importantly beldex has also developed payment card through with sole intention making user-friendly best possible. this payment card highly capable accepting major cryptocurrencies evolving the market. the incorporated decentralized exchange platform powered atomic swap method, which helps carry out the transaction and trading between any two cryptocurrencies directly. the user-friendliness highly enabled such way that can used day day activities. our vision help customers who use the crypto wallet through providing them with the assistive support avoiding third parties for transactions and trading using crypto wallets. simplify the overall trading through beldex payment card usage. provide highly secured beldex exchange web wallet using sepe security system soft cold storage which initiated only agent) store and utilize any cryptocurrency best possible way. develop exclusive coin for beldex, integrating all the necessary advanced features it. increase the value the coin developed for beldex. our mission create proper awareness blockchain technology among people who belong diversified demography. make the cryptocurrency trading and transaction process much easier one. crux the blockchain technology for give the readers better understanding about the technology that beldex uses, have included information about what blockchain and its functionalities. blockchain used keep track transactions that happens cryptocurrencies. beldex utilizes this technology keep track the funds sent and received any individual group across the borders. simple language, record new transactions called block with respect cryptocurrencies. general, can anything from personal data, medical details even voting records. completion every block added the chain which forms blockchain. cryptocurrency use blockchain technology secure their database transactions which ledger made blocks. this type technology uses cryptography that the mastermind behind the securement data. blockchain growing list records that are linked using cryptographic algorithm. avoids third parties intermediaries and incorporates direct transactions between individuals. beldex uses this technology keep track the transactions and exchanges that happen its native exchange platform. since cryptos are encrypted, processing any transaction means solve difficult math problems. the process referred mining and the reward that person gets called block reward. perks blockchain technology there are many advantages using the blockchain technology, some them are decentralization the network free intermediaries. one does not need depend upon third party authenticate the transaction. peer-peer transaction and transparent. faster dealings this fast-paced world, transactions via blockchain are extremely quick. does not include lengthy process for verification. cost saving since this model does not involve third parties saves expenses and expands productivity. irreversible transactions once the transactions are recorded the ledger, cannot reversed. this seen benefit for storing huge amount data. blockchain technology expected boom asia this technology experiencing rise investors, especially north america. china has shown huge response this technology and developing it. chinese investors have started invest more than million and predicted increase huge levels the asian community. government might intervene this invention there one institution that might benefit from the growth this technology government. with blockchain technology consisting secure methods storing data and transmitting funds, the government might able use for the welfare people for instance secure the data submitted the public the government. coins might take over fiat currencies with the enormous growth cryptocurrencies, the world might run coins few years. countries are slowly and steadily planning for regulatory services for cryptocurrency exchanges. other industries might collaborate with this technology one industry that booming right now the education sector. with increasing innovation blockchain technology, this sector might wonders embraces this technology the earliest. the data secure; transparent which proves beneficial for all. features blockchain technology some the features this technology are imminent. they provide relief millions businesses and individuals. immutable transactions recorded blockchain cannot changed erased. the blocks are time stamped and the previous blocks are linked. the details who owned it, state origin and its usage will known. ring signature anybody can sign behalf individual without revealing their identity. they use cryptographic protocols create these exclusive features. zero knowledge proof this method pertains the party knowing the information but not needing disclose it. there need for any kind proof this type technology. cloud server the cloud server acts support system and stores huge amount data. blockchains are permissible this feature great for businesses who want certain individuals access confidential information. with this, one can set who can participate and what capacity. digital economy the nucleus traditional economy widely known the names- internet economy, new economy web economy, the digital computing technology known digital economy. includes e-commerce (online purchase goods and services) and e-business (online platform and infrastructure for commercial transactions). trillion usd was assessed the growth digital economy countries. with the onset online purchases, cryptocurrencies became the right solution uplift digital economy. how digital economy benefits digital economy transforming business models, policy landscape and enabling innovative businesses. the rapid growth digital technology, digital economy, and cryptocurrencies are the backbone fourth revolution. how digitization came into being for ages, the digital world has been evolving. businesses are going through digital transformation. century has been witnessing change behaviour amongst individuals. everything from health, education purchases has become online. the digitization has led transform physical items into data computers. nuts and bolts cryptocurrencies cryptocurrency digital asset that uses cryptography system and acts digital monetary unit. this system uses private keys operate instead passwords. bitcoin the first cryptocurrency. works peer-peer network which means individuals can send receive transactions without third party involvement. the major drawback for people wanting protect their privacy that cryptography uses blockchain technology, public ledger where all the transactions are visible everyone the network. privacy was attribute worry. hence, wanted create privacy coins. how cryptocurrency changed the world cryptocurrencies are gaining lot attention worldwide. apart from business tycoons investing these currencies, believed that investors between the age group prefer cryptocurrencies over traditional investment methods. data suggests that the coming years, more and more young investors will become part the domain. the growing power internet has led the development virtual currencies. the main goal cryptocurrency eliminate third party involvement and provide direct and transparent transaction between individuals. companies are persevering maintain customer relations and increasing the use online purchases, which the millennial have huge control overhas paved way for cryptocurrencies. cryptocurrencies are the easy and smart way pay and transfer. the statistics reveal the user trends which are expected skyrocket million the global online sales are expected amount trillion. witnessed billion purchases from people around the world. some the trends watch out this market are the number participators the crypto market prone sharp rise. nearly million million use cryptocurrency wallets are expected increase. more than users made online purchases and this expected grow. cryptocurrencies have replaced the traditional means payment methods. they have reduced the transaction costs and made the process easier. use cryptocurrencies, one needs possess computer smartphone and they can download the wallet for fee. companies have started accepting cryptocurrencies and online payments are done through them. before the introduction these currencies, individuals used conventional methods payment. cryptocurrencies avoid the intervention third parties. peer-peer transaction. the rise technological power demanded the development virtual currencies. also, these currencies have changed the perceptions politics. the government does not have control over these currencies. these currencies are also used stock market investment. cryptocurrencies have taken over the financial world and are expanding horizons. growth bitcoin bitcoin the first coin under cryptocurrency family. uses blockchain technology which acts ledger visible the entire world. bitcoins are stored digital wallets that exist either cloud computers. bitcoins can acquired various means can bought exchange through transfers mining mining the process computing huge data for the exchange coins. stats reveal successful miner will awarded bitcoins every minutes. the price set was cent and grew the recent times. bitcoin saw drastic increase the trading volume the year despite the efforts the government the cryptocurrency saw steep rise the market. with media paying too much attention this technology, doubt that the currencies will keep growing the near future. spite different coins being introduced the market, bitcoin has secured its place. still tops the list and owed the exponential growth the economy. altcoins altcoins (alternate coins) are the ones developed after bitcoins. they present themselves better than bitcoins many ways. altcoins are trying overcome the limitations bitcoins and emerge strong system, which explains their current scenario. bitcoin vs. altcoins currently, there are around coins and tokens the market apart from bitcoin and ethereum. people can either buy altcoins using bitcoins just hold bitcoins the hope that might surpass the value other coins. altcoins have been slowly taking over the major coins like bitcoin, ethereum, and litecoin etc. data shows that the market experienced rise while gained billion. there were and market pairs were traded. this shows that altcoins have higher scope than the initial coins like bitcoin and ethereum. everyday businesses are creating tokens and coins that are being used worldwide. problem statement when the world always expected secure and private mode payment, centralized exchanges have made this task quite impossible. although, centralized exchange systems have been through optimum usage, they not completely guarantee security and privacy. with kyc (know your customers) being mandatory centralized exchange, third party accounts have complete access personal information customers. the option remaining anonymous lost. recently, they have found have high transaction fee due arbitrary reasons. with decentralized systems, transfer data from one blockchain another not possible. the transactions are irreversible and transparent. this system goes through the phase high costs too and the maintenance high. also, this system does not allow the deposit withdrawal fiat currencies. order overcome the above-mentioned limitations, beldex has come with innovative solution. beldex much needed solution cryptocurrencies are taking over the digital economy and decentralized exchanges are the future cryptocurrency trading. with this potential decentralized exchange, beldex envisioned open source initiative where participants the network possess power instead central authority. this decentralized exchange overcomes all the cons the centralized exchange system. there third-party intervention and single point failure. beldex solution existing problems after working through the list shortcomings other existing cryptocurrencies, beldex offers the following solutions: lower fees generally, there transaction fee and even there is, minimal. since there involvement third party service, the costs are cut down. identity theft the cryptocurrency market focuses securing identities and the chances for theft less. though the ledger transparent which means the transactions can seen everyone but the identity kept safe. peer-peer transaction blockchain technology eliminates the need for any third-party involvement which makes accessible and easy for individuals. universal recognition cryptocurrencies not undergo transaction fee, exchange rates and interest rates. hence, becomes easy tool that accessible all over the world. also, universally recognized. since its launch, the success bitcoin has motivated the creation many other cryptocurrencies. new cryptocurrencies are emerging every day and every cryptocurrency offers unique feature that attracts users and investors purchase the cryptocurrency. cryptocurrencies are most simply described 'blockchains' with corresponding token coin, with which you can create transactions that are then verified and stored block the underlying blockchain. beldex offers complete cryptocurrency ecosystem that comprises the native exchange system, privacy coin, wallet and utility debit card. the beldex wallet uses ringct, which helps mask the sender's address. short, provides privacy. let's look the technical aspect hexagonal signature for better understanding the wallet. when transaction sent, signed numerous users forming the hexagon, each having their unique public key. unique public key generated gathering the various public keys from the hexagon and used for the transaction. hence transaction becomes untraceable from the blockchain. hexagonal signatures offer users type anonymity hiding transactions within set other transactions. pederson commitment algorithm used the hexagon confidential transactions. beldex wallet also helps hiding the amount that transacted the use hexagonal confidential transactions. also uses algorithm order hide the address the sender which can traced otherwise. also, one-time address generated for each and every transaction for the receiver. thus, making stealth address. beldex aims provide the highest level security and privacy its users and succeeds doing so. what does beldex do? beldex offers global service that allows and strengthens peer-peer transaction. supports fiat currency commence trading. every transaction beldex can liquified without hassle. beldex supply and demand the end beldex coin project will attract brokers. the coin will accepted full nominal value higher price based the market evaluation. coins that are used pay for the company services will withdrawn from circulation and destroyed. after the ico, these coins will traded for free exchanges. coin service must paid with coins. beldex expected grow according quantitative experts and strategists. unique features beldex privacy coins untraceable roots unlike monero which uses ringct, beldex uses ringct network type. coin swap official beldex designated wallet holders can swap between desired coins. conditional transactions transaction will done only the specified conditions are met. airdrop individual, stake certain amount crypto the wallet they get specific amount interest terms the same coins. blockchain franchise beldex provides you with white labelled decentralized exchange set for franchise. trustworthy owner reports fraudulence and the suspected receiver unable justify the transaction, that particular transaction alone revertible the decision review tribunal (disputes are open debate). the beldex technology beldex aims provide complete anonymity its users. however, the company only focuses privacy enabled coins. the technology such that, permits users make both private and public transactions with their respective keys. the goal allow anonymity every way and every use case selectively. the following sections, you'll find the features the beldex technology. untraceable transactions this section, have proposed scheme entirely anonymous transactions satisfying both untraceability and unlinkability conditions. essential feature our solution autonomy: the sender doesn't have cooperate with other user's transactions; hence each participant brings out cover transaction independently. the privacy the sender protected through unique ring transactional signature. unlinkable payments are achieved allowing user publish single address and receive unconditional unlinkable payments. beldex uses ringct empowered confidential transactions which include cryptographic proof that the sum the input amount same the sum the output amount, without revealing the actual numbers. this masking original numbers aids the privacy-enabled feature the beldex technology. unique feature the ringct technology that gives power only the sender and the receiver. this made easy with the unique ring signatures used for transactions. just the two parties involved are given key which lets them know the details the transacted amount. addition the said feature, the non-participants the blockchain can view any given public transaction but won't able guess the amount that has been transacted. the destination each beldex output (by default) public key, derived from recipient's address and sender's random data. the primary advantage, opposed bitcoin, that each destination key different default (unless the sender uses the exact data for each the transactions have the same recipient). therefore, there issue such "address reuse" design, and other participants outside the transaction can find out any transactions were sent specific address link two addresses together. these onetime addresses which protect the receiver's identity are called stealth addresses. first, the sender performs diffie-hellman exchange get shared secret from his data and half the recipient's address. ringct, asnl scheme the new contribution and turned out exploitable such that attacker would able create coin from nothing. this issue fixed replacing the schnorr signatures with borromean signatures ringct. then computes one-time destination key, using the shared secret and the second half the address. two different set-keys are required from the recipient for these two steps, standard beldex address twice large bitcoin wallet address. the receiver also performs diffie-hellman exchange recover the corresponding secret key. provides perfect characteristic linkable anonymity: verifier knows nothing about the signer, except that he/she one the users the group. standard transaction sequence goes follows: ally wants send payment mark, who has published his standard address. she unpacks the address and gets mark's public key (a; b). ally generates random element l-] and computes one-time public key hs(ra)g+ ally uses destination key for the output and also packs value (as part the diffie-hellman exchange) somewhere into the transaction. note that she can create other outputs with unique public keys: different recipients' keys (ai; bi) imply different even with the same ally sends the transaction. mark checks every passing transaction with his private key (a;b) and computes hs(ar)g ally's transaction for with mark the recipient was among them, then arg and mark can recover the corresponding one-time private key: (ar) xg. can spend this output any time signing transaction with one-time ringct signatures protocol based one-time ringct signatures allows users achieve unconditional unlinkability. unfortunately, ordinary types cryptographic signatures permit trace transactions their respective senders and receivers. our solution this deficiency lies using different signature type, than those currently used electronic cash systems. beldex follows unique ring signature aspect protect the sender's privacy. our previous section, discussed how each receiver's privacy protected the use stealth addresses one-time destination address. the sender's aspect the transaction, privacy provided the ringct signatures. the ringct structure enables member group sign messages behalf the group without revealing his identity, i.e., signer anonymity. this one the extended features ringct specially designed meet the beldex standards. result, the transaction the blockchain signed with the sender's public key, and since the public key visible all, simple scan the blockchain and the way the transaction signed will reveal the sender the transaction. prevent this, specific set the user forming ring will picked randomly from the user pool and will sing transaction. now, this case, the signing the transaction becomes untraceable the public key that signed the transaction could have come from anyone the ring thereby obscuring the sender. the ringct process has one the most positive implications, which the reduction the transaction size. reduction size leads ultrafast transactions. now blockchain built the way transaction cannot verified party other than the sender and the receiver, there's this possibility the same transaction relayed twice, other words, leads the possibility double spend. this prevented the use key image which can verified the miners. each transaction produces key image which cryptographically equal the key-image, thereby avoiding the possibility double-spend the blockchain. use stealth address hide the receiver. ringct confidential transactions and routing even though anonymity provided the above features, transaction can also traced from the address the sender and for this reason, beldex uses routing algorithm, route all transactions through various nodes the network, totally obscuring the address the sender. even with all the anonymity, the amount the transaction will still visible the blockchain which analysis might able square the sender the receiver. this also prevented beldex, multiplying the amount with random number generator function before publishing the blockchain. uses pedersen commitment algorithm under the hood. thereby complete anonymity provided the sender well the receiver beldex. how beldex different? while the world adapting changing trends cryptocurrency market, problems like theft and illegal activities persist. data shows that approximately there was theft digital tokens worth million. since the decentralized exchanges are private, very easy for individuals promote illegal activities. beldex does not provide chance for individuals act upon the illegal terms. extremely secure and keeps check the transactions being made. creation beldex beldex uses languages like c++ and python. also uses cryptonight pow hash algorithm. cryptonote technology cryptonote advanced platform for cryptocurrencies. improvement for cryptocurrency like litecoin, bitcoin and ethereum. how different from other currencies? blockchain with anonymous transactions cryptonote uses similar technology like the other coins, the only difference being the sender and receiver information not available. cryptonote uses hash-based proof work algorithm which not seen other currencies. the algorithms behind this allow protection against double spending, blockchain analysis resistance, egalitarian proof work and other adaptive parameters. how beldex's blockchain protects privacy ringct signatures enable the sender hide among other transaction outputs, stealth addresses hide the receiving address the transaction and ringct hides the amount the transaction. consequence, beldex features opaque blockchain. this sharp contrast with transparent and traceable blockchain used bitcoin. thus, beldex said "private, optionally transparent". beldex has two sets keys, called "view key" and "spend key". view key can separately shared enable optional transparency. however, the system designed ease processing mobile devices, impossible calculate accurate wallet balance without spend key. security measures beldex essential ensure secure communication between the functional entities described above assure robust system. value our members' trust and our ability offer high quality service. therefore, take the following measures secure our services: encrypt all communication over the internet allowing only https, using settings like hsts, properly chosen cors settings, csrf protection and carefully chosen ssl settings. secure the api's build using tokens, with expiry. secure our cookies, using flags like 'secure', 'httponly', 'samesite' and proper expiration. terms secure communication between public and private nodes, only allow carefully chosen ssl ciphers and key exchange algorithms, while keeping tabs developments and vulnerabilities around information security. also use client certificates internally enable secure communication, even our private network. this means that data not sent over unencrypted network connection, even our private infrastructure. carefully choose our firewall settings and network topology, separate and compartmentalize risks where possible without compromising usability and testability. this enables allow traffic trust, while blocking untrusted traffic. additionally, pay attention owasp updates, including mailing lists and other resources that enable stay top new vulnerabilities and/or patches (think beast, crime, and krack etc.). regular audits including penetration tests, load tests and code reviews with independent parties ensure consistent security our platform. have dos protection place protect against common dos attack strategies and monitor our systems continuously. also have schedule that allows our team call anything happens. use kms for key rotation and organization sensitive data. course, regularly review owasp top releases ourselves. value consciousness risks inside our organization, this the best structural way reduce risks consistent manner. please note that these measures are only part all security standards implement practice. handle more elaborate protocol internally, but the above provides general overview. beldex beldex technology supported next generation entrepreneurs, investors, and developers with common interest finding free market solutions leveraging the power globally decentralized consensus and decision making. consensus technology has the power for economics what the internet did for information. can harness the combined power all humanity coordinate the discovery and aggregation real-time knowledge, previously unobtainable. this knowledge can used more effectively coordinate the allocation resources toward their most productive and valuable use. road map june product inception from market requirement analysis. october think tank was formed freeze the scope the requirement, privacy economy. january technology analyst team formation, advisory board and technology platform setup. release whitepaper for people understand and get acquainted with beldex. march ico preparation and closed beta launch. april focused group pitching, private sale. september mainstream coin trading begins all major exchanges. august coin index sites and cryptocurrency exchanges listed. june post ico, public beta launch and branded wallet launch. may pre-ico, public crowd sale, bounty program launch. october closed beta launch decentralized exchange. january commercial launch decentralized exchange will take place january april the month april, white- labelled decentralized exchanges will launched for our coin stakers. august the month august the year physical debit cards will distributed minimum balance official wallet holders. decentralized exchange real decentralized exchange powered autonomous agents, atomic swaps, sepe(semi permeable) security with advanced architecture. introduction the crypto investors have drastically increased the past few years and will definitely increase tremendously the upcoming years also. thousands and thousands dapps are going come live the upcoming years and therefore the value crypto currency will increase multiple trillions and all these digital assets needs handled some exchange the other. question that whether the current centralized crypto exchanges will able handle this volume assets and transaction's? the existing exchanges have that kind security? the answer no. all heard about many stories popular exchanges hacked millions. this paves new opportunity for decentralized exchanges. even though the existing decentralized exchanges are solving few issues, they are not really providing, truly independent decentralized exchange that can handle trillions assets and its transaction's. problems the existing decentralized exchanges all the decentralized exchanges adapt either pure virtual liquidity front running security atomic swap speed beldex speed high -using dag protocol liquidity high cross chain atomic swap true decentralized exchange compatible popular wallets hardware wallet compatibility autonomous agents intelligent security cryptocurrency exchange cryptocurrency exchange online platform which tailor-made for the virtual coin token holder and those who are willing buy it. this more kind stock exchange where the cryptocurrencies and coins can exchanged for other cryptocurrencies fiat currency like dollar, euros etc. generally, people used buy bitcoin any other cryptocurrency for trading purpose, majority buy when the price particular crypto coin currency gets low and sell later when the price goes again. this done through carrying out proper market analysis the cryptocurrency market and investing the right coin. studying the market and analyzing its movement properly required for every investor and trader order enter the market, buy specific currency, and sell the same when required. analyzing the present situation and predicting the exact future forecast are the qualities which help trader survive better way the cryptocurrency exchange market. apart from this, the trader must know the reason behind the rise and decline every crypto asset cryptocurrency take proper and informed decision regarding investment selling. working cryptocurrency exchange the simplest and easiest way invest cryptocurrencies approach through exchange. user investor who needs cryptocurrency trading must decide first about the currency coin they are going buy. discussed earlier, they must sense that the price that particular currency fair and reasonable. the cryptocurrency market decides the price every single coin and asset and the investor need wait for the right time buy it. post buying the currency, the coin holder can create certain minimum limit sell their coin the trading market whenever they have the intention. once the coin holder has decided sell their cryptocurrency then they find and select the suitable person the trade-off. that particular trader not willing wait until they get fair price for their coin they can transfer the exchange from their wallet. even most the non-professional users tend store the coins the exchange instead the wallet. advantage cryptocurrency exchange the very existence cryptocurrency exchanges are highly mandatory for any coin holder get the ultimate benefit and also helps the people who are highly intended handle cryptocurrencies. the establishment exchange bring every cryptocurrency under one roof and help carry out the trading better way. the buyers and sellers will have multiple options here that everyone will get benefited this kind platform. without the availability exchange, highly impossible for any cryptocurrency holder attain profit better way. security the major factor which needs given top priority this kind exchange, the escrow system enabled the exchange assures high-security system that the buyers and sellers can involve trading safely. security one the fundamental issues faced cryptocurrency exchange since the day one, and the task exchange becomes complicated coin holder does the promotion and sells all alone. the cryptocurrency exchange platforms make sure that they are highly required one through their unique features and one among them their liquidity flow. every cryptocurrency exchange platform has its own liquidity flows that gives them option select the best among them. these kinds options are readily available only this type wide arena. the cryptocurrency which you buy here trader can also utilized ico you are highly involved funding blockchain project. this helps various ways for trader spread their network, get know about more altcoins, and have maximum profit. centralized cryptocurrency exchange platform centralized cryptocurrency exchange platform online space where every transaction related virtual coin takes place under the control particular company. that specific company holds the ultimate authority govern the entire transaction and needs followed according their principles. both the fiat money cryptocurrency and cryptocurrency cryptocurrency transaction process takes place here. here, the company acts middleman carrying out the entire transaction process between both traders and charges the transactional fee well withdrawal fee separately. this process very famous and approachable compared the decentralized exchange platform which acts alternative few cases. setbacks centralized exchange platform some the serious setbacks faced the centralized exchange platforms are: these platforms often become the target for hackers they get work the central mainframe which makes highly vulnerable. this will lead run down the entire exchange works only one platform. this platform goes through central clearing house hence; they become easily available for tracking and surveillance their activities. privacy another major factor concern when comes centralized exchange platform usage where, the complete account details like account number, balance, credit/debit card number both the parties will traced. creating account will time consuming and slow process this platform operates only business hours and the transactions particular days. this involves the checking credit prior set account. also demands maintenance specific balance their account. since this platform works under regulation they automatically become prone higher taxations and government rules. sharing the details account holders will part it. decentralized cryptocurrency exchange platform the methodology same compared centralized exchange platform, but one major difference that this decentralized platform operates independently without the control any government body organization. names just involves the transaction happen between peer peer and the same time, also prone various deadly risks. since peer peer transaction the funds are totally controlled the peers themselves. unlike centralized platform, very easy trade anonymously here considering the distributed blockchain centralized exchange. dependency sole person platform more required, per the nature decentralized platform the authentication and authorization determined based smart contracts and blockchain protocol implementation. disadvantages decentralized cryptocurrency exchange platforms the first and main disadvantage the decentralized platform is, highly difficult use and this the reason behind the popularity some the centralized exchange platforms like coinbase and binance. the excess number smart contract leads towards high complexity; even makes technical person get stuck the middle. most the decentralized exchange platforms support only the basic level cryptocurrency exchange functionalities which makes difficult carry out the process the cryptocurrencies gets upgraded with tools very frequently. this includes the absence margin trading, stop loss, and host trading the decentralized platform makes unfit correlate with the functionalities cryptocurrencies. decentralized cryptocurrency exchange- the future the blockchain technology emerging every day, more and more supportive features and technologies need incorporated with order make more effective and pay justice towards its idea. when comes exchanges, handling cryptocurrency through decentralized platform will the most suitable one every point view. these platforms are meant the future cryptocurrency exchange they deliver uncompromised and unmatchable features like: instant order book updates automatic trade matching unmatchable trading speed limitless orders and cancellations there are four main reasons which tell that decentralized exchange platforms will the right platform for cryptocurrency exchanges. destructor barriers complete decentralized platform has the capability restrict the reversibility records, provides full transparency, and also removes the barriers like double entry book keeping and various other financial practices. introduction decentralized platforms will great setback for financial institutions, where they cannot set transactional fee holding fee for the amount transacted any more. earlier adoption decentralized platform will added advantage for the organization. controlling body embracing decentralization will eliminate the control imposed the governing authorities and other bodies holding unnecessary grip over the transactions and other functionalities happening all around the world. adoption decentralization will helpful various ways for various industries their own terms. for instances, the financial institutions are more bound any regulations and policies which are heavily stringent carrying out the project. privacy based issues are raising every day and hitting the roof, high level security required badly. implementation decentralization will overcome this issue through ensuring privacy every single individual. revolutionizing old practices the old practice account maintenance through centralized process has paved way various scams and human error the past adopting decentralized approach seems highly mandatory here. whether the unimaginable profit incurred tesco's any other scams due the approach made through centralized platforms. decentralized platforms are completely nonvulnerable these attacks they are immutable and provide high security. moreover, the cybercrime keeps increasing day day not advisable maintain the account depending single bank financial institution. multi- industry impact the decentralized platform the most flexible one where, any industry can adopt this technology easily. implementation this decentralization technology will eradicate the threat cybercrime, optimize human and financial resources and most importantly will save huge amount time every industry which turn improvises the productivity automatically. above all the decentralization the name suggests, helps the adopters function independently without the control single governing body. advanced architecture peer-to-peer node- -node architecture the backbone for decentralized exchange. decentralized exchange one the major requirements the crypto industry. decentralized exchange each peer will serve others and service others the same time. decentralized exchange advantages are, they don't need huge servers the data and the services are distributed the nodes. the whole concept systems are divided two namely true and virtual pp. they both have advantages and disadvantages their own way. true architecture which the nodes communicate each other. whereas virtual one which nodes communicate via virtual server. true cannot possess the advantages client/server architecture but has good speed and security whereas virtual will have low security and low speed. beldex dex engineering advanced architecture, which completely autonomous, and built with both true and virtual pp. the system can dynamically switch between two modes pure virtual when required. the system will work true when the atomic swap executes and need handle heavy data between the nodes. the virtual will work for broadcasting information, liquidity and predictive processing between nodes. applications like guntella, jxta will work either true virtual architecture. but the major problem them the liquidity information. the peers can't located easily due transparency, lack remote features and cooperation mechanism. comparison table: architecture centralized exchange (client/server) decentralize decentralized exchange exchange pure virtual beldex exchange advanced speed low high low high accuracy data privacy medium high medium high low high low high security medium high high high user friendly medium low high high abilities user medium high high high monitoring user capacity data high low high high medium low high high users medium low high high capacity process medium low high high total efficiency medium low high highest artificial intelligence autonomous agents the core objective beldex dex implanted artificial intelligence build intelligent networks. are the process building autonomous agents which solves the liquidity, front runner and security problems the existing dex. the agents may autonomous and intelligent entities the network that reside the peers travel between the nodes. for instance, the agents will receive problems from users and discovers needed resources, further consults with other peers and provides proper solution. case security anyone the node had some attacks, will detected the agent and the attack pattern will shared all agents. this will prevent the attacks for the other nodes the network and keep the network safe. case liquidity have enabled high liquidity with autonomous agents. the autonomous agents discover and exchange the data between traders. the protocol use virtual for order books which are maintained autonomous agents/relay for trade settlement between two traders. the relays will get incentivized for the order book processing activities and will paid beldex coin agents agents and systems are almost similar terms understanding and terminology. but systems have better abilities and are far better. the networks become intelligent when agents are implemented. the future will largely dependent autonomous agents for any kind distributed system. beldex dex autonomous agents will able work intelligently like learning, negotiate and predict the trading environment. the agents will able detect the frontrunner and can cancel the trading. system agent agent system beldex dex will have layer advanced architecture. are using autonomous agent technology design system. agents are nodes and will execute the desired tasks like relaying, liquidity detecting, front runner. using autonomous agents beldex dex will able handle millions trades/ second without any hassle. functions will work the first layer and autonomous functions will work the second layer. node agents will work group and coordinate intelligently. nodes grouped form agent society that takes care the dynamic and complex problems dex like liquidity, front runner network clogging. beldex dex server beldex dex uses pure well virtual pp. the advantage virtual that solves the major issues existing decentralized exchanges. the important functions the system that partially works pure and some virtual pp. the system the virtual server utilizes agent that takes care security, liquidity and front runner issues. peer coordinator peer coordinator designed serve provide the necessary information required for the agents. agents can send request the peer coordinator get live exchange prices. whenever the peer coordinator receives request form agent, process the data based the available local knowledge and the data required from other agents, then all the agents coordinate via virtual ftp provide the result for the requested peer. peer coordinator provides all necessary information for using the resources and services the agents who has requested the information. peer coordinator gets information from "peer resource finder" and "peer service manager" modules. peer resource finder peer resource device available host. whenever agent requires any information from particular resource, the "peer resource finder" identifies the required resources from the agent community. this achieved sending requests the peer coordinator the agents, and the peer resource finder forwards the request the nearest peer resource finder which available the agent community get the desired result. after identifying the desired resources, the information about the resources stored the agents which presented the beldex server service explorer service explorer helps explore and share the information from the resources. service manager provides the requirements for using the available peers get the desired information which may from the local host from the peers. service explorer determines, the duration using the resources, the time starting and ending the service between the agents. service explorer helps solve the liquidity issue getting information fast manner from other peers using autonomous agents. peer recognizer after exploring the resources the peer resource finder, the specifications the resource will verified and determined the peer recogniser. peer recognizer checks the following measures, type the peer resource the resource ready provide data? the duration use the resource how many agents use this service? how frequent these agents serve data? peer resource finder and peer recogniser are complementary each other. peer resource finder explores the resource the network and peer recognizer gets the specifications the services provided the agents. decision maker decision maker the central part the autonomous agents. front runner prevented decision maker. all the data which requested the agent relayed the server will processed decision maker. decision maker coordinate with all entities the system including peer explorer, peer recogniser and peer resource finder and provide the necessary data the requested agent. decision maker the following activities, control the part the autonomous agents need work the agents working the part. authenticity the agents past performance the agents atomic swap lot discussions and talks have been carried out blockchain and cryptocurrency where, this particular technology evolving like anything and the world adopting real time faster possible. organizations belongs various industries have started adopting the concept blockchain and using the cryptocurrencies their trading well-knowing about its advantages. the inbound technologies cryptocurrencies are arising numbers and some them get well established and few them have gone wrong side. still being emerging concept cryptocurrencies are always been promising one and that the reason the world keep utilizing it. per its decentralized nature the cryptocurrency needs exchanged through decentralized platforms and the only way justify completely. atomic swap all about peers organizations exchanging different crypto coins currencies through platform directly without approaching the fiat money. basically, through atomic swapping one can exchange any two cryptocurrencies directly like (bitcoin ethereum vice versa). order increase the efficiency the decentralized exchange platform adoption atomic swap highly mandatory this stage where, this platform being highly trusted and, the limelight, per the current situations. adopting atomic swapping technique, the exchangers can free themselves from unnecessary holding and transaction fee moreover will also cut down the basic charges getting converted fiat money. this eliminates the dependency over third party completely and provides exchange secured and fast way. renowned developer various blockchain technologies beldex cater the most prominent and reliable atomic swap technique. our atomic swapping technique highly unique which delivers the most tailor made service the users. our uniqueness guaranteed uptime dependency trust over any third party highly secured process where there chance fund loss zero exchange fees charged withdrawal fees provides ultimate authority peers holding the cryptocurrency open transact any cryptocurrency coin type beldex provides unique atomic swap solution which can support the existing popular coins provide typical example atomic swap please read the following example. mike selects number which hashes and sends h() wills. mike makes transaction that delivers his btc multi-sig address (-of-). the speciality this address that alone can redeem the coins reveals the value the number .consider this transaction tx-. wills creates transaction that delivers his eth multi-sig address with the same configuration mike's transaction. consider this tx-. mike and wills not reveal tx- and tx- yet. now they each create timelocked refund transaction that allows each them revert back their original coins the trade was unsuccessful. mike's lock time abc and will's time xyz. it's usually recommended that abc much larger than xyz. mike reveals the value the number and redeems her eth from wills. wills receives the value from alice's reveal. reveals well and redeems his btc from mike. secured soft cold storage about cryptocurrency wallet the name suggests, cryptocurrency wallets are tailor made virtual storage space the form software store both the private and public keys particular cryptocurrency secured way best possible. these private and public keys the cryptocurrency interact with the blockchain make sure the transaction happen secured manner. when comes cryptocurrency wallet broadly classified into two different categories like hot wallet and cold wallet, and five different types them. hot cold wallet both these wallets provide storage space store cryptocurrencies and they are connected with internet. the main difference between these two the hot wallet vulnerable hacking and other security attacks due their user friendliness and flexibility, and the other hand, the cold wallet bit complicated understand its nature which enabled with improved security storing the coins offline most the times. most the times hot wallet used for day-to-day transaction and the cold wallet are used for long term holding. the safety your cryptocurrency highly relies the method implemented private key management. saving your private key offline one smart technique secure your cryptocurrency. the management your private key based the type cryptocurrency wallet you choose. online wallet online wallets are the storage space where the cryptocurrencies are stored the web browsers. people who don't have clarity this wallet type confuses that all the online wallets belong hot wallet category. this generic mind thought needs changed and all depends whether use mobile desktop wallet. saving more amount cryptocurrency this wallet leads higher hacking risk and money theft. mobile wallet through mobile wallet one can access their cryptocurrency from any place any time through the app installed the mobile device and also supports with additional features for the wallet which are based internet. desktop wallet compared the online and mobile wallet system, desktop much safer place store your cryptocurrencies but still, there are chances hacking the cryptocurrencies and purely based upon your online presence and the website you handle. hardware wallet hardware wallets are bit complicated when compared with the desktop and mobile wallet but, they ensure good security and easy access. paper wallet way advanced and secured format wallet type when compared with hardware wallet, this wallet can determined the cold storage one for any cryptocurrency types. sepesecurity new security system soft cold storage bel dex provides innovative architecture for the wallet store and retrieve the coin for trading. once the crypto stored the wallet, moves into secured separate soft cold storage and gets disconnected from the wallet. the wallet will display only the value cryptocurrencies stored, but the real cryptocurrencies will stored securely the disconnected soft cold storage using sepe security. when the user starts the exchange order, the coin will released that moment transaction, and this will initiated only the agent the exchange protocol peer resource finder will know this agent may discovered dynamically any time. this way, one will able hack the wallet. beldex provides unique solution for wallet security. anyone can transfer their crypto the wallet and use this secured facility and can start trading with bel-dex exchange. beldex debit card user-friendliness the biggest benefit that beldex caters their users, carrying out the exchange process highly tedious any exchange and bel-dex have framed architecture overcome from it. the prevailing crypto exchange activity holds lot unwanted moves which literally makes the user think twice about the cryptocurrency exchange where, one needs approach exchange convert their crypto token into fiat money get deposit the money their bank account and then finally convert their favourable cryptocurrency crypto token format. charges imposed over the users during the transaction time are another great setback existing the current cryptocurrency exchange platforms. separate charge where imposed for transaction, conversion and holding the amount. will make sure that you won't get troubled these sorts complexities and make the process much simpler directly exchanging any two forms cryptocurrencies. accept almost all formats cryptocurrencies order pave way for really fair trade occur. how beldex crypto debit cards function? the prevailing crypto debit cards works similar way the normal debit card works, you think the money won't transacted from the bank account instead, will sent from your crypto wallet. the amount will only used the time exchange, i.e. when the cryptocurrency exchanges with the fiat money. bel-dex makes the job their user very simple handling the cryptocurrency debit cards use, all you need order the card, activate your account and transfer those crypto amounts whenever necessary from your wallet which connected with your card that caters vendor's service. unique advantage beldex this debit card can used anywhere the world will interconnected with some the established payment gateways provide comforting service users. our crypto debit card supports bitcoin ethereum initially, later will support other major coins also. conversion cryptocurrency into fiat money and vice versa takes place effortless way and this debit card can used for any real time need like bill payment, atm withdrawal any other domestic and business need. most importantly one the greatest advantages using cryptocurrency they are completely risk free against any kind inflation hyperinflation due its much decentralized nature. this decentralized nature makes them completely independent and they are not bound any monetary fluctuations. there various other cryptocurrency based debit cards established before which has provide anonymity their users involving lesser transactions. deliver the same support better and wider range making more simple and applicable for everyday scenario. privacy has become great concern today's life usage beldex debit card ensures for your data and money. conclusion beldex will the next big thing the world cryptocurrency exchange and are going revolutionize and rewrite the previous standards set the industry, through our unique and demanded solutions which are highly mandatory this point time the cryptocurrency environment. have integrated and deployed flexibility and adoptability the core the service order fulfil the needs maximum users. unlike, other crypto payment gateways are providing multi-featured solutions the existing and also for aspiring cryptocurrency users. beldex has designed the most updated and innovative crypto coin with striking features which will highly useful for the traders and investors this particular community. the crypto wallet designed highly secured and reliable store hefty amount cryptocurrencies token it. beldex has implemented the most effective and efficient decentralized exchange platform cater the most flawless exchange service the users. decentralized exchange platform completely eliminates the role middle man that the participants are more bound any regulations policies has they pay any extra charges. added it, also provide the most flexible debit card which you can store and transact almost the cryptocurrencies existing now this planet.