https://www.bffdoom.com bffdoom technical whitepaper https://www.bffdoom.com https://www.bffdoom.com abstract https://www.bffdoom.com this whitepaper was authored base document for "bffdoom", detailing the features, functionality and research behind the new anonymous cryptocurrency, well providing insight into its usage and implementation. our solution based off the cryptonote code base platform, and incorporates multi-signature outputs and encrypted ring signatures. the bffdoom project based cryptonote technology. (https://cryptonote.org/) https://www.bffdoom.com introduction page bffdoom' usage page the base currency the bffdoom app page incentive for party miners page regular cryptocurrency page user user alternative for cash page long-term investment vehicle page daily usage currency page bffdoom' features page fungiblity page security page privacy page feasibility page sustainability page speed page bffdoom technology page untraceable payments page double spending proof page unlinkable transactions page blockchain analysis resistance page egalitarian proof work page adaptive parameters page conclusion page https://www.bffdoom.com table contents https://www.bffdoom.com introduction bffdoom crytpocurrency that will developed the bffdoom team aimed bringing numerous benefits and financial freedom its users one its own, and contributing bffdoom providing stable currency for the expansive, dynamic, and integrated network that bffdoom. bffdoom blockchain based, open-source technology, and publicly available anyone any given time. using bffdoom is: with transactions occurring instantaneously, removing the need wait for bank transfers confirmed sent through. payment instant and final touching button. fast: safe: apart from being cryptographically secured payment method the forefront security, users will now longer have divulge any payment information third parties along the lines banking details. convenient: the use bffdoom will fully user-friendly all levels making sending receiving payment less hassle and more pleasure. get ready explore bffdoom: the cryptocurrency with purpose https://www.bffdoom.com reliable: bffdoom will able transacted with exceptions, fully reliable not only transactionally but integrally. https://www.bffdoom.com bffdooms' usage cryptocurrency gets its value from how and where can used. creating and identifying possible uses for bffdoom we've ensured its value. the base currency the bffdoom app all purchases and micro-purchases made from the bffdoom app will made using bffdoom, this streamlines the process and makes the currency uniform for all features and functions the app. https://www.bffdoom.com bffdoom will the base and encouraged currency for use within the bffdoom app. https://www.bffdoom.com incentive for party miners every aspect and feature the bffdoom app blockchain based and therefore needs mined. miners will not only getting well compensated for their efforts, but are also making active investment themselves and the value bffdoom fast, functional network will ensure steady userbase creating usage and therefore value for bffdoom. https://www.bffdoom.com bffdoom will used incentivise and encourage external miners use their hashing power maintain and speed the bffdoom decentralized network. https://www.bffdoom.com regular cryptocurrency bffdoom can used just like any cryptocurrency, and the usage which not bound the bffdoom app exclusively. take everything away and bffdoom anonymous, functional, and value orientated cryptocurrency that should used every level. https://www.bffdoom.com users are encouraged use bffdoom across multiple platforms and even develop their own external frameworks, platforms, and applications implementing bffdoom. any users wanting this will receive the full support, encouragement, and guidance the bffdoom team. https://www.bffdoom.com user user alternative for cash bffdoom will foster the trading and exchange cryptocurrency for goods and services user user level. bffdoom transactions will conducted multiple levels use from large corporations small businesses, individual users. its the directive the bffdoom team make sure that area use neglected and bffdoom use fostered all levels use. https://www.bffdoom.com users are encouraged shed the risks using fiat currency between each other and instead use bffdoom they ensure safety and value every level. https://www.bffdoom.com long-term investment vehicle users can easily make long-term investments with large returns bffdoom anti-inflatory and gains value over time. dynamic block sizes scalable difficulty and steady rewards mean that bffdoom will built value, and the increase thereof. whether you're purposefully saving investment holding bffdoom not, the price and value bffdoom guaranteed rise overtime design creating many millionaire along the way, will you one them? https://www.bffdoom.com bffdoom the fundamental opposite fiat currency when comes the storage value. https://www.bffdoom.com daily usage currency bffdoom were designed for use daily level. the bffdoom wallet-linked debit card makes bffdoom payment even easier letting you pay with bffdoom wherever card payment point available. the list businesses registered with bffdoom grows larger over time users will able spend their bffdoom directly range businesses and store making bffdoom truly usage centric cryptocurrency. https://www.bffdoom.com the infrastructure the bffdoom app allows for simple hassle free usage bffdoom daily. https://www.bffdoom.com bffdoom' features bffdoom feature rich cryptocurrency that can function its own, even without the support and infrastructure the bffdoom app. fungibility property that can defined "inter-changable value" for example dollar interchangeable with another dollar and therefore fungible. bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies that have transparent blockchains however are not fungible. this due the fact that any coin with enough effort can https://www.bffdoom.com fungibilty https://www.bffdoom.com traced back it's origin and fact there are many agencies and organizations that primarily exactly that. bitcoins are often blacklisted certain organizations and not accepted payment due their previous use illicit activities among other reasons. but you aren't engaging illicit activities there's need worry right? wrong, any coins you receive could have been used illicit activities further down the blockchain potentially creating complications for you. imagine you're the grocery store and the clerk tells you that you can't pay for your groceries using your bill because was used buy drugs years ago, doesn't seem reasonable does it? that's why has been concluded that any cryptocurrency with transparent blockchain not fully fungible, due the long history attached every coin, one bitcoin simply does not equal another. https://www.bffdoom.com we've ensured that all bffdoom are totally fungible and free any influencing factors that could lead any form "blocking", "flagging", otherwise denial use. https://www.bffdoom.com security has been hot topic discussion when comes cryptocurrencies for long time. the security many cryptocurrencies being called into question due the inherent dangers the online world such hacking attacks and data breaches. the bffdoom team has put our minds together and formed security policy prevent, deter, and eliminate the threat external malicious attacks our system. https://www.bffdoom.com security https://www.bffdoom.com we're all about dynamic security, there's such thing impenetrable system however we're doing our best come awfully close with planned regular security updates and enhanced security measures. https://www.bffdoom.com cryptocurrencies whole are the forefront online security and encryption. cryptography quite literally the study secure communication and encryption. when comes the safety and security our users take short cuts, keeping our user's private information private one our top priorities, and we've got the technology make this possible. https://www.bffdoom.com privacy privacy without doubt one the most important features any cryptocurrency. touched earlier how transparent blockchains detract from the fungible value coin, but they also pose serious privacy risk too. using pseudonym conduct bitcoin transactions much like wearing balaclava public, while you might hiding your identity the short term, anyone following you and seeing what stores you to, who pays you money, and who you give money will soon able piece together who exactly you are. the only difference here that using bitcoin all this information public and accessible any time online, one has actually follow you around. https://www.bffdoom.com bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies with transparent blockchains are generally perceived anonymous when actual fact they are pseudo-anonymous. https://www.bffdoom.com https://www.bffdoom.com when you use bffdoom, dynamic ring signatures and our analysis resistant blockchain render you anonymous allowing you immerse yourself complete privacy, and you can breathe easy knowing that while conducting your business, your information inaccessible prying eyes. https://www.bffdoom.com feasibility one the core elements incorporated designing bffdoom was feasibility and overall practical use. the bffdoom app cornucopia feasible features and usage for bffdoom and such will create steady userbase that will guarantee the value bffdoom make this possible we've made sure that using bffdoom makes not only practical sense, but financial sense well. it's well known that mining the most profitable cryptocurrency activity, however for many pseudo-annoymous coins this fast becoming untrue. https://www.bffdoom.com want bffdoom beacon success the cryptocurrency world and we're the belief that all our users, big and small, are entitled share the prosperity. https://www.bffdoom.com https://www.bffdoom.com however mining bffdoom not only easy, affordable, and fair due our egalitarian proof work algorithm. but it's also private, when you mine bffdoom you are truly mining cryptocurrency every sense the word, your identity and how much you mine are kept totally enigmatic from start finish. https://www.bffdoom.com sustainability "slow and steady wins the race" the tortoise said the hare. bffdoom hasn't strayed far from this ancient proverb. there can shortcuts getting bffdoom the level ultimately desire. that's why bffdoom and the bffdoom app were designed for the long run, incorporating measures make sure that both can withstand the test time, and build large user base with dynamic network that's always adapting along with it's users. https://www.bffdoom.com while bffdoom are all about profit also keep the concept sustainability close heart. https://www.bffdoom.com speed speed often touched point many cryptocurrencies, and rightfully so, having fast network works wonders, especially the complex world cryptocurrency. the inclusion external miners into the bffdoom network will provide massive boost speed and functionality for both bffdoom and bffdoom. we're constantly devising new ways save our users even more time and add the convenience factor our currency. nothing more frustrating than waiting hours for transaction processed function work. us, speed isn't luxury, it's necessity. after all, time money! https://www.bffdoom.com our team has devoted good portion our time make sure that our network fast possible. from transaction speed wallet syncing we've optimized every angle get running fast should, and it's ongoing process! https://www.bffdoom.com bffdooms' technology bffdoom incorporate cryptonote technology which ground-breaking the field cryptocurrencies and provides unique set features and benefits other cryptocurrencies simply don't have. generic cryptocurrency verification processes include using the public key the transaction signer, this needed because proves that the signer possession the private key that matches his public key. however this generic verification process creates large security gap. bffdoom employ ring signature technology. the ring signature verification method makes use multiple different public keys during one verification group people, still each with their own public and private keys. the main difference here being that looking from external perspective it's impossible determine who within the group actually requesting the transaction. https://www.bffdoom.com untraceable payments https://www.bffdoom.com transaction creators are eligible spend the correct amount transaction creators' identities are indistinguishable from the other users' public keys used make the ring signature. ring signatures combine functionality with privacy seamlessly. https://www.bffdoom.com using this concept send bffdoom transactions ensures users that: it's worth mentioning that even though your public key will appear many ring signatures that you didn't request hiding other users' identity, will way affect you, your ability send/receive bffdoom. https://www.bffdoom.com https://www.bffdoom.com https://www.bffdoom.com double spending proof anonymous ring signatures would let users spend the same funds over and over again without consequence, logically this can't work with any financial system. bffdoom fixes this problem employing modified traceable ring signature system with built feature restrict double-spend attacks that are common other cryptocurrencies. https://www.bffdoom.com malicious user attempts create more than one ring signature using the same private key, even the public keys used are different, the signatures are then linked the system and flagged double spending attempt. https://www.bffdoom.com this use "key images", these are one-way cryptographic imprints private key. two key images are going the same, exactly like two private keys are going the same. all bffdoom users will have installed their wallets updated list all currently used key images, when you compare the file size bitcoin which requires you download the entire blockchain (full record all transactions), you'll find the key image database size much smaller and more convenient. using key images our way preventing double-spending, while also keeping our users' identity safe. you make committing the crime impossible you won't have punish anyone. https://www.bffdoom.com while key images stand measure prevent double spending, they don't let anyone discover the private key they belong to. https://www.bffdoom.com unlinkable transactions https://www.bffdoom.com when using most cryptocurrencies, any time you make use your public address anyone can conduct blockchain analysis determine your wallet balance comparing data from your transactions. even when you're protected ring signatures your incoming transactions can still analysed. one can attempt solve this problem creating new public address over and over again with every new transaction, but doing this would soon develop into chore detracting severely from your convenience factor. https://www.bffdoom.com https://www.bffdoom.com our solution for our currency implement system which automatically creates multiple one-time transaction keys derived from your public key for every transaction you conduct. this possible modifying the diffie-hellman exchange protocol which originally allows two users produce mutual secret key which derivative from their public keys. use the receivers public key and random data generated the sender generate unique one-use key verify the payment. https://www.bffdoom.com https://www.bffdoom.com senders can only generate the public part their keys, while receivers can only read the private part. therefore third-parties can't possibly analyse transactions they are strictly peer-to peer the truest sense the term. https://www.bffdoom.com blockchain analysis resistance it's possible for anyone, with enough time and resources their hands, fully trace any bitcoin all the way back when was mined, finding out the exact path went along the way, often leading people conclude who owns what, who sent what, and sometimes who people are. this attributed bitcoin's transparent blockchain, due it's nature, every transaction has unique variables that are all traceable. what makes tracing these transactions even easier users reusing the same addresses multiple times (even though satoshi recommended using different wallet address for each transaction, not that actually helps much.) their very nature ring signatures are anti-analytical, depending the size the signature, the analyst could trying determine the original sender group anywhere from people, with every new transaction added the list making tracking coin paths increasing impossibility. https://www.bffdoom.com the bffdoom team makes much different approach, our system designed eliminate the risks involved with key re-usage, and traceable variables. learned earlier that ring signatures are derived from mixture sender and receiver data, doing this provide anonymous, private, secure platform for our users. https://www.bffdoom.com https://www.bffdoom.com https://www.bffdoom.com egalitarian proof work key part the democratic system each vote holding the same power. that's why made sure that all users have equal voting rights. https://www.bffdoom.com bffdoom' proof work system true rendition satoshi's famous phrase "one cpu one vote" our users have the right vote new features, transaction order, and supply distribution. https://www.bffdoom.com employ egalitarian proof work function that perfectly suited for multitude devices. our scripts are designed complex and lightweight, perfect for cpu process, but way too difficult and expensive for advanced mining hardware like asic cards and dedicated mining hardware. our function depends slow stream memory with emphasis latency dependence, every byte long block directly depends all previous blocks. the resulting effect exponential increase calculation speed. the algorithm requires only approximately per instance, this because fits perfectly into the cache present every core modern processors, which have been circulation for many years. https://www.bffdoom.com also megabyte internal memory usage will render any asic card impractical for use. gpus and asics can run hundreds instances parallel but are limited gddr memory which infinity slower than average cpu's cache. https://www.bffdoom.com adaptive parameters the bffdoom team believes that for currency viable, must not depend single person, small group peoples' decision (someone tell the fiat currencies!). bulky hard-coded constants and magic numbers present the code most cryptocurrencies act inhibiting factor for their growth, stability, and overall functionality. almost every crucial limit from block size block reward fully adaptive and reactive. each bffdoom block recalculates difficulty using algorithm that adds the sum the work done the previous blocks and divides the https://www.bffdoom.com our solution incorporate dynamic, auto-recalculating variables place these constants provide platform for currency that improves alongside it's users. https://www.bffdoom.com amount time used solve them, while cutting off the outliers the data set. https://www.bffdoom.com for our block size, employ algorithm that prevents bloated inconsistent blockchain, but yet still doesn't apply "hard limit" onto blocks, allowing for steady growth blocksize overtime the network grows and needs meet the demands more users. https://www.bffdoom.com conclusion: while many cryptocurrencies exist the market today, bffdoom will stand out unique blend feature and framework incorporating advanced cryptonote technology and being anchored the expansive and dynamic bffdoom app. looking over bffdoom whole it's plain see that we're equipped for success. we've got the technology, human resources, and motive mould the bffdoom into cryptocurrency rival all others. we've taken brief look into bffdoom' usability, how bffdoom can and will used across multitude platforms and for plethora different reasons. explored the base features bffdoom and the beliefs that hold together it's core and sets bffdoom apart from the rest the pack. and we've had overview the technology that allows bffdoom deliver all its features and functionalities. now i'm sure you agree that bffdoom and bffdoom together make genuine recipe for success, fact we've already started cooking! https://www.bffdoom.com we've https://www.bffdoom.com https://www.bffdoom.com special thanks the cryptonote team for making their technology open-source and adaptable our bffdoom' needs. hope that you continue grow and prosper.