bgg whitepaper official site: bgogo.com contents introduction bgogo exchange bgg token plan what bgg bgg token distribution token distribution breakdown token sale token unlock schedule mining through trading bgg token buyback bgg supernodes definition tenure one vote, one listing per-trade commission share re-election mechanism duties responsibilities team members introduction bgogo exchange bgogo aspires the cryptocurrency exchange the community, the community, for the community. the first digital asset exchange with supernode listing authority, designed list the most high quality and promising digital assets. bgogo.com registered cayman islands and headquartered palo alto, california. bgogo founders include members from leading internet companies such facebook, twitter, ibm, alibaba, etc. the core engineering team consists several world champions the acm international collegiate programming contest. bgg token plan what bgg bgg the platform token issued bgogo exchange participate the bgg trading ecosystem. bgg token distribution there total fixed number ,,, bgg that will ever created. token distribution breakdown billion) will mineable users through trading billion) will reserved for ecosystem developments and bgogo daily operations billion) will reserved for the team billion) will allocated among the first generation supernodes and strategic investors. mined through trading founding team first supernodes and strategic investors ecosystem development and operation figure bgg token distribution token sale the total supply billion bgg tokens) will sold for eth the founding generation supernodes well strategic partners during the private sale. the private sale price bgg eth. each supernode granted allocation eth, totaling eth for all supernodes. the rest eth raised from strategic investors well ecosystem partners. token unlock schedule the total bgg token supply reserved for mining through trading over period years. there daily cap for tokens available for mining. the reserved for ecosystem developments and bgogo daily operations will unlocked the same rate mining. team distribution will vested over years, with the end each year. meanwhile, bgogo will update and post bgg token holding positions all supernodes the website. this unprecedented case where exchange makes public its top token holders well their positions. this means that any change supernode positions will seen all platform users. hope become pioneer promoting transparency the cryptocurrency exchange industry. mining through trading mineable bgg tokens total supply) will reserved for users the form high-frequency trading fee rebates, commonly known mining through trading. number bgg tokens equivalent the trading fee will rebated the user only minutes after the trade. bgogo reserves the right adjust the rebate rate grow, but promise maintain minimum rebate the price bgg will determined the market price the time when trade finalized. notes: avoid malicious manufactured trading, the number bgg tokens mineable will not exceed the daily cap. any trades after the daily cap reached are not eligible for fee rebates. the total mineable bgg will capped daily over span four years months). daily rewards will distributed evenly the hour. the hourly cap equal the daily cap. month daily released amount month daily released amount month daily released amount month daily released amount month daily released amount month daily released amount month daily released amount month daily released amount month daily released amount month daily released amount figure bgg mining table please note that according figure the total number bgg tokens mineable during the first -month period only add billion. the rest million tokens are reserved for mining during ad-hoc adjustments around million will mined during the genesis mining event, and the other million bgg tokens are reserved for provisions unexpected trading demand flexibly increasing the mining cap that day. avoid malicious manufactured trading, bgogo will implement daily cap usd million per account trading volume eligible for the fee rebate. once the daily cap reached, traders will not able receive extra bgg tokens until the following trading day starts. bgogo reserves the right alter discontinue the mining rebate program prior the completion the genesis mining event affected market status. bgg token buyback every hours, bgogo will use the trading commissions accumulated repurchase bgg. the buyback tokens will sent burn address made public. trading fees are collected bgogo exchange. btc, eth ... users bgogo trading fee equiv. bgg will rewared user after mins the trading bgg bgg token daily high-frequency repurchase bgg with trading fees exchange received btc, eth ... figure bgg mining mechanism bgg supernodes definition there are bgg supernodes. the founding generation supernodes selected from leading cryptocurrency institutions across the globe. these entities will participate the bgg token private sale. playing key role the bgogo ecosystem, each supernode granted the "one vote, one listing" right well the benefit per-trade commission share" over lifetime. tenure the tenure each supernode one quarter, i.e. roughly days. the end each quarter, bgogo supernodes are re-elected based the top accounts bgg holding position (see supernode re-election mechanism). supernodes are required pass kyc verification and subject vetting the team order qualify. this for the purpose protection against potential violations laws and regulations. one vote, one listing each supernode entitled "one vote, one listing" authority. this privilege gives status holders the right pick cryptocurrency list the bgogo trading platform during its tenure. this under the premise that the cryptocurrency nominated passes legal qualifications and approved listed the project team. the event where multiple supernodes are competing list the same cryptocurrency, bgogo will respect the project team's decision which supernode they choose nominate them. thus, total coins from supernodes should listed during each quarter. per-trade commission share fixed the commission generated over lifetime from trading the cryptocurrency supernode nominates will paid the supernode. re-election mechanism daily snapshot all individual accounts our platform will taken (utc+). this will utilized criteria for supernode re-election. based the daily weighed calculation bgg positions held each account, will obtain ranking total bgg holdings one quarter. the top accounts that ranking who pass kyc verification will eligible obtain supernode status the following quarter. prospective supernode ineligible declines undertake the status, the status will granted the next bgg holder in-line determined the ranking that quarter. supernodes receive fees for sole-listing authority supernodes ers oje top bgg holders become next supernodes bgogo exchan figure bgg supernodes ecosystem duties responsibilities excluding the first generation supernodes, all supernodes starting from the second generation are required lock their bgg balance during their tenure. supernodes should perform due diligence and guarantee the authenticity, reliability, legitimacy the cryptocurrencies they choose list. they are encouraged choose cryptocurrency that highly recognized the communities and examine against false disclosures, business fraud, including "pyramid" ponzi schemes. any violations are discovered after listing, bgogo reserves the right delist the cryptocurrency chosen the supernode and disqualify the supernode. team members ceo, maximilian wang former software engineer facebook, and also the former founder facebook's crypto syndicate. holds master's degree computer science from ucsd. also senior blockchain researcher, influencer and advisor. helped and directed several popular blockchain projects silicon valley such quarkchain. cto, nicolas chen formerly worked facebook's u.s. headquarters and was responsible for maintaining the network security billion facebook, whatsapp, and instagram users. has won the acm-icpc international college student programming competition regional champion. nicolas holds bachelor's degree computer science from shanghai jiaotong university. coo, oscar song former operations chief huobi and founding team member gukebao. oscar holds bachelor's degree finance from renmin university china. cso, ciara sun formerly worked boston consulting group, deloitte advisory, has rich work experiences financial analysis, strategic consulting and corporate management experiences. she provided portfolio and asset management for billion scale hedge funds and private equity fund. she won the championship for blockchain consensys without borders summit project. bgogo's core team consists members with backgrounds facebook, microsoft, alibaba, twitter and boston consulting group various locations such silicon valley, hong kong and singapore.