decentralized advertising ecosystem march version ..-draft author: vung nguyen tuan content introduction vision and purpose market overview current problems the market bigbom eco decentralized advertising ecosystem what bigbom eco? bbo token ecosystem technology smart contract execution main contracts the bigbom marketplace bigbom marketplace's workflow bigbom iads competitive analysis team advisors partners roadmap market expansion token token sale token allocation business model and execution plan marketing campaign and revenue forecasts risk analysis faqs sources introduction bigbom eco serves decentralized advertising ecosystem for all parties involved online advertising, inclusive advertisers, service providers, content publishers, advertising channels, platforms. bigbom eco being developed using smart contract, running ethereum blockchain. are proud say that all data linked through bigbom eco transparent, accurate, automated and immutable. the bigbom marketplace concentrates all service suppliers, who are rated and evaluated bigbom eco, and service buyers transparently. the buyer advertiser able choose the most suitable service supplier basing the rating and reviews. bigbom iads utilizes auto-optimized advertising system array channels, such facebook, google, instagram, and twitter. this system has been developed with self-developed algorithm which facilitates the automatic optimization advertisements, thus removing intermediaries the decision-making process. bigbom iads will automatically deactivate those ads that exhibit relatively lower conversion rate, incur higher cost prices than expected. advertisers will able manage campaigns according kpis, and the system will then automatically allocate the budget towards efficient ads, campaigns and channels. this helps advertisers conserving the campaign implementation effort while decreasing the costs much return, this helps them increase their return investment (roi). the goal companies and advertisers maximize their marketing impact while minimizing their marketing costs. order reach this goal, they have target the right audience, who needs matches the and using the right channel the right time. .vision and purpose bigbom eco the first digital advertising ecosystem built decentralized application platform (dapp), which links platforms and publishers advertisers globally. aim solve the trouble truth between advertising buyers and sellers using blockchain technology. aim free human resources online marketing optimize costs and increase the effect advertising campaigns through the development bigbom iads, advertising automation utility which abilities self-learning and optimizing ads bidding many popular platforms. next years, bigbom eco aims become ecosystem with significant influence the global online advertising industry. .market overview approximately million new businesses are established around the world (by moyak, this leads increased level competition all fields day-by-day. the competitiveness increases, the advertising/marketing demand increases sharply. simultaneously, online advertising technology has dramatically evolved recent years, thanks preeminent advantages over traditional advertising, such the possibility target ads more specifically, higher measurement accuracy and lower costs. result, annual revenue the online advertising industry continues grow strongly. online advertising accounted for global advertising expenditure and forecasted increase the coming years (magna, according magna (), worldwide advertising expenditure for digital channels represents billion market, accounting for the advertising industry. has overtaken traditional advertising channels such ads billion (accounting for the market). the shift towards digital advertising spending demonstrates that brands and advertisers recognize the growing influence online advertising channels. market overview given the growth rate, magna projects the expenditure digital advertising will grow reach billion and billion figure data for and beyond are forecasts (magna) another source, statista.com estimates that digital advertising spending will reach billion and billion figure further demonstrates that advertisers are shifting budgets from traditional advertising markets digital advertising market, and the level spending digital advertising keeps rising rapidly. according global statistics, google and facebook are the leading providers online advertising worldwide with revenues billion and billion respectively (statista.com, the figures show that google and facebook account for nearly total global online advertising revenue. addition, other channels such twitter accounts for billion and estimated have speedy growth the coming time (statista, .current problems the market the online advertising industry has grown exponentially recent years, and projected keep doing the coming years. though, the team behind bigbom eco found that the problems had deal with daily basis, were still the same ones the problems had deal with during the industry's infancy. trust between advertising buyers (advertisers) and sellers (ads platform publishers): buyers: buyers often waste time selecting the right ads platform and suitable publishers. moreover, they are unable evaluate the effectiveness and quality advertising before actual implementation. this leads uncertainty about the level efficiency and whether the kpis promise the sellers will met. sellers: for sellers, there risk non-payment, they generally provide the service before payment completed. for instance, google, facebook and similar platforms hosting ads are forced lock their customers accounts, due them not having enough funds cover transactions due date. this may results these customers being debt the platform, with debt collecting fees negatively influencing the platform's profit margin. lacks support for dapps through traditional marketplace solutions: with the emerging popularity blockchain technology and cryptocurrency, the transition from traditional application dapps occured multiple industries, such entertainment and financial technology etc. however, the amount marketplace for advertisers and advertising platform/content provider very limited. this reduces the ability expansion potential customers the digital money economy. current problems the market manual management ads time-consuming and ineffective: managing ads across multiple campaigns multiple channels time and labor intensive. clients may able reach thousands users setting facebook, google twitter, though there little control the performance these ads without manual adjustment. addition manual adjustment being necessary, advertising agencies are usually not working around the clock, which means that there possibility adjustments outside working hours. suboptimal advertising budgeting advertisers usually are able measure and adjust their online ads spending only inside the ads platform/publisher that their campaign running. this does not guarantee the budget fully optimized. for example, when advertiser evaluates their results the multiple platform such facebook google, there are some ads not having good performance each platform. result, budgets will not optimized for these specific ads. this means that the campaign not successful could have been. these lead the following questions: how optimize budget when investing advertising? how are the budgets among the different channels optimized? bigbom has run over thousand campaigns each year for many large companies, including baskin robbins, jockey, lazada and vng. through their business, bigbom experienced first-hand which difficulties clients and users within the advertising industry have deal with. even though talented teams and companies invest significantly time, effort and money into their advertisement, the structure disallowed them reach maximized return investment. that the reason why bigbom eco was started. .bigbom eco decentralized advertising ecosystem ..what bigbom eco? bigbom eco decentralized advertising ecosystem for all parties involved online advertising, including advertising, content publishers and advertising channels. bigbom eco developed using smart contracts, running the ethereum blockchain and tomochain. all connected data via bigbom eco transparent, accurate, autonomous and immutable when data posted blockchain. tomochain: tomochain innovative solution the scalability problem with the ethereum blockchain. tomochain plans support horizontal scaling via adding more second layer blockchains with good performance integrated with ethereum for backup and atomic cross-chain transfer. bigbom has signed memorandum understanding (mou) with tomochain. with this mou, bigbom eco will receive advisory and technical support from tomochain the development phase bigbom eco. bigbom eco will experiment itself tomochain for comparison about transaction speed, network fee and stability against ethereum. ..bbo token bbo, implements using erc- standard, the main utility for transactions under bigbom eco's ecosystem. the reason have our own token wanted have better ownership, and make easier for users the ecosystem. relying other cryptocurrencies/tokens brings lot risk bigbom, since they can change their own policy. advertisers can buy bbo tokens during the ico purchase exchanges after the ico completed, buying directly from our reserve using credit card (explained next section). bigbom eco decentralized ..ecosystem any platform, service product related digital advertising around the world can become part bigbom eco. they may advertisers and publishers, and even ads platforms may opt integrate the bigbom ecosystem. the infographic below describes the relationship between all parts bigbom ecosystem. each member will have specific benefits joining into this ecosystem. bigbom ecosystem infographic easy engagement and cost effective for advertiser easy choose your partner smart contracts fast, reliable secure easy engagement bbo token advertiser ads plaform publisher infographic all campaigns, many plaforms, one place reach your goal with minized cost crypto ready figure bigbom ecosystem bigbom eco decentralized easy engagement and cost effective for advertiser: establish contract with few clicks.. extra fee. the only fee small transaction fee for the execution the smart contract. easy choose your partner: through ratings reviews smart contracts, advertisers can decide which publisher the best fit for their business bigbom eco marketplace also provides rich and transparent provisioning for each ads platform/publisher joining the marketplace fast reliable secure: with ethereum network, transaction usually takes around for confirmation.on tomochain, this less than seconds. this totally comparable with credit card, but the fee much less. with large transaction, one common method wired transfer, but takes days depends many factors. compare with ethereum/tomochain, the transaction time faster. decentralized network network consisting thousands nodes, although there are still some limitations the implementation regarding the consesus protocol, but project such ethereum and tomochain currently actively working more stable consensus protocol, such proof authority and proof stake, which provides more scalability and fault tolerance. blockchain secure nature. record blockchain immutable, meaning one could change any method. users also own their private key, the only method access their account blockchain. easy engagement: the marketplace allows you actively engage with advertisers, using direct offer partici bigbom eco decentralized pate client bidding offer addition, our recommendation engine will select and give best suggestions about which customer you should engage. all campaigns, many platforms, one place: bigbom iads allows you connect with multiple different ads platform within single account. all your campaigns are now available under single overview your computer. reach you goal with minimized cost: bigbom iads allows you connect with multiple different ads platform within single account. all your campaigns are now available under single overview your computer. crypto-ready: bigbom eco allows users pay with their traditional payment methods, such creditcard. practice, they will essentially buy bbo tokens from the bbo reserve rate above market price, therefore minimizing impact the overall value the bbo-token. addition, these bbo tokens will directly used within the system, thereby further decreasing supply the bbo token. .technology ethereum tomochain the ethereum network provides distributed ecosystems and smart contracts that have been proven and widely used many companies, including morgan, cisco deloitte credit suisse, enterprises. ether (eth), the ethereum token has become popular recent years. ethereum the second largest coin terms market capitalization, just after bitcoin. ethereum also the largest smart contract platform with the largest number deployed contracts, approximately smart contracts (according etherscan.io). technology addition ethereum, bigbom will develop its system parallel tomochain. tomochain aims solve the scalability problem within ethereum, and plans support horizontal scaling. does so, adding more second layer blockchains, allowing cross-chain transfer. bigbom will work directly with tomochain this integration. after pilot testing, bigbom will opt which the solutions the most effective for its business. ..smart contract execution the majority the features the bigbom marketplace are operated smart contract. when party (advertiser) needs use online advertising services from service provider (ads platform/publisher), both parties will agree the price and specific commitment (kpis) the time signing smart contract. full overview the various stages incorporated into the smart contract can found below: one the smart contract signed, bigbom marketplace secures the necessary bbo tokens from the buyer ensure the payment process later. any transaction transferred bigbom marketplace without smart contract the platform will refunded the service provider will deploy customer's campaign accordance with the terms the contract the payment process will activated the time was previously set the smart contract. based the actual result the campaign, terms payment will carried out accordance with the original conditions bigbom eco automatically evaluates each transaction comparing the original commitments the actual results. the same time, the buyer can rate the seller order receive certain amount bbo tokens from the bonus fund. smart contracts will ensure this process completely transparent figure steps smart contract execution technology ..main contracts the bigbom marketplace: service offer contract: when the ads platform publisher offer their services customers, the service offer contract used set start and end dates, kpi terms and payment terms between both parties. buyers will able review the information advance, and make decision whether they would like move forward with the deal. service bidding contract: both advertisers and ads platform/publishers have the ability create service bidding contract. with the same type service the service offer contract, participants will able make offers the best prices, based the term. after the service bidding contract validated, whoever makes the highest bid will selected execute the contract. payment contract: when ads platform/publisher executes advertising campaign for their customers, all kpis promised service offer contract/service bidding contract will tracked and recorded bigbom eco. ads platforms/publishers can only request their customers pay for bbos when the kpi conditions have been met, and did not exceed the time specified the smart contract. review/rating contract: order evaluate the quality both parties, the rating contract will used evaluate advertisers and ads platform/publisher. the evaluator will receive bonus with certain amount bbo reward. technology ..bigbom marketplace's workflow: the bigbom marketplace place where all service providers are evaluated and ranked bigbom eco and serves buyers fairly and transparently. advertisers are able select their service provider based their ratings and previous reviews. when the contract ends, advertisers are encouraged rate and review the service providers. advertisers who give reviews are rewarded certain amount bbo tokens from the bonus fund. only those who use service provider, which can tracked through smart contracts, can give them rating, which makes the ratings far more accurate than other review platforms. the advertisers can see ratings and reviews the ratings page. the advertisers can compare between ratings left other buyers and ratings that are automatically generated the system. the thorough and unbiased rating information helps buyers selecting better quality service providers. the higher the service provider ranked, the higher they will appear the ratings page. being listed higher helps the seller attract more customers and motivates the seller improve their services and advertising effectiveness. advertiser sign connect wallet create campaign get matching create join bidding contract sign payment figure bigbom marketplace workflow ..bigbom iads key technologies used bigbom iads: microservice architecture docker campaign synchronization system using asynchronous batch processing system based nodejs and redis nosql database with low latency, high scalability. connected blockchain for secure transactions self-developed algorithm continuously updates the results advertising campaigns for optimizing bidding price. bigbom iads will tackle difficulties the same platform: using self-optimized algorithm, bigbom iads works assistant robot for advertisers during working hours, night, the weekend and during public holidays. technology managing campaigns according kpis and optimized ads based expected bidding price advertiser across multiple channels. scanning thousands ads each account, every minutes and automaticall adjusts them real time. automatically raises and lowers bidding channels. automatically turns off ads that are not performing well have low conversion rate. automatically allocates budget between channels real time, based campaign performance. tailoring audience suggestions. automatically performs a/b testing over hundreds ads find the best ads, landing pages, and objectives. making easy for advertisers manage and compare multi-channel data providing synchronized, real-time reporting all channels. managing thousands advertising accounts single bigbom account. creates hundreds campaigns across multiple accounts under one bigbom iads campaign. sign up/ login connect advertising accounts select advertisement channels select advertiser's account create advertising campaign(s) create kpis create advertisement groups create advertisements select location target audiences age gender budget calendar makers language positions showcase hopefully bidding behavior hobbies etc. create quickly advertisement close your laptop! the bigbom auto will automation optimaling "off/on" advertisement and adjust bidding like human! figure bigbom iads workflow technology how does bigbom iads reduce human costs and decrease the advertising costs much other systems the market rely simple "if, else" rules for optimizing their advertisements. with bigbom iads, advertisers only need enter their desired bid and bigbom will automatically optimize campaigns using cle ver and sophisticated algorithms. bigbom iads will create multiple placements the same time, reducing creation time figure bigbom iads's permutation algorithm bigbom iads uses series smart algorithms make the most cost-effective and optimal bids for each ad. a/b testing helps advertisers find the right audience for each ad. based the results from this test, the system automatically allocates the budget for the best audience. the system automatically creates cancels ads based each ad's effectiveness. ads are automatically evaluated against the advertiser's kpis. this helps advertising agencies spend less time monitoring ads. figure ads optimization via bigbom iads .competitive analysis the past years, the cryptocurrency industry has seen multiple projects utilizing blockchain technology attempt solve the issues the traditional advertising industry faces. however, previous projects such adex, indahash and adhive are structurally different from bigbom eco. bigbom eco has been purposely made decentralized ecosystem with variety solutions offered including smart contracts, marketplace and bigbom iads. other platforms platforms are essentially advertising platforms this means, that technically these platforms could become target audience for bigbom eco the future. team ceo co-founder vung nguyen vung nguyen the founder ceo bigbom. has years technology start-up experience and years experience digital advertising. also the founder adtop, online advertising company established adtop has steadily increased revenue and currently generates millions dollars revenue per year. starting mr. vung and his partners developed advertising solution that has displayed over billion impressions per month. mr. vung nguyen graduated from the silicon valley founder institute, startup training program involving people from over countries. linkedin: https://www.linkedin.com/in/vungnguyen twitter: https://twitter.com/vungak cto co-founder tuan (alex) tuan experienced engineer with over years experience high-tech business. has worked for large enterprises such vng and lazada. addition, tuan has designed and developed many scalable and high-performance systems which serve millions users. also blockchain enthusiast and active investor. linkedin: https://www.linkedin.com/in/co-le-quoc-tuan-b/ twitter: https://twitter.com/colequoctuan cmo cofounder anh huynh (annie) anh graduated from the rmit university faculty marketing. she has worked companies such nguyen kim, vietnamworks and adtop. she currently charge all bigbom's marketing plans, including building and expanding bigbom's community potential stakeholders around the world. linkedin: https://www.linkedin.com/in/annie-huynh-ba/ community management, team leader: marco calicchiat marco responsible for community management bigbom. also founder mazee, former community manager lockchain.co and siteground company. linkedin: https://www.linkedin.com/in/marcocalicchi/ lead engineer cofounder: hung quoc (kenny) with years experience the field technology and systems development, mr. hung has successfully built advertising systems that serve billion impressions per month. linkedin: https://www.linkedin.com/in/quochungnguyen/ lead ui/ux engineer: cau trang cau suprising discovery bigbom team. all his designs bring completely new breath for the project. with the experience implementing many projects for clients around the world, easily grasps the latest design trends for website and mobile platforms. linkedin: https://www.linkedin.com/in/cau-trang-a/ backend developer: khanh nguyen (brian) khanh one the first members bigbom's engineering team. together with bigbom's lead engineer, khanh responsible for developing the backend for bigbom's products, especially bigbom iads. linkedin: https://www.linkedin.com/in/khanh-nguyen-b/ front-end developer thinh (shen) thinh talented front-end engineer, specializes building applications with reactjs. thinh brings creativity, sophistication bigbom's interface. together with design, they become extremely collaborative team both work and life. linkedin: https://www.linkedin.com/in/thinh-au-tuan-aba/ engineer: thanh nguyen (windy) thanh ensures that bigbom's products are delivered customers with the best experience. graduating from one the most reputable universities vietnam, thanh has some good qualities engineer including hard work, responsibility, creativity and eager learn. linkedin: https://www.linkedin.com/in/thanhnguyen/ marketing executive nguyen (ann) marketing executive bigbom. she responsible for all activities related bigbom's marketing campaign including pr, event and community. graduated from rmit university, she one the most dynamic and active members marketing team. linkedin: https://www.linkedin.com/in/an-thien-bba/ .advisors financial advisor mr. david carnell mr. david carnell currently managing partner clean energy capital pty ltd, advisor ico funds management blockchain intelligence group llc singapore industry experts offering all services required launch successful ico including marketing, legal, technical and financial support. was also ceo international fluid, acqua international and safer energy groups. former director finance bwn industries linkedin: https://www.linkedin.com/in/david-carnell-aba/ strategic advisor: dr. david nguyen founder blockchain intelligence group, co-author with mr. loi luu kyber network the book "blockchain and basic icos investment pathway financial freedom". dr. david the president the vietnam chamber commerce singapore (vietcham singapore), chairman regulus investment and capital holdings, singaporean private equity firm manag- ing million funds, has helped over vietnamese smes and startups expand into the global market through the singapore gateway. dr. david holds phd from the universite maine france, and double mba marketing and strategy from nanyang business school nanyang technological university, singapore. linkedin: https://www.linkedin.com/in/quangvunguyen/ marketing advisor: mr. niels jense ruiter niels marketing advisor and investor. advises and assists several icos with marketing. graduated with msc strategic management from erasmus university, rotterdam, with extracurricular mba semester keio university, tokyo. worked digital production marketing, with clients such general electric, adidas, she and heineken. previously held several positions ranging from founder web shop online marketer. linkedin: https://www.linkedin.com/in/njderuiter/ co-founder kyber network mr. victor tran victor tran senior backend engineer and linux system administrator. has experience developing large-scale infrastructures for multiple social marketing platforms and advertising networks. interested building high performance multi-platform applications. victor has been involved blockchain and cryptocurrency development since early and lead engineer the smartpool project and co-founder/lead engineer kybernetwork. linkedin: https://www.linkedin.com/in/vutranhuy/ twitter: https://twitter.com/vutran co-founder tomochain mr. minh chu director blockchain research tomochain, chief cloud architect vccloud one the biggest "aws like" local cloud service south east asia. minh has deep technology research expertise and security expert. linkedin: https://www.linkedin.com/in/chu-duc-minh-a/ .partners figure list current bigbom's partnership .roadmap our primary focus bigbom iads and bigcom eco development. will open our beta version bigbom iads mvp before ico date. below our roadmap, including our key milestones for technical and business development.dates and activities may subject change. figure bigbom's roadmap market expansion our development strategy different depending each stage the project. the first phase, focus expanding markets asia (excluding china) and the united states. then, will expand other markets europe, india and china. order accelerate the market expansion, will promote the cooperation bigbom with professional and popular advertising partners the targeted markets. clear, use the "network growth" fund maximize our partners' participation the bigbom eco ecosystem, and will provide free fixed amount time attract more advertisers using bigbom iads. general, will expand different markets depending the capital gain during the ico period. figure market expansion based raised funds token ..token sale bbo will issued erc- compatible token. only token available for public sale. the reason have chosen for hard cap only eth, with relatively lower amount tokens allocated for the token sale, because are able set out and accomplish our first goals with only eth funds. this approach more similar seed funding approach, which more appropriate given the nature the businesses this stage. could have opted increase our hard cap and allocate larger amount tokens for the token token sale, though not want raise more capital than needed this stage. this approach further internally incentivizes long-term approach for bigbom. later stage, once the product more developed, may raise more capital order fulfill our further goals for the project. token freezes are incorporated into our smart contracts ensure that this will only possible later stage. details about these freeze times can found further this document. our pre-ico will happens from march gmt march gmt. our ico will happens april the rest the details can found the table below: hardcap eth softcap reached during private sales total supply ... bbo token sale price eth bbo total token for sale bbo require kyc yes erc token yes timeline pre-ico ico march march april figure token sale details note: not guarantee that all investors will able purchase bbo tokens during the ico period. ensure legality, investors need provide personal information (kyc) included the whitelist. reserve the right refuse investment from citizens from certain countries that have laws prohibiting icos have other relevant regulations. carefully following legal processes, will make easier for bbo tokens listed major international exchanges. token ..token allocation founders core staff (%): these tokens are allocated founders core staff, who have been involved this project for long time before this ico. these tokens will frozen for duration least months years). advisors (%): bigbom has appointed several experienced advisors, who will assist with the project not only during the ico, but also afterwards. these tokens will frozen for duration least months year). bounty program (%): advance the ico, are organizing bounty program, aimed those individuals who assist bringing bigbom wider audience. there are several ways for individuals earn bounties, including writing articles, joining the telegram channel and making video about bigbom. network growth (%): primarily for attracting new advertisers, ads platforms/publishers into the ecosystem. will not release all the tokens once, instead will develop plan release the token, depends ecosystem's development. these tokens will frozen for duration least months year). reserve (,%): order decrease the barrier entry our customers, customer are able pay for their services our ecosystem traditional payment method, such credit card. practice, these customers will essentially buy bbo tokens from the bbo reserve rate above market price, therefore minimizing impact the overall value the bbo-token. addition, these bbo tokens will directly used within the system, thereby further decreasing supply the bbo token the market. this system will into place after months year). implementation traditional payment methods may occur before that period.in this case users buy directly from the market through the bancor protocol. addition, the reserve may used raise more capital later stage. token token sale (.%): the tokens are allocated for the token sale, for total hard cap eth. the token sale consists private sale (.%), pre-ico (.%) and public sale (%). unsold tokens will burnt. after contract deployed, all tokens that not belong token sale phase will sent multiple ethereum multisig wallets. each wallet represents different category. the funds these wallets will frozen according the structure laid out figure after the frozen duration, bbo can withdrawn from these wallets, but will apply maximum withdrawal limit for each wallets. also apply another hrs lockout the maximum withdrawal reached. table below describing about the token withdrawal policy. frozen duration maximum withdrawal delay between maximum withdrawal burning policy founder core staff t+months ,,. hrs advisor t+months ,,. hrs airdrop bounty t+months ,,. hrs network growth t+months ,,. hrs reserve t+months ,,. hrs public sale ,,. unsold token will burnt private sale ,,. unsold token will burnt pre-ico ,,. unsold token will burnt figure token withdrawal policy token reserve core founder staff advisor bounty token allocation network growth token sale figure token allocation structure .business model and execution plan have developed several scenarios for our execution plan, depending the amount eth raised, and the eth/usd conversation rate. the table below for raise usd. further the document, there specification for lower amounts. area spending usd product research development $,, $,, $,, marketing $,, $,, $,, business develoment $,, $,, administration operation $,, legal figure money spending years term infrastructure and salary. fair amount these funds will used for attracting more data scientists, whom will develop algorithm for adjusting ads price bigbom iads and user matching bigbom eco. marketing attracting advertisers and agencies into the bigbom marketplace. business develoment expanding into potential markets such sea/us/korea/japan. administration operation this budget allocated cover the expenses the back-office, well the salaries all the employees, excluding the development center. legal this budget allocated cover the legal expenses for the platform development and its roll out others region. however, case not reach hardcap, will continue implement the project followed the business objectives. because that, will have slight change how allocate funds suit the actual situation. funds product research development marketing business develoment administration operation legal figure use funds multiple scenarios marketing campaign and certain that the most effective marketing word mouth. order this, bigbom's main focus will developing the best product possible, and bringing the most benefit the users. result, bigbom anticipates they will happy introduce bigbom eco others. addition, enhancing promotion, advertising, being sponsorship relevant events targeted markets will also extremely assist boosting the bigbom eco brand. bigbom aims build library with the goal providing advertisers with the best possible experience products services the ecosystem. addition, customers and vip partners can supported directly bigbom team. more important, bigbom will cooperate globally with influencers the field online advertising and pre-coding, deliver our message potential clients and partners. revenue forecasts before focusing revenue, our strategy the first stage will focus maximizing the number advertisers and partners participating bigbom eco and bigbom iads expand market share. there are two main sources revenue: revenue comes from bigbom eco marketplace: bigbom helps platforms/publishers gain more new and potential customers. the same time, they will share with their revenue. note: for alatform publisher only use smart contract, but not join the marketplace bigbom eco will not require pay any fee for us. revenue forecasts bigbom iads revenue: our solution purposely helps advertisers save maximum human resources while increasing efficiency and reducing costs. the fee for using bigbom iads will between based total spending. the total cost advertisers can save even larger, this perfectly fitting fee. global advertisers the facebook platform and google, etc. are also potential customers bigbom iads. budget allocation total platform/ marketing technology (.%) (%) (%) revenue counted each partner revenue from bigbom eco $.. $... $... $... advertiser quantity facebook and google *** average value each advertisement (.%) (.%) (.%) $.. $.. $.. revenue bigbom iads $.. gross profit $.. $.. cost $.. $.. $.. ebitda -$.. -$.. $.. total partners assumed revenue from facebook and google quantity advertisers spending budget advertisers through bigb iads note: (*) based report chiefmartec.com (**) based report statista.com (***) based report businessinsider.com figure revenue forecasting years revenue forecasts note: according statista.com and businessinsider.com, from google's revenue growth and the number advertisers, facebook are forecasted downward. besides, data global platforms and marketing technologies has gradual decline chiefmartech.com, -). .risk analysis perform risk analysis based major area: technology, market and legislation. the analysis relies our more than years this industry, and our experience blockchain technology since technology: what your risks terms technology? stability decentralized network, especially ethereum: had anticipated that the decentralized network itself till early-stage, could changed, transformed, completely disappears without notice. even we're developing our solution ethereum platform, the largest smart contract platform current time being, there's guarantee that ethereum will head its current plan. dencentralized network running community, and very fagile terms regulation, cannot expecting consistency this moment. risk rating: average despite this situation, bigbom believes that smart contract platform has huge potential the future. smart contract development still has lot space for improvement, innovation. any circumstances, our solution only can become better, with the evolution the smart contract technology. impact: low risk analysis marketplace: advertisers and partners are not willing use the bigbom marketplace and bigbom iads. bigbom iads convinced able attract advertisers their platforms, because several reasons: the bigbom marketplace solves the trust issues which are currently occurring traditional systems. bigbom marketplace safe and secure, and severely reduces the risk fraudulent transactions. addition, reduces the risk deferred payment from advertisers. the bigbom iads saves terms effort and terms efficiency, will significant attractor. finally, bigbom will create user-friendly experience which will easy use. risk rating: low impact: none legislation: countries prohibit the use tokens intermediary payment assets. this common problem for multiple companies involved cryptocurrency. bigbom pte ltd, singapore-based company, country with advanced and transparent legal system, and has been supportive cryptocurrencies. case the growth bigbom eco hampered legal issues, bigbom may consider move operations other countries. risk rating: low impact: low business: market expanding difficulties each market has different size, culture, legistation and geographic. expanding into new market requires lot research, networking, presence establishment. only challenging figure token withdrawal policy these problems seriously, company able successfully expand their business into other markets. risk rating: average will use raised funds for investment into market research, legal assistance, and opening our representative upcoming markets. with our current experience advertising industry, and support from our high-profile advisors, don't see any big obstacles regarding this problem. impact: low .faqs how can advertisers and investors purchase bbo tokens? bbo tokens can purchased during the private sale, pre-ico, and ico. bbo tokens may also purchased exchange after the ico closes. how will bigbom increase the value bbo tokens over time? the value bbo will decided market, the higher the demand, the higher the value bbo will reflected. our primary target attracting thousands advertisers and ads platform/publisher into our ecosystem, generating high volume transaction. result, there will high demand for bbo token the market. our product development progressing well, and are able release our products months after ico ended. addition, the total supply bbo fixed and unchanged over time. what the fee per transaction when using smart contract? the fee will determined the ethereum network. we're working scheme for letting anyone able execute our contracts, giving them right choose the gas price that suit them. faqs the value bbo can change during contract's duration. how will bigbom reduce risk for the ads platform/publisher? this common problem for the whole cryptocurrency market. when person accepts payment through bitcoin ethereum, they accept that the value these coins may change over time. bigbom committed develop strong bigbom eco following the long-term. successful, demand for the bbo tokens will increase, which has positive long-term effect the tokens. though, for those cases where users may appreciate more stability, bigbom eco will linked with cryptocurrency converters that investors and partners can quickly convert bbo tokens usd other currencies. how are the campaign reports generated, and how accurate are they? with institutions capable delivering reports through the api, bigbom eco will integrate with their apis collect information about the advertising campaign and provide advertisers. for organizations that not have the ability provide reports through the api, the advertiser will negotiate with the provider the authenticity the campaign results. examples such method are google analytics and appsflyer. all countries share the same problems between advertiser and ads platform/publisher the online advertising industry? which benefits does the ads platform/publisher receive participating bigbom eco? depending the country, the proportion unpaid customer accounts around this huge loss revenue compared the charge bigbom eco compared total loss). therefore, ads platform/publisher are expected have significant revenue gain using bigbom eco. addition, the community bbo advertisers grows, ads platform/publisher will have more opportunities acquire new customers through the bigbom marketplace. faqs why should advertiser choose ads platform/publisher the bigbom eco ecosystem? what are the benefits? first, bigbom eco will use smart contract guarantee maximum benefits for the buyer. the ecosystem's marketplace allows advertisers easily search for and select service providers. advertisers can make informed decisions reviewing the service providers' ratings. the ratings are provided the bigbom system and other advertisers, and are transparent, objective and accurate. second, once bigbom eco fully developed and used widely, will become common platform for all parties the online advertising industry. being part this ecosystem will advantage for all advertisers, and platforms who seek new customers, partners and service providers. where bigbom based? bigbom limited british virgin island based company (bvi company bigbom limited the parent company bigbom pte ltd, singapore-based company (uen c). both companies are headquartered robinson road, sbf center, singapore bigbom limited the issuer bbo token whereby bigbom pte ltd will charge business development including building the network advertising agencies that will join the bigbom ecosystem. facebook google temporarily suspend all apis and change the distribution algorithm then why? unlikely for facebook and google suspend all their api, there are hundreds major advertising companies the world that are connected their apis. and discussed above, they have policy developing the agency network. bigbom iads does not interfere with the delivery ads facebook, google and other platforms. .sources .bigbom and tomochain signing mou https://medium.com/@bigbom/bigbom-and-tomochain-sign-strategic-partnership-agreement-aedefef .ethereum alliance members https://entethalliance.org/members/ .ingram, 'facebook said has over million advertisers', business insider may august .kollewe, 'google and facebook bring one-fifth global revenue', the guardian, may, viewed august .recode was the year digital spending finally beat tv, recode, viewed august .statista n.d., facebook's u.s. and non-u.s. advertising revenue from (in billion u.s. dollars), statista, viewed august .statista n.d., digital advertising spending worldwide from (in billion u.s. dollars) statista, viewed august sources .statista n.d., google's revenue from (in billion u.s. dollars), statista, viewed august .statista n.d., twitter's advertising revenue worldwide from (in billion u.s. dollars), statista, viewed august