billionaire token: the first super-deflationary, gambling and gaming coin whitepaper (-dec-) the billionaire token team because money really everything are the billionaire token team and want bring something new the crypto-gaming and gambling industry. have managed innovate deflationary model for coin with low supply top which there are games, fun games. table contents the project billionaire token brief ii. the core the deflationary mechanism the become billionaire raffle the decentralized burner iii. more decentralized games the blockchain billionaire cee-lo dice decentralized dice game. billionaire hold'em decentralized poker platform. iv. detailed issuance description key dates and information roadmap short history billionaire token vi. disclaimer the project billionaire token brief welcome the billionaire's club, reader! this non-elitist but exclusive club where you will rewarded with the thrills and chills gambling and with the safety and assurance that blockchain cryptographic technology brings the table: accountability, traceability and security. the coin, billionaire token (or xbl short) eosio token and made available over the eos main net blockchain and offers its users the opportunity enjoy themselves with variety unique games all the while encompassing deflationary algorithm that will ensure the token supply will always diminishing. this not just another one those coins that can mined forever. games and gambling billionaire tokens are needed play the billionaire token games. they are the only allowable ingame-currency. other coins tokens offer gaming and gambling and similar things, but billionaire token has gambling its blood. the very essence this token gambling. from the distribution model the deflationary algorithm, everything gamble! who knows where this fun deflationary experiment will take us? deflationary model (the constant burning coins): many coins and tokens the crypto world try attract users supplying them near infinite amount coins and thus creating inflationary economic model. mining algorithm may good the beginning coin's life, because users have incentive mine the coin and get involved the project. coins with mining algorithms incentivize community growth the beginning, but ultimately start fail the maximum supply closer and the mining rates down. inflation also makes the value each coin diluted with time unless demand continually increasing. this happens almost every time, except for few rare and valuable projects. it's very important note here that, when referring mining, are not talking about blockchains where the act mining producing absolutely necessary for securing the network and processing transactions blockchains such bitcoin, ethereum the eos main net can given examples here. are merely talking about applications that run top these blockchains, where mining isn't necessity. fact, the way see it's disadvantage. wanted something different. billionaire token breaks with the mainstream way thinking and incorporates ever-shrinking supply model, where the amount available coins always diminishing. there are rewards for people that burn their own coins that are issued the present decentralized burner smart contract. another smart contract, the become billionaire raffle will ultimately burn the tokens sent it. both these games are available right now, our website, together with custom-made graphical interface that know you will love. head over https://billionairetoken.com/raffle right now play! another great thing about the billionaire token raffle and burner that these games, unlike many other eos gambling games, are fully decentralized. not have house. not any sort seed generation host any game engine our servers like many other projects do. the games can played even our website goes off-line. they will playable even the off chance that the billionaire token team (the ones behind everything) out business. and because not host anything our servers, it's also impossible for any our games "get hacked". supply: this not coin with the number the billions, even called billionaire token. have very limited number coins. there will never more than the initial supply billionaire tokens circulation and this bound decrease more and more tokens get burned. the minimum supply allowable that hardcoded the token smart contract set xbl tokens. this the point where the deflationary mechanism will stop. however, there long way from just over coins down ii. the core the deflationary mechanism the become billionaire raffle the become billionaire decentralized raffle will initially the basis the deflationary mechanism for billionaire token. users can send many xbl they want eos smart contract address. you can think one xbl sent one ticket registered for the raffle. having more tickets means you have better chance win. your chance calculated and displayed inside the game menu. the billionaire token raffle consists two stages equal time length. the first stage the game, users can buy tickets and must submit their game password. this game password used generate hash. all these hashes are stored inside the smart contract table. the second stage the game, nobody can buy tickets anymore and everyone will have resubmit their chosen password prove that their hash was legitimate. whoever fails submit their password the second stage automatically disqualified and their registered xbl will split amongst the winners and their hash will discarded hence very important that you participate stage two you have registered tickets the first stage. stage two the raffle will end whenever the countdown timer reaches zero. least four players have revealed their passwords before the timer expired, then the rewards will calculated and sent out the top three players. first place gets the whole pot. second place gets and third place gets that's it. everyone else loses. the three lucky winners will first get back whatever they sent during that round and only after that, will the xbl that remains the raffle used calculate the rewards. there have been less than four players who revealed their passwords stage two and the countdown timer reaches zero, then all the players get refund and new raffle round will start. this "two stage" approach the only way that can have truly decentralized raffle that not reliant any central entity (i.e. not need host additional game servers that can vulnerable attacks from malicious parties) during stage one, user registers more than once, they will asked submit their password each time they register. only the last password that they submitted will valid stage two. after the winners are rewarded for their boldness, from the remaining the tokens: are burned instantly offering the market gods. the other are sent the billionaire token burner, another smart contract that works like twisted faucet rewarding people for burning their own coins. the decentralized burner another key ingredient the deflationary mechanism that embedded into billionaire token the decentralized burner smart contract. the burner receives the tokens that are sent the become billionaire raffle. only users that participated the previous raffle round are able register coins destroyed the burner. after registering, they will receive their coins back plus little bonus currently set provided that the burner has enough. users will not able burn more tokens than whatever they have previously sent the raffle. the burner will reward winners and losers alike and obvious that players will have quick they want get the burner rewards. the fastest hand wins this case. handful quick gamblers will able deplete the burner supply every round and get bonus their gambled tokens consolation for the losers and yet another prize for the winners. iii. more decentralized games the blockchain billionaire cee-lo dice originated the streets and played millions worldwide, cee-lo one the most entertaining and quickest the dice games and are bringing the blockchain. you will able play from the comfort and safety your own home. the rules the game are very simple it's player player game, played with three dice and it's winner takes all type endeavour. rolling sequence will mean instant win rolling sequence will mean instant loss trips any three kind the higher one wins points single die point the doubles not count the higher die wins all other dice combinations not matter. everything will handled smart contracts, players can fully trust the system, every cee-lo match fully auditable and billionaire tokens are the only allowable in-game currency. together with fast and easy use interface that can fired the click button believe have the perfect recipe for the most relaxing friday-night activity. billionaire hold'em what you really want from life call your opponent's bluff poker game and then all and win don't worry have your back covered. can offer you all the perks great poker experience: many tables, high and low stakes with players from all over the world that will want take their chances winning the grand tournament. and best all, it's the well-known and popular texas hold'em variant. nowadays online poker highly available worldwide, there are countless centralized platforms that invite players join the tables and test their skills. however, all these platforms lack one key aspect that high importance for both professional and casual players: trust blockchain technology based trust and will revolutionize the world poker can offer advantages far superior any centralized platform: cash deposits hence bank fees, players use billionaire tokens from their wallets/accounts anonymity and stealth bank receipts, written proof regarding the amount money played individual hands-on winning the tokens that you win are instantly withdrawn into the player's wallet matter whether one billionaire token ,,. transparency because the game built the blockchain, auditable and provably fair you will need have some coins your eos account. afterwards you can either download the billionaire token poker client, connect the website, use any the different platforms that will offer the game you. once you are connected and properly registered with the game, you must send your tokens the appropriate smart contract for the game. all this will done automatically the application, course, you don't need worry about the technicalities. once the players are gathered around the table, (this shown the game interface through their chosen names aliases and avatars) the game starts and you can play using your billionaire tokens. iv. detailed issuance description key dates and information the token, the premine and the distribution the beginning there were tokens created the ethereum network. the current circulating supply before the eos main net swap was ,,, there had been tokens already burned. out the tokens, had reserved (,. xbl) not for sale. this amount was divided two halves for different purposes: the amount went the developers, those mysterious people that work the shadows, illuminated only the glare from their screens while they bang keyboard with one hand, and eat chips with the other, they spend the nights coding and testing the billionaire token software. the other can found the bounty account address and reserved for the bounty rewards and for paying the minions that work our lair. the bounty campaign was available for limited time and ended -august-. for more information, consult the now inactive bounty thread bitcointalk.com: bounty thread: https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic= bounty account address: xeabebadfcebffddbff the eos network, the current circulating supply initially set ,,. this number represents the ethereum circulating xbl supply (,,) with extra added, plus the airgrab supply (,,), plus the exchange fund supply (,); these amounts are described further detail below. the june the swap process ended and the un-swapped xbl supply (,,.) was designated burned, forever reduced out the maximum supply. exchange fund supply xbl have been created and will used pay exchanges for listings fees and promotional fees. out these, xbl have already been given the chaince exchange, which they vouched use for trading contests and other promotional activities. airgrab supply xbl have been created for the eos airgrab with the event our eos main net migration. from the remaining ungrabbed tokens, will reserved for the "stake while you can" feature. this will allow users stake (lock) their xbl tokens order get access staking rewards. staking rewards: every day, users will able claim their share the newly staked xbl tokens. the more xbl you stake, the higher your daily rewards will be. period three days will necessary unstake the coins. the rest the will given out stake rewards https://stakemine.io next generation initial bandwidth offering (ibo) platform. roadmap whitepaper release the first part the roadmap was officially achieved with the release version the whitepaper (we are currently version token sale exchange listing the token sale sold out three days before the scheduled end and have been listed cryptopia and coinexchange since then far. after our move the eos main net were informed that cryptopia and coinexchange alike will not support our coin swap have since listed chaince and newdex. raffle and burner on-line shortly after the token sale have deployed the become billionaire decentralized raffle smart contract and the burner the ethereum network. the ethereum version the game now obsolete. the newer eosio version the billionaire token raffle and burner and running the eos main net and available play https://billionairetoken.com/raffle coin swap the eos main net the coin swap the eos main net started the january when the swap ethereum smart contract was deployed address xbffeaeeeeeeffdedd. users were able freeze their erc- xbl tokens and assign eos account name their assets with the help this smart contract. the whole process was made simple having easy-touse web interface our website, where users could easily swap their coins with the help the metamask browser extension. the billionaire token (xbl) eos currency contract was deployed the february the eos main net the account billionairet. the coin swap ended the june cee-lo dice game goes on-line upcoming game, the billionaire cee-lo dice will player player game where part the tokens will burned. billionaire hold'em alpha version another upcoming game, the billionaire texas hold'em the classic poker that you've come know and love. vi. short history billionaire token beyond ethereum: the move eos initially, like most programmers, were incredibly excited start developing applications running ethereum. shortly after deploying the raffle and burner smart contracts the ethereum main network, quickly started realize that things weren't working out expected. people were paying anywhere from ethereum fees, just register tickets. these tickets, most the time, were worth considerably less than the fees. were also disappointed find out that the ethereum network extremely limited terms how many computations one decentralized application (dapp) can make single transaction before running out gas other words, ethereum dapps are very, very slow. costly and slow not good combination when you're trying make high-performance, high-traffic, fully decentralized casino like billionaire token. investigating further appears that ethereum won't scale any time soon and that, wanted continue with our roadmap would have move another faster blockchain, preferably with fees. after careful consideration have reached the conclusion that eos has the only blockchain that will able support the needs the massive intended user-base (and traffic) the billionaire token games. eos decentralized applications can run thousands times faster than ethereum ones, and top this, there are fees. vii. disclaimer billionaire tokens are not securities and should not considered investment. billionaire tokens have rights, uses, purpose, attributes, functionalities features, express implied, including, without limitation, any uses, purpose, attributes, functionalities features outside the proprietary software "become billionaire" raffle and burner. even though billionaire tokens are intended used in-game tokens for the "become billionaire" raffle and burner, you should still aware your own countries' laws regarding futures and securities, even though clearly not intend billionaire tokens (xbl) used/sold/marketed securities futures, bonds, stocks etc., can't possibly know every countries internal regulation and such, buyers are responsible for their own countries' laws regarding futures and securities. copyright (c) billionaire token. all rights reserved