binance exchange www.binance.com whitepaper intro problems binance exchange matching engine feature rollout coins device coverage multilingual support preview revenue model binance coin (bnb) allocation ico ico schedule bnb value repurchasing plan bnb vesting plan for the team funds usage team changpeng zhao ceo roger wang cto james hofbauer chief architect paul jankunas engineering allan yan product director sunny operations director investors advisors risks security paramount market competition intro our view, there are fundamentally two different types exchanges: the ones that deal with fiat currency; and the ones that deal purely crypto. the latter one that will focus on. even though they are small now, strongly believe that pure crypto exchanges will bigger, many times bigger, than fiat based exchanges the near future. they will play ever more important role world finance and call this new paradigm binance binary finance. with your help, binance will build world-class crypto exchange, powering the future crypto finance. problems some the current crypto exchanges suffer from number problems: poor technical architecture many exchanges are "put together quickly", good tech people, but who have little experience finance operating exchange. they often choose the simplest approach get the system and running. while this may work well the beginning, traffic grows, the system will not able handle the increased load. exchange systems need engineered from the ground with security, efficiency, speed, and scalability mind. this often slows down the initial development, but critical for long-term success. our team has decades combined experience building and maintaining world class financial systems that shape the economy. understand how these systems are built from the ground up. insecure platform there are hundreds exchanges that went down due being hacked. binance built high standards, audited, and penetration tested. have experience building financial systems the highest security standards and strive ensure security first. poor market liquidity professional traders and normal users are significantly affected this. having shallow orderbook means high slippage when trading, which very expensive for traders. getting miners, institutional investors and large traders into new exchange chicken and egg problem, and requires team with deep industry resources. https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic= binance's team have been both the finance and crypto industry for many years. the team has worked and operated number exchanges, and have accumulated large network partners this space. these partners will key bootstrapping the exchange. poor customer service traders are different breed when comes users. understanding the trader mentality vital for running successful exchange. money literally on-the-line. many exchanges service traders they were running social media site. -second delay seeing your friends' status update would hardly noticed, but exchange, the same would unacceptable, resulting torrent user complaints. additional the technology stack, binance built with service mind. binance shares support responsibilities across the entire staff and company. when trader has problem, they get answer directly from someone who knows the system and not someone reading from script. poor internationalization and language support blockchains have borders. most exchanges focus only one language one country. our international multi-lingual team has extensive working experience north america, europe and asia, and are able smoothly support the global market. binance exchange matching engine our matching engine capable sustaining orders second, making binance one the fastest exchanges the market today. you can certain, our exchange, that your orders will never stuck due the matching engine being overwhelmed. feature rollout will roll out the platform roughly the following order: spot trading margin trading futures anonymous instant exchange decentralized (on-chain) exchange and more... coins binance will support trading pairs the following coins: btc eth ltc neo (ans) bnb (binance coin) more coins will added over time. generally will only add coins that have strong credibility, user base, and liquidity. you have coin that you wish listed binance later, participating our ico will help. have plans support any fiat currencies such usd, rmb, jpy, krx. device coverage will provide cross-platform trading clients for: web-based trading client android native client ios native client (pending app store review) mobile html client (including wechat client) (windows) native client rest api multilingual support will support english, chinese,japanese and korean all our user interfaces. (the very initial release will english and chinese only.) more languages will added over time. preview professional web trading interface mobile html market data ios trading page windows native client multi-interval view revenue model binance's revenue will come from the following sources: source description exchange fee binance initially will charge fixed fee per trade. other variations will subsequently introduced, including maker-taker, volumed based tiering and fee promotions. have plan charge above .%. withdrawal fee binance may charge small fee for withdrawals. listing fee binance will select innovative coins and other assets listed the exchange, there may fee associated with those listings. margin fee you trade margin, there may fee interest the borrowed amount. other fees there may other fees the platform may collect for various services such automated algorithmic order etc. binance coin (bnb) will issue our token coin, called the binance coin. strict limit bnb will created, never increased. bnb will run natively the ethereum blockchain with erc allocation amount (bnb) participant ico founding team angel investors ico the ico will done btc and eth, multiple platforms around the world. ico schedule all times below are china standard time (cst), utc+ hours. date task confirmed start the binance project initial draft white paper completed, circulated potential angel investors announce binance ico plan, and release whitepaper general public ico starts (platforms will announced soon) binance.com release live, active trading begins ico finishes, whenever the coins are sold out ico will start from july st, investors can purchase bnb tokens phases first-come, first-served basis until tokens are sold. each new phase starts, the price will increase. investors will receive bnb tokens within working days after the ico finishes. the detailed schedule below: ico phase week week week cst/gmt+ july july july july july july eth bnb bnb bnb btc based market price bnb value repurchasing plan you can use bnb pay for any fees our platform, including but not limited to: exchange fees withdraw fees listing fees any other fee when you use bnb pay for fees, you will receive significant discount: discount rate year year year year year discount repurchasing plan every quarter, will use our profits buy back bnb and destroy them, until buy all the bnb (mm) back. all buy-back transactions will announced the blockchain. eventually will destroy bnb, leaving bnb remaining. decentralized exchange the future, binance will build decentralized exchange, where bnb will used one the key base assets well gas spent. bnb vesting plan for the team initial release: (mm) after year: (mm) after year: (mm) after year: (mm) after year: (mm) funds usage the funds will used build the binance platform and perform upgrades the system, which includes team recruiting, training, and the development budget. will used for binance branding and marketing, including continuous promotion and education binance and blockchain innovations industry mediums. sufficient budget for various advertisement activities, help binance become popular among investors, and attract active users the platform. will kept reserve cope with any emergency unexpected situation that might come up. team have solid team led changpeng zhao, with both traditional wall street finance and cryptocurrency experience. have track record successful startups under our belt. changpeng zhao ceo (aka the crypto community) linkedin profile the founder and ceo bijietech, company that provides cloud-based exchange systems exchange operators. since founding sept bijietech now powers exchanges asia. the first months since founding, bijietech closed million rmb ($.mm usd) revenue, and will double that its second year. bijietech has never accepted any outside investments, being cash flow positive from day one. soon the binance ico finishes, will remain shareholder bijietech, but will relinquish all his management duties new ceo. will focus exclusively binance. this applies all bijietech members listed this whitepaper. prior bijietech, was the co-founder and cto okcoin. during his stay there, okcoin launched their international site, and their futures trading platform. co-ordinating with stefan thomas, also lead the first proof-of-reserves any china crypto exchange. most other major exchanges china followed soon after. addition managing the tech team there, also lead the international marketing team. still mentor and good friends with zane tackett. before okcoin, was the head technology and the person join the blockchain.info team. worked closely with ben reeves, roger ver, anthony antonopoulos and nicolas cary grow the blockchain.info service. before blockchain.info, co-founded fusion systems ltd company that specializes ultra-low-latency trading systems for brokers. fusion systems was started shanghai, and currently has offices tokyo, hong kong, and los angeles. among other tasks, was responsible closing and deploying trading systems credit suisse, goldman sachs, deutsche bank, and more. left fusion system work full time the blockchain industry before fusion systems, was the head development bloomberg tradebook futures for years, new york. there managed team that was responsible for the entire futures trading platform bloomberg, with annual revenues exceeding million usd. prior bloomberg, cz's college internship and first job out college was tokyo, working for tech outsource company that was involved developing trading systems for the tokyo stock exchange. this where his exchange experience began. was born china and went high school and college canada. fully bilingual english and chinese, and can speak basic japanese. roger wang cto linkedin profile roger co-founder and the cto. has been working the financial industry for years, responsible for building technical teams, designing the high level architecture the exchange and clearing systems, and running ops teams ensure the security and stability exchange systems. prior bijietech, roger worked nomura securities, the largest investment bank japan. was responsible for global credit booking, analytics, and marking system, which supported thousands global traders and analysts. has also successfully implemented smart bond matching engine, which consumes firm wide trading/order/position data, client enquiry info, party data well public bond data, discover business opportunities for the firm using sophisticated custom built algorithms. now generates over usd revenue annually for nomura. before nomura, was tech leader morgan stanley, where designed and built financial level data warehouse, which supported large number users real time data analysis and financial modeling. was also core developer for low latency algorithmic trading systems, which served the firm's largest clients like blackstone and wellington fund, that delivered significant commission income for morgan stanley. roger fully trilingual english, chinese and japanese. james hofbauer chief architect linkedin profile james co-founder and the chief architect bijietech. architects and implements the core matching engine and its middleware. also oversees client exchanges' public endpoints ensure security and high performance. before bijietech, james worked palantir, silicon valley company that focuses big data analysis. palantir's large-scale high-performance systems are used for cyber-security, anti-money laundering, fraud detection, counter-terrorism, and many other data relationship analysis purposes both private and government entities. before palantir, james worked fusion systems. notable project james worked was global investment bank's systems architecture redesign, focusing reducing the number systems, encrypting and securely handling sensitive data, and introduced new user security system which provides authentication, authorization, and action audit logging. james was raised and educated america, earning bachelor's science, cum laude computer science. bilingual, native english and fluent japanese (jlpt certified), and has lived japan for over years. james has known for years and they have worked two startups together. paul jankunas engineering linkedin profile paul the engineering bijietech, responsible for the c++ implementation the core machine engine. has over years experience developing exchange systems and financial trading applications. constantly looking for new ways improve the performance and scalability the system. prior bijietech, paul worked sbi bits, part sbi group, tokyo. sbi group listed financial services company with interests wide assortment businesses. paul was responsible for both client and server side development for trading applications. before that, paul worked fusions systems tokyo the head development raptor, market gateway with latencies under microseconds, and before that for bloomberg new york. paul has known for years and they have worked together companies. allan yan product director linkedin profile allan co-founder and the product director bijietech. allan has over years experience product design, user experience and trading. drives the innovations the exchange systems built bijietech, and pushes the product far ahead the the competition this ultra competitive space. before bijietech, allan worked orient international holding, which one the biggest import export firms shanghai. was responsible for the implementation several informationization products, including erp and e-fax. meanwhile, led variety game and vod content platforms. sunny operations director linkedin profile sunny co-founder and the operations director bijietech. has many years management and technology consulting experience, has led exchange systems projects, and provided comprehensive consulting for strategy, operations, risk control and system development. prior bijietech, sunny worked accenture the senior consultant. provided many top companies for strategic and consulting, and number iot, big data, erp information integration systems projects. investors advisors particular order. matthew roszak roger ver ron cao bloq co-founder. tally capital founding partner. angel investors many blockchain businesses. ceo bitcoin.com. sky capital institutional investor btcchina. chandler guo yang linke angel investor blockchain businesses china. cmo yixia technology. previously co-founder okcoin. co-founder btcchina. icocoin founder. zhao dong hongfei jun one the largest crypto otc brokers china. antshares founder. onchain ceo. co-founder huobi. angel investor. vincent zhou bin liu sutong founder fintech blockchain group. active angel blockchain investor. ceo andui.com, blockchain financial service company china finance channel anchor. ceo heng pool. eric zhang leah zhang wang qijun antshares core member. lead match- engine developer huobi.com cmo fpool. previously investment manager angelcrunch. co-founder andui. formerly marketing blockchain.info roy zou jackie wang ceo bitkio, secretarl ethereum classic consortium (ecc) founding team member bitbank.com and bw.com and chbtc. co-founder jiuliantech. xiaoning nan founder bitocean. jeff cui guicheng xiong founder and ceo tking.cn. tech lead morgan stanley. co-founder wireless, acquired baidu billion usd. some investors choose remain private. xin chen william liu previous product director okcoin. analyst guotai junan securities. senior partner allbright law offices, the biggest law firm shanghai. risks there are many risks involved running exchange. understand this and have the skills, experience, and leadership overcome them. security paramount many crypto exchanges have failed due poor security procedures. most security breaches could have been prevented taking simple precautions protect critical resources. our team has developed binance with security the foremost concern their minds. strive ensure that have followed all the industry best practices when comes securing infrastructure and data including iso/iec and the cryptocurrency security standard (ccss). market competition know this will ultra competitive space. there are probably hundreds, not thousands teams wanting, planning doing exchanges. competition will fierce. but this age, this common risk any decent concept/startup mature company. the question is: given our team, track record, experience, industry resources, and product, you believe stand better chance than the rest the pack? yes, then please join our ico. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/iso/iec_: https://cryptoconsortium.org/standards/ccss