summary bingo the world's first pan-entertainment platform use blockchain core technology. applies decentralization principles heavy user aggregation and gameplayer communications, creating new generation entertainment platforms. the platform supported and developed industry leaders such mob arts entertainment, collaboration with qtum, who aim build decentralized app store for global content creators and consumers. concomitant bingo foundation will established oversee the implementation wide range features for the multi-functional entertainment platform. these include: dynamic payment systems that support leading cryptocurrencies, including our own native bingo token bingo wallet for cross-platform utility tokens social networking customer management system gaming advertising and content monetization decentralized data analysis system fairness verification modules that are publicly accessible the blockchain bingo consists all-star team experts, including patrick dai co-founder qtum; dr. zhao post-doctorate from the university tsinghua, ieee member, acm member, and leader world renowned blockchain technology team beijing, china. the platform's technology consultant, mob arts entertainment, has long and accomplished history app developer and publisher, with many active users, great yearly revenue, and investment chinese technology giant tencent. most recently, tencent has been authorized publish one their flagship products, the massively successful house heroes with more than million downloads. the company now collaboration with qtum launch qtum heroes, the first cryptocurrency game with true gameplay. what will bingo do? existing, highly awarded company, mob arts committed delivering robust roadmap aimed mass adoption. this will include not only the development bingo decentralised pan entertainment platform, but the creation world-class games run top the platform, thus guaranteeing early adoption and utility. publish qtum heroes world's first blockchain game with interactive gameplay jointly published bingo, qtum, and award-winning game company mob arts, qtum heroes the world's first blockchain game with interactive gameplay including collection, simulation, multiplayer arena and player versus player, and more. limited games such cryptokitties have already become hugely popular, and qtum heroes intends build that offering rich gaming experience. qtum heroes not just about collectibles. the game focused dynamic interactions. every player has the chance choose hero and prove their value one several online arenas where, after paying entry fee, they will able fight against other heroes. the -hero melee battle, for example, will let users fight for championship trophy that will increase the value the winning hero. victors will also receive reward cryptocurrency. publish doom aliens payments world's first strategy game supporting cryptocurrency doom aliens has been researched and developed bingo's technical partner mob arts for two years. the first-of-a-kind game will natively support mainstream cryptocurrency payments in-game and provides integrated sdk gateways for developers the platform. doom aliens was featured google play march launch bingo world's first blockchain pan-entertainment game platform bingo will published multilingual game platform which smart contracts will used guarantee fairness the game. develop user registration management system, platform community, and tipping and reward system the bingo platform will strive foster communities encouraging discussions and recommendations that grow the bingo ecosystem and create word-of-mouth marketing. this will also incorporate tipping and reward system. bingo wallet the bingo wallet will launched order solve the current lack in-game spending options for holders cryptocurrencies. supporting the native bingo token addition all major mainstream cryptocurrencies, bingo will allow the vast majority crypto holders participate the platform. integrated smart contract translator protocol that enables single set code interact with different smart contract platforms. internal traffic purchase the ability crystallize purchases within the platform's internal traffic while meeting necessary requirements for both developers and publishers. launch bingo foundation and ecosystem previously, gaming platforms have solely been means social interaction. bingo plans change that taking advantage changes users' gaming habits and updated devices. essence, the bingo ecosystem will become means for players interact socially well transact assets between one another. meanwhile, the bingo foundation will launched with primary focus investing blockchain games run the bingo platform. creating richer gaming ecosystem will provide users with more high-quality content which spend their cryptocurrencies. analysis global gaming industry background the success the bingo pan entertainment platform large part predicated sustainable growth within the gaming industry. fortunately, analysis the gaming industry shows that continues expand rapid rate; increasingly meeting the needs diverse social groups, genders, and users different ages. effect, games have become irreplaceable part our lives. problems the gaming industry almost all online games contain functional gameplay modes such dice, random items, stage clear rewards, and lucky wheel. presently, there easy way for the users recognize whether the process result fair; whether exploits exist, whether too many human interventions are play the current games developing systems. with the different instances backroom deals most online games, the fairness the game cannot guaranteed. thus, impossible create game that real 'open, transparent and just'. such issues affect the users' gaming experiences and their continuing engagement. iii roadmap products and qtum heroes first blockchain game with interactive gameplay qtum heroes blockchain game designed run entirely qtum smart contracts. the game, users can purchase and collect heroes raise into their very own champions. levelling can achieved defeating other players (pk) competing the multiplayer arena. there are even free-fighting' rooms which can created among friends greatly improve the game's playability and interactivity. allowed players trade, raise, make heroes compete with each other, qtum heroes will the first blockchain game with actual interactive gameplay. key features: high value heroes can raised players via various gameplay mechanics ability complete with offline users value hero characters can directly compared and invested doom aliens integrated sdk supported for multiple cryptocurrency payments doom aliens, developed award-winning game company mob arts, will the first strategy game that natively supports cryptocurrencies in-game payment method. the game has taken more than two years research and development reach its current state, and this attention detail has allowed now provide integrated sdk for developers the platform. bingo blockchain pan-entertainment platform technical framework the decision create the bingo pan-entertainment platform the blockchain comes result deep technical analysis. the technology allows solve many the issues associated with centralized gaming platforms, such unwatching, backroom deals and unfair competitive environments, thus greatly improving the users' trust and consequently their willingness play. the bingo pan-entertainment platform comprised the following layers: network layer which defines contracts blockchain and data storage layer which controls all actions related the blockchain, such consensus and data access. smart contract layer which carries out key platform contracts and records essential platform data verifiable randomized system that creates random number calculations which are then distributed and recorded onto the blockchain via smart contracts, thus guaranteeing retrospect and fairness. event processing layer handle smart contracts and sealed sdk for upper level logic systems every platform application system provides the logical guarantees for the platform application layer. such system groups continually and repeatedly calculate and expand order meet the different needs players, game developers and publishers. functional module the pan-entertainment platform bingo blockchain pan-entertainment platform established the appeal current products and the expertise its technical partner mob arts with over seven years the game industry. the functions and services bingo's pan-entertainment system will gradually rolled out over time, beginning with the release blockchain games such qtum heroes. once sufficient number games have been introduced into the ecosystem ensure user engagement, independent advertising and monetization system will released, enabling content creators further monetize their games. blockchain technology will also used develop data analysis platform for accurate data visualization. the special demands from users and publishers can met via asynchronous fairness verifying modules. blockchain traceable game rating and reviewing system also allows parents reassured. the bingo foundation will also invest new games, forming bingo perfect pan-entertainment system and full closed-loop industry chain. diagram complete bingo ecosystem bingo collaboration with the background mob arts bingo's technical consultant and r&d partner with investors such chinese giant tencent, mobarts industry-leading online gaming company with more than seven years experience. the company develops, publishes, operates, and invests game products across multiple platforms. its most notable, house heroes, the first game published across all tencent platforms (wechat, mobile and myapp), despite being built third-party developer house heroes now one the most widely recognized and revolutionary mobile card games all time. having experienced, award-winning parent company technical advisor and development partner will key bingo's success. mobarts progress date company founded. mob arts welcomes nexon, one the world's top game publishers, collaborative partner and space tanks online published. space tanks online officially launched, becoming the top ranked game the korean app store within the first week and receiving more than five-star ratings. house heroes, mobile rpg game starts its first open beta test. house heroes becomes the first game developed third-party launched all tencent platforms china, including wechat, mobile and app. house heroes published garena, the biggest game operator singapore and malaysia. garena releases the game southeast asia, including hong kong, macao and taiwan. dragon knight released tencent platforms, earning the reputation high-quality game developer. mob arts' new strategy game wrath war featured google play and launched the apple app store. helping qtum heroes official launch the world's first blockchain game combine simulation and player versus player combat. mobarts games space tanks online multiplayer online battle arena game developed mob arts. the prospective layout and development was finished early one the most advanced the industry. space tanks online became extremely popular after its release and granted exclusive license the world's top game publisher, nexon, september the same year. was then published western countries and korea, where topped the korean app store the first week after its official launch. house heroes genre-defining rpg card game developed mob arts september the first third-party developed game launch all tencent platforms (wechat, mobile, myapp) china. quickly became the top-grossing game the app store within three days after launch. its first week had over million downloads, and created revenues over millions dollars its first month. total, house heroes gained hundreds million dollars and large amounts users. dragon knight rpg shooting game developed independently mob arts. the game consists magical flying dragon air combats fused with rpg elements. was launched tencent platforms march becoming the second mob arts game listed the chinese internet giant. wrath war july mob arts begins its globalization strategy game publishing. its first project the strategy game wrath war, developed independently the company over the course two years. struck the strategy game market high-quality, artful, and intelligent game. after launch, the public praise strategy game players fueled its download numbers and was featured google play several times. doom aliens mob arts' second strategy game launched march doom aliens the first mobile war game feature in-game purchases with major cryptocurrencies. mob arts collaboration with tencent founded november tencent holdings limited the leading provider internet services china. its instant messaging tools mobile and wechat count million and nearly billion active users, respectively. its business covers needs social networking, payment, entertainment, tools, and platforms, making powerful internet empire. tencent was listed the main board the stock exchange hong kong june (sehk:) soaring stock price. tencent reported gross revenue rmb billion usd billion; increase over the previous year. likewise, its online gaming revenue grew the tune rmb billion. november tencent's stock price increased .%, closing hkd and its market capitalization reached hkd billion usd billion. this was the first time its market cap surpassed facebook, ranking only after apple, alphabet (google), microsoft, and amazon, the world's fifth largest company this metric. mob arts was invested tencent after the successful launch its two main games, house heroes and dragon knight the giant's platforms. garena the largest consumer internet platform southeast asia, garena completed its round april usd million, led the national sovereign fund malaysia. this date, garena has raised total usd million funding. after the launch garena+ the platform holds the most active users online gaming southeast asia, including hong kong, macao, and taiwan. its exclusive releases include high quality online games such league legends and black shot, along with the integration social functions like text and voice chat allow shared experiences between players. garena advocate e-sports development, organizing regular competitions for major titles like league legends. its tournament attracts professional e-sports players. other garena partners include notable game developers such riot games, changyou inc., and red nexon nexon group was established korea december leading video game company specializing online games for and mobile. went public december (ty:) and closed stock price jpy the tokyo stock exchange february classic games like dungeon fighter online (dnf) kept drove nexon's performance throughout experimented with new titles. the game was only second league legends, bringing usd billion revenue. this reflected sharpy nexon's climbing stock price with growth dnf published tencent the chinese market since and attracts more than million simultaneous users any given time. leader the korean game market, nexon owns other classics like crazy racing kart rider, which challenged starcraft's six year dominance become the most popular client game south korean cafe houses. nexon ranked fifth fast company's world's most innovative companies list, surpassing u.s. based blizzard entertainment for the first time. aside from being the first south korean gaming company expand overseas market, nexon one the most successful companies execute globalized vision. branches include offices japan, united states, and singapore, along with worldwide partnerships with tencent, sohu inc., giant interactive, and game orange. mob arts' space tanks online the first chinese mobile game meet nexon's quality standards and licensed worldwide. the game jumped the top the korean app store shortly after launch. private placement plan summary total ,,, billion) bingo tokens will released and limited the bingo smart contract. the supply will remain unchangeable. release rules the distribution plan bingo tokens will follows: private placement: ,,, billion) bingo tokens, accounting for the total supply; bingo team: ,,, billion) tokens, accounting for the total supply; bingo foundation*: ,,, billion) bingo tokens, accounting for the total supply; bingo internal working capital turnover**: ,,, billion) bingo tokens, accounting for the total supply. *bingo foundation will invest game development, allowing bingo operate full, close-looped industry chain. **these funds will distributed revenue shares paid developers and publishers bingo platform games, and behavior reward coupons users, not limited tips and item purchases, and service charge discounts the bingo platform. distribution unlocking team tokens the corresponding bingo tokens distributed the bingo team are restricted long-term ownership timetable. the rules for the lifting bans are follows: bingo tokens (%) will lifted from the ban one year after private placement. ,,, bingo tokens (%) will lifted from the ban two years after private placement. ,,, bingo tokens (%) will lifted from the ban three years after private placement. this point all bingo tokens will lifted from the ban and will freely available the bingo team. cryptocurrency use plan cryptocurrencies acquired via private placement are used stated below: optimize current technology and cover the cost research and development. purchase public-owned cloud services and processing power provided distributed cloud order support the development the bingo pan-entertainment platform ecosystem. cover legal, security, accounting and human resources costs. maintain developer's community assisted entrepreneurs, investors, exchanges, and crowdfunders, providing legal license registration for online gaming certain regions. coverage for unforeseen and accidental expenditures. special explanations bingo tokens are used exclusively within the bingo platform and should not understood, under any circumstances, any the following: currency; demands company benefits, voting stocks, non-voting stocks, any type security; stock rights creditor's rights any form; stocks, financial derivatives, any commercial paper with intrinsic market value; any form investment contract; any merchandise asset that rightfully redeemed bought anyone; receipt for loan, bond, warrant any other certifications that are seen returns the holders terms interests, dividend that any other kind. financial circulation model rarity bingo tokens abide the limitations ethereum smart contracts, signifying that the supply will remain constant rather than increased unlimitedly. upon launch the bingo pan-entertainment platform, bingo tokens will used instances that include platform coupons, tips and rewards for game users, item purchases, discount channels for platform payments. rarity and value will accordance the limited supply bingo tokens. financial circulation the bingo platform will ensure good market circulation bingo tokens means distribution revenue shares developers and publishers. once the bingo cryptocurrency wallet released online blockchain, game developers will able publish games the bingo platform. subsequently, the value bingo tokens will increase proportion the revenues produced games published the platform. summary token appreciation the total supply bingo tokens will remain constant user demand grows, thus increasing the token's value. the total supply bingo tokens will remain constant game revenue shares grown, thus increasing the token's value. the frequent market circulation bingo tokens will create market need, thus increasing the token's value. uses universal bingo platform in-game purchase coupon; revenue share paid developers and publishers bingo platform games; platform coupons; tips and rewards for game users; item purchases; discount channels for platform payments; coupon channel for events functional discounts; means for deducting service fees. bingo team matt lee ceo matt started his career game developer leading mobile game company comus after subsequent roles huawei and nvidia, founded mob arts christmas lead his own team game developers. during his years ceo, matt has grown mob arts from three-employee hundred-employee firm, and has built one the top ranking game companies china. now his eyes are set the potential blockchain-based games. graduate from harbin institute technology, holds emba ckgsb china, and attended universite pierre marie curie paris. peter pan cto expert server-side development, peter has held the role cto mob arts since was charge development for the phenomenal house heroes the first third-party mobile game published all tencent social platforms, raking millions dollars profits, million downloads and more than million daily active users. also responsible for the development space tanks online --which published worldwide nexon-- and key developer for two slg games featured google play. peter graduate from hebei finance university with major computer science and technology. sunny lee cmo from sunny took office top game companies gameloft, glu, and elex. she then lead overseas game publishing the chinese social network giant renren, inc. and worked operation director for the overseas department gamewave group, taking charge game publishing latin america. from sunny started stark interactive, where she took responsibility for worldwide publishing before joining mob arts for her roles game operations and marketing. she graduated from biochemistry engineering college beijing union university with major marketing tech team mob arts comprehensive online game operator with almost decade the industry and recent investments giants such tencent. mob arts endeavors develop, publish, operate, and invest game products for multiple platforms. advisors patrick dai qtum co-founder and part the under list forbes china. zhao devoted researcher for blockchain, network security, and digital rights management. dr. now leads blockchain technology team beijing, after presiding over twelve research projects. his research also extends mainstream blockchain platforms including bitcoin, ethereum, and hyperledger and has guided the deployment several blockchain platforms and applications holds post-doctorate degree tsinghua university and ieee and acm member. partner beechat blockchain-based instant messaging service and cryptocurrency community. it's built using proprietary technology with servers around the world. beechat offers fast and reliable communication ever-changing cryptocurrency landscape. part the cryptocurrency community, beechat also invites key opinion leaders, coin issuers, and startup teams administer their own groups and chats and interact with their subcommunities. viii disclaimer and risk statements disclaimer further statements guarantees must made the bingo platform regards bingo bingo tokens other than the ones already stated this white paper, especially their marketability and specific functions. the understanding bingo, tokens and the information this white paper are the behavioral principles anyone who participates the private placement and purchase bingo tokens. the condition the universality the contents stated above, all the participants must accept tale quale bingo tokens after the launch the bingo project, despite their technical specifications, parameters, performance, functions. bingo platform hereby states that will not admit nor take upon the following responsibilities: anyone violates the state law anti-money laundering, counter-terrorist financing, any other supervision requirements when purchasing bingo tokens; anyone violates any statements, promises, duties, commitments, other requests stated this white paper when purchasing bingo tokens, causing failure pay withdraw bingo tokens; the abandonment the private placement project bingo for any reason; the failure delay bingo token delivery due the failling, postponing, extending bingo development; the breakdown the platform caused technical issues such but not limited bugs raw data, errors, flaws, crashes, rollbacks, hardforks ethereum, qtum related blockchains; the usage collected cryptocurrency from private placement; any participant who leaks, loses, destroys the private keys cryptocurrency wallet; any violation contract rules, infringement, crash, paralysis, service shutdown, pause, fraud, misoperation, misconduct, fault, negligence, bankruptcy, liquidation, dissolution, shutdown partner platforms who participate bingo token private placement; trades speculative actions anyone bingo tokens; the listed transactions bingo any exchange; the categorization bingo tokens kind currency, bond, commercial paper, negotiable bill, investment good other things any government, authorities, public organizations, whether banned, supervised, restricted law; any risk elements stated this white paper and any other risk-related elements which should cause accompany any damages, losses, claims, responsibilities, punishments, costs other negative effects. risk statements the bingo team believes that the process development, maintenance, and operation always accompanied uncountable rists, many which are beyond the control the team. apart from the contents stated the white paper, every bingo token buyer should study, comprehend, and carefully look over the accompanying risks before deciding whether not participate this private placement project. every bingo token buyer should aware the fact that bingo and bingo token distributions not exist any physical form but rather fictitious cyberspace, therefore they not belong relate any specific country. participating this private placement project should deliberate decision. thus, such action then seen the buyer being fully aware and accepting the following risks: private placement plan abortion bingo token private placement might through early termination. due the fluctuation bitcoin and ethereum, and expenditures bingo development and operations teams, the buyers might only returned part their payments. insufficient information offering this white paper's date issue, bingo still development phase. this means its philosophy, consensus systems, calculation methods, code, and other technical details and parameters might through frequent updates and changes. the latest bingo information contained this white paper yet fully completed, and will adjusted and updated the bingo team. the team does not have always inform participants every detail the development process, including the schedules and predicted milestones, postponed not. incomplete information disclosure inevitable and should understandable. supervision measures cryptocurrencies are being might supervised different state authorities. from time time, the bingo team might receive inquiries, notices, warnings, instructions adjudications from one several authorities. actions related the private placement, bingo bingo tokens might ordered pause abort, thus greater influences, obstacles, terminations might occur the phases development, marketing, advertising, other aspects bingo. due the fact that supervision policies might change any moment, any allowance tolerance from any countries bingo the private placement plan might temporary. different countries may define bingo tokens virtual product, digital asset, stocks, currency any time. result, according local supervision requirements certain countries, bingo tokens might forbidden trade hold. cryptography cryptography evolving technology, therefore its safety isn't always guaranteed. dangers might brought cryptography-based systems, including bingo, the progress cryptography other technologies, which might cause thievery, losing, disappearance, destruction devaluation any owned bingo tokens. the bingo team must self prepared for precautions amendments within reasonable ranges, such upgrading the bingo bottom framework order meet any progress cryptography, and taking new and reasonable security measures under suitable circumstances. although the security innovation cryptography unpredictable, the bingo team will everything the best their ability deal with the challenges changes cryptography and security fields. developmental failure abandoment bingo still its developmental phase, therefore not ready use. due the technical complexity the bingo system, the bingo team might face unpredictable unsolvable difficulties from time time. therefore, the development bingo might fail abandoned any reason any time. this could result buyers not receiving any bingo tokens. theft cryptocurrency people might attempt steal cryptocurrencies gained the bingo platform through private placement. such thievery attempts might influence the ability the bingo team provide financial supports the development bingo. despite the fact that the team will use the most cutting-edge technologies protect the safety cryptocurrency gained for the platform, certain cyber-thefts could hard prevent. flaws raw code perfection the raw code bingo cannot guaranteed. the flaws, errors, defects, and bugs the code might cause users unable use certain functions, exposing the users' information and causing other problems. such flaws exist, they will damage the usability, stability, and security bingo, thus having negative influence the value bingo tokens. security issues the bingo blockchain oss based distributed ledger without access allowance. though the bingo team endeavors keep the bingo system safe, people might deliberately accidentally bring issues defect into the core infrastructural elements bingo. the team will not able take security measures prevent fix the weaknesses defects, which might eventually cause losses participants' bingo tokens other cryptocurrency. distributed denial-of-service attacks ethereum designed public ledger without access allowance. therefore, ethereum might affected distributed denial service attacks from time time. such attacks will cause the bingo system suffer from negative influences, stagnation, paralysis. this can, turn, cause the trades that the system based delayed. insufficient processing ability the rapid development bingo accompanied with sudden trading spurts and demands processing power. the demands processing power exceed the load provided the present nodes the ethereum blockchain, the bingo system might paralyzed stagnate, which might also cause fraud errors trade such "double spending". worst, people might lose the bingo tokens they hold, the ethereum blockchain might rolled back and hard fork might triggered. the aftermath these events could damage the usability, stability, and security bingo and the value bingo tokens. claim for sale without authorization any person who obtains access buyer's registration email account via decrypting cracking can obtain the bingo tokens purchased sale. accordingly, the bingo tokens purchased sale the buyer might mistakenly, irrevocably, and irreversibly sent anyone who claims bingo tokens via the buyers' registration email account. each bingo token buyer should take the following precautions order ensure the safety their registration email and accounts: (i) use high-level safety password; (ii) not open reply any fraudulent emails; (iii) not reveal classified personal information. private key bingo wallet the loss destruction the private key, which necessary obtain bingo tokens, irreversible. bingo tokens can only operated the match unique open public key with corresponding private key stored local online bingo wallets. all buyers should protect and safely keep the private key their bingo token wallet. tokens cannot obtained regained the bingo team any other individuals case the private key lost, exposed, destroyed, damaged, stolen. popularity the value bingo tokens depends the popularity the bingo platform. bingo not expecting welcomed, popular, widely used right after being released. worst, bingo might marginalized for certain amount time, attracting only small amount users. comparison, most the demand bingo tokens might speculative. the market price fluctuation bingo tokens might increase due the lack users, which might influence the bingo's long-term development. when such fluctuations occur, the bingo team will not, and not obliged to, stale influence the market price bingo tokens. price fluctuation when traded open markets, the prices cryptocurrencies usually fluctuate and price shocks happen relatively often short periods time. such prices might also valuated bitcoin, ethereum, usd other currencies. these fluctuations might caused market forces including trade speculations, changes supervision policies, technological innovations, availability exchanges, and other factors. they also reflect the changes balance between supply and demand. regardless the existence secondary market for bingo token trading, the bingo team takes responsibilities for it. therefore, the bingo team not obliged stabilize the price fluctuation bingo tokens. token traders themselves must assume the risks related trading prices.