biocoin international blockchain-based loyalty platform and token (bio) biocoin supports and develops local communities, farmers, producers and distributors pure natural products through international loyalty system from creators the farm cooperative lavkalavka biocoin.bio info@biocoin.bio https://t.me/biocoin https://biocoin.bio e-mail: info@biocoin.bio abstract biocoin, international blockchain platform and bio token, system mutual settlements, which allows accelerate the pace development and increase the turnover all businesses that have joined the platform. bio the first crypto currency integrate into the real economy, into the everyday life people. the basis for the distribution biocoin the domain real economic activity the system loyalty. this the most important and central tool biocoin. the main objective the platform unite socially responsible businesses that support organic agriculture, local farms, responsible attitude the environment, contribute the sustainable development the planet accordance with the principles green economy. biocoin supports and develops local communities, farmers, producers and sellers pure natural products through international loyalty system. biocoin living ecosystem. about million biocoins are already daily turnover. how does biocoin work? within the loyalty system, biocoins are accepted for payment all participants the platform. customers receive biocoins reward for the purchase goods and services. with these biocoins, customers and businesses can settle with each other pay for new goods and services. addition, biocoins are already accepted for payment number businesses without the entry business itself into the loyalty network. and one more innovative component biocoin the opportunity pay with them general anywhere with the help crypto-technological solution that connects your wallet and mastercard. the most important feature biocoin the logic its spread and the growth liquidity the market. addition acquiring biocoins during the ico subsequent purchase exchanges, you can get bio either payment for goods and services, or, more importantly, reward for the purchase goods and services. such "consumer mining" will promote sales growth among business participants the platform, because this opportunity get biokoins for free. turn, this leads the joining new businesses the platform and causes increase the turnover biocoins, that the demand for biocoins exchanges growing, and the price biocoin rising. and the higher the price, the higher the motivation buyers the "consumer mining" and spend their money. thus, there constant increase the cost biocoin, the growth businesses and customers who use it. (c) lavkalavla ltd., biocoin (bio) copying any information without reference the source https://biocoin.bio prohibited. https://biocoin.bio e-mail: info@biocoin.bio that leads acceleration the pace business development, whose activities are aimed developing responsible attitude the environment and green economy. addition, our technological solution includes the possibility creating mutual assistance banks and microcredit. interconnected users biocoin (friends, neighbors, colleagues, partners, etc.) will able create small funds for lending each other. this will another incentive for using biocoins and for accelerating business processes within all organizations and communities using biocoin. the international blockchain platform biocoin and the bio token system mutual settlements that integrates into the daily life people. and makes the world better every day. (c) lavkalavla ltd., biocoin (bio) copying any information without reference the source https://biocoin.bio prohibited. https://biocoin.bio e-mail: info@biocoin.bio contents: abstract contents introduction business model how works building the success lavkalavka why beneficial entrepreneurs why beneficial farmers and consumers ico token specifications crowdsale team roadmap mass media about contacts (c) lavkalavla ltd., biocoin (bio) copying any information without reference the source https://biocoin.bio prohibited. https://biocoin.bio e-mail: info@biocoin.bio introduction biocoin international blockchain-based loyalty platform and eco-token (bio). aims create network socially responsible companies all over the world, which, through their activities, support organic farming, local family farms and responsible attitudes towards the environment, and also contribute the planet's sustainable development according the principles green economy. biocoin was created the lavkalavka farmer cooperative founded lavkalavka and our partners from different countries (uaz, zhitz distillery, brotech fermentation technology, good faith restaurant group, living craftworks and others) have fully become the participants biocoin from the very beginning the blockchain-based loyalty platform and the eco-token launch. important that the biocoin ecosystem already operational test mode. the run-up the ico, million biocoins were launched into the business lavkalavka and its partners that joined the platform. considered important allocate strictly limited budget (no more than million biocoins) for the system testing. and now biocoin already works. farmers receive biocoins for their produce and use them pay for the machinery and equipment they need (since the machinery manufacturers have already joined the platform); they buy feed, fertilizers and plant protection products. customers already use biocoins pay shops, farmer's markets and cafes. they buy goods such food, furniture and clothes. transactions biocoins occur daily and, what should underlined, not merely the result purely financial transactions detached from the real economy. biocoin already part the real sector today, part the real economic activity people. activity aimed the sustainable development local communities, farmers and enterprises that support environmental and green technologies. basic principles biocoin: all clients the stores, restaurants and other business projects that have joined the biocoin blockchain-based loyalty programme will receive rewards credited bio token their personal cryptowallet for every purchase made these establishments. the remuneration the purchase amount the national currency the average number. each business has the right set the amount remuneration). the amount bio credited calculated based the token exchange rate the time the purchase. rewards are credited all clients without any exception. does not depend the actions the client themselves since their the loyalty system connected their cryptowallet through the blockchain-module and the transaction occurs automatically. (c) lavkalavla ltd., biocoin (bio) copying any information without reference the source https://biocoin.bio prohibited. https://biocoin.bio e-mail: info@biocoin.bio case the client wants pay with the accumulated points turned into token, they can with their the loyalty system, direct transfer biocoins from their own wallet the seller's. businesses that have joined the biocoin blockchain-based loyalty programme can accept not only national currency but also cryptocurrencies, e.g. bitcoins others (lavkalavka already doing that). upon payment token, clients also receive reward bio equal the amount spent credited their cryptowallets. the technological solution that enables the acceptance payments cryptocurrencies efficiently and legally part the biocoin blockchain-based loyalty programme. biocoins are accepted without restrictions payment businesses that joined the biocoin blockchain-based loyalty programme, along with the national currency and other cryptocurrencies. after the ico, the biocoin token will listed token exchanges. all biocoins credited clients rewards shall purchased token exchanges businesses that joined the blockchain-based loyalty programme. the amount biocoins purchased will depend the turnover growth each business. creators the biocoin blockchain-based loyalty programme provide free access all businesses that share the ethical principles the platform. our goal reach the maximum number clients using the platform and increase circulation the biocoin token. total billion biocoins was released during the emission. further biocoins will issued. the biocoin market value will increase naturally the number currency users grows, the currency circulation within the platform increases, and the need purchase from businesses-participants the platform token exchanges grows. the exchange rate bio within the blockchain-based loyalty programme will increase accordance with the currency exchange rate. each business project that joined the platform will have the right independently set the internal biocoin exchange rate, being guided the current daily exchange rates. business model biocoin's key success biocoin beneficial instrument for investors who buy biocoin during ico, for business-participants the blockchain-based loyalty programme, for customers who buy farmers' organic produce, and, course, for farmers themselves and ecoproducers. (c) lavkalavla ltd., biocoin (bio) copying any information without reference the source https://biocoin.bio prohibited. https://biocoin.bio e-mail: info@biocoin.bio the platform allows businesses acquire new customers while avoiding discountbased losses, since all biocoins awarded customers return businesses and can further used their discretion. customers get interesting financial tool, making purchases cheaper and allowing them earn the difference the bio token exchange rate. thanks biocoin, farmers and small eco-friendly producers acquire growing customer base from all around the world. further details: create replicable system exchanging fiat money for biocoins, which conversion happens automatically every purchase. conversion embedded into the logic the blockchain-based platform: during each purchase there automatic transfer information about the transaction with the help each cutomer's personal the biocoin blockchain-module, after which biocoins are transferred the customer's cryptowallet reward for the purchase. every business that joins the biocoin loyalty platform has its wallet, which initially buys bio and, instead virtual points and bonuses, uses them transfer customers for concluded purchases. receives biocoins back from the customers, when they use them pay into the business, and the coins the same wallet. equip the platform for the opportunity make payments not only with real money, but also with cryptocurrencies. this could bitcoins other cryptocurrencies are constantly working adding many types cryptocurrencies possible. thus, expand our customer base holders other cryptocurrencies, who then receive biocoins. this platform functions various countries. the very outset will available russia, the usa, italy, germany, and japan. our loyalty system and biocoins are beneficial for businesses from all over the world. after all, offer access biocoin blockchain-based loyalty programme free charge. businesses receive working marketing mechanism for communicating with clients. and thanks the algorithm redemption and allocation biocoins, businesses not incur discount-based losses. customers will return all allocated biocoins back the business purchasing goods. necessary, businesses can sell biocoins the exchange put them into circulation. let give example. business bought biocoins for dollar the exchange order credit its customer and then did so. later on, the customer returned the same biocoins the business. after some time, the price for those biocoins amounted dollars. and like that, the business returned and multiplied its costs related the first "discount" for the customer. the "discount" became separate financial tool bringing profit the expense the biocoin platform. more information here. (c) lavkalavla ltd., biocoin (bio) copying any information without reference the source https://biocoin.bio prohibited. https://biocoin.bio e-mail: info@biocoin.bio businesses from different countries that share common values get free access each other's audiences. this leads marketing synergies. the future, once the platform becomes more developed and the number participants increases, there will opportunity make international payments biocoins between farmers' cooperatives and all platform users. call cumulative financial effect. every client who receives biocoins reward points able to: use the bio token means payment the network biocoin platform participants; use bio asset whose price growing. the stock exchange value bio will increase the partner network the biocoin platform expands, which the main goal the project team. the only way restock biocoins for the ever-growing number customers buy them the exchange. biocoin more than just business. more than just investment. invaluable aid local farmers and producers, which they are deprived because the complexities the financial and credit systems states. this support the development organic agriculture around the world and the promotion sustainable and stable development the planet and global society. how works issue biocoin (bio) token based the peercoin fork derived from bitcoin. total billion tokens. during the ico, million biocoins will sold price for bio discount programme during presale and the first week ico also provided). million bio will remain the project team. million bio have already been put into circulation for testing the biocoin ecosystem. very important note that farmers are already using biocoins, which they received for supplying their own products lavkalavka, well some customers and businesses that have already joined the platform. biocoins are already the reality our days. million bio allocated for marketing and promotion the biocoin platform. million bio for the bounty campaign. this will the only emission. biocoins will purchased the exchange the current market price. the biocoin exchange rate will determine the daily rate within the platform used for customer transactions. (c) lavkalavla ltd., biocoin (bio) copying any information without reference the source https://biocoin.bio prohibited. https://biocoin.bio e-mail: info@biocoin.bio the higher the circulation biocoins within the platform the higher the demand for them will be. every month, demand for biocoins will grow due the introduction new loyalty platform participants and the expansion the client base existing partners. whenever necessary, businesses that are part the biocoin loyalty platform will place bids the exchange for purchasing the necessary amount biocoins order transfer them subsequently the wallets customers buying farm products within the platform. new biocoins within the loyalty programme business will appear only one way buying biocoins the exchange from their holders (investors). for customers, this will regular purchase, the result which biocoins credited their electronic wallets reward points. customers can use them pay for purchases stores, markets, cafes, restaurants and other businesses participants the blockchain-based platform. the more new participants from around the world join the platform, the faster biocoins will purchased from holders, and bigger volumes. projected increase the circulation biocoins among platform participants around the world from until million bio million bio million bio million bio the forecast the circulation the token based the analysis the turnover the whole lavkalavka cooperative and the business partners the platform and the declared figures, according which the biocoins will credited the clients these business projects part the loyalty programme. result, get self-developing system that allows investors initiate new growth mechanisms for all businesses participants the biocoin platform well for biocoin liquidity. (c) lavkalavla ltd., biocoin (bio) copying any information without reference the source https://biocoin.bio prohibited. https://biocoin.bio e-mail: info@biocoin.bio this growth strategy for businesses, aimed creating economic alternative corporate capital and shifting towards sustainable development and green economy. what the main difference between the biocoin and many other previously known cryptocurrencies? biocoin already backed real farm and other natural and pure products the moment issuance. can immediately used method payment and exchanged for farm products food restaurants many locations around the world. instrument for investing the real economy, namely small family farms. has embedded mechanism natural currency user growth. itself profit-making business tool, the token nature implies that constantly purchased from investors. the end biocoin will enter token exchanges. accepted payment all lavkalavka stores, cafes and restaurants, well stores, cafes, restaurants and farmer cooperatives from other countries that have joined the biocoin platform. integrating into the blockchain-platform, becomes possible accept other cryptocurrencies means payment. biocoins are awarded those who can called "advanced cryptousers". biocoin also social tool. biocoins contribute the development small family farms, reviving remote villages that have been slowly dying over the past decades. biocoin instrument sustainable development territories and organic agriculture. building the success lavkalavka the farmer cooperative lavkalavka was established now unites over small family farms located russia, armenia, greece and italy. the lavkalavka brand represents healthy products grown without pesticides chemical fertilizers farmers who care about the environment and revive forgotten varieties fruits and vegetables, local breeds animals, traditional crafts and rural life. all products are produced small amounts with enthusiasm and genuine love for the work being done. (c) lavkalavla ltd., biocoin (bio) copying any information without reference the source https://biocoin.bio prohibited. https://biocoin.bio e-mail: info@biocoin.bio lavkalavka today: online shop lavkalavka.com, stores, cafes, restaurants, workshop and farmers market moscow, farm hub with procurement shops and market the tula region, production cluster for processing bioresources the murmansk region the coast the barents sea the famous village teriberka. the cooperative going open more cafe-shops few months. key facts you should know about us. when started working farmers-enthusiasts, our annual turnover amounted approximately million rubles. had annual turnover around million rubles. this means that over these years have grown factor google featured its advertising campaign. our activities are regulated our internal standard, which based global organic certification practices and the same time much broader and more socially-oriented document. only work with small family farms. not work with large commercial farms and corporations. our expertise service carries out over inspections annually. support local farmers and believe that the less our food being transported, the better for us! follow the principles fair trade, sustainable development and responsible consumption. believe that food not just nutrition the most powerful tool make impact the environment. all our activities are aimed supporting small, local, family-run farms that respect the environment and interests local communities. (c) lavkalavla ltd., biocoin (bio) copying any information without reference the source https://biocoin.bio prohibited. https://biocoin.bio e-mail: info@biocoin.bio lavkalavka active member the slow food international movement that supports the preservation agricultural traditions and protects the interests local communities. addition, are official member ifoam organics international, public organization uniting all major players the organic market. the founder lavkalavka, boris akimov, was invited speak the un, where gave presentation the farmer cooperative. the food and agriculture organization (fao) has twice showcased lavkalavka's experience example successful cooperation and development small family organic farming, which should scaled across the entire planet. our work, devote great attention social aspects. one example our project teriberka village the coast the arctic ocean. teriberka small village the arctic that had been slowly fading away and was soon disappear. result our work, the village has changed dramatically. fao representatives visited our festival territory development teriberka and branded our project "an example for the whole world". lavkalavka will soon add northern berries and sea salt from the region its product offering. all these products will produced the people the russian arctic new enterprises that are built there our cooperative. lavkalavka, believe that business can and must socially oriented and aimed not only earning income but also changing the world for the better! support local farmers! lavkalavka already accepts cryptocurrencies the summer the lavkalavka cooperative started accepting cryptocurrencies payment all its shops, cafes and markets. started with bitcoins, and then continued with eth, sib, waves, etc. most importantly, managed solve all technological and legal problems related token payments. made sure that anyone can visit our website, shop cafe and quickly pay for products dishes with bitcoins and other cryptocurrencies. need wait: the purchase made immediately. everything absolutely safe from legal standpoint and follows applicable laws, since after the payment made with bitcoins according the national currency exchange rate, print check and pay all taxes for that purchase. this technological solution ensuring the speed and legality payments token that will incorporated into the biocoin blockchain platform and made available for participants around the world. representatives lavkalavka were summoned the office public prosecutor soon after they started accepting cryptocurrencies. the result the inspection was that violations were found and the cooperative continued accepting cryptocurrencies. (c) lavkalavla ltd., biocoin (bio) copying any information without reference the source https://biocoin.bio prohibited. https://biocoin.bio e-mail: info@biocoin.bio why beneficial entrepreneurs with the growth the biocoin exchange rate, the client will able receive more and more products this the best motivation for the customer return the store cafe after all, the customer receives money free charge for purchases farm food, other goods and services. the platform allows businesses acquire new customers while avoiding discount-based losses, since all biocoins awarded customers return businesses and can further used their discretion. the same time, the exchange rate increases, then business not only doesn't lose, but also has additional earnings the growing biocoin. addition, provide free charge access the biocoin blockchain-based loyalty programme all businesses that share the ethical principles the platform. accordingly, businesses have free marketing tool attract new customers who learn about from the biocoin partner network. you can see more about how's beneficial for business here. have already started integrating projects from other countries that share our values into our biocoin platform. those include restaurants with organic food the usa, farmer cooperatives italy and germany. shops and restaurants russia, europe and asia. talks are also underway with slow food and ifoam regarding the possibility joining the biocoin platform with participants these global movements and organizations using biocoins. these businesses are already accepting biocoins for payment: lavkalavka, farm cooperative that unites more than small family farms and manufacturers environmentally friendly products. uaz, russian manufacturer off-road vehicles. fusion group ltd., shanghai, china. company importing food china. living craftworks, australia. food company. mikhail shlyapnikov, the founder the "kolionovo" farm and the practice introducing new models the local economy the rural way life. farm shop "obed bez zabot" the store alexander pocheptsov, farmer and pork, sturgeon, cottage cheese, vegetables and butter supplier. maksim kurbatov, supplier wild russian fish and caviar. vtulov's private cheese factory, the producer natural cheese, consisting only natural ingredients. knyazhevo, manufacturer garlic and jamon. (c) lavkalavla ltd., biocoin (bio) copying any information without reference the source https://biocoin.bio prohibited. https://biocoin.bio e-mail: info@biocoin.bio "mark and lev", the farmer cooperative "mark and lev", which unites small and medium-sized farms the tula region. zhitz distillery, beverage company tbilisi, georgia. brotech fermentation technology, manufacturers mini-breweries, cheese makers and kvass mini-plants. premium bonus, developers modern it-solutions the field client-flow management and loyalty programmes. forest hotel "golubino". marvel organics, fertilizer manufacturer for maintaining organic agriculture. icecake moscow, producer eco-ice cream. and many others. and this just the beginning. why beneficial farmers and consumers biocoins are based the real economy and contribute its development. biocoins are development instrument farmers' ecosystem. they help address the issue attracting financial resources farming and organic agriculture, and gain momentum for further development. biocoins received farmers today will increase value tomorrow and help farmers grow much more rapidly. consumers farm products receive real token bonus and when its value goes up, products for them automatically become cheaper. biocoins credited you reward points when their exchange rate dollars may increase value dollars over time. forecast bio users the world: customers cooperative lavkalavka and partner clients all over the world (c) lavkalavla ltd., biocoin (bio) copying any information without reference the source https://biocoin.bio prohibited. https://biocoin.bio e-mail: info@biocoin.bio about half the biocoin users should made customers lavkalavka stores and markets and guests lavkalavka restaurants and cafes. the second half customers and clients businesses that will join the platform before the end even now, during the preparation for the ico, several new businesses join the platform every day. you can see the offer for partners here. ico the development the platform and the biocoin currency provides new opportunities and helps increase sales for farmers who struggle grow their business within the current framework "big corporate economy" controlled large retail chains and agro-holdings. are attracting funds create financial blockchain-based platform that would unite not only farmers, producers, stores and restaurants, but over time the platform will able bring together all people who share our vision with regard supporting organic agriculture, sustainable development, responsible consumption and respect for the environment. biocoin growth will driven the development the blockchain-based loyalty platform and introduction new stores, cafes, markets, restaurants, factories, farm hubs and other businesses that provide opportunities for clean products from honest farmers reach the tables big city dwellers. addition that, the growth the platform already comes the expense those businesses that share ethical principles the platform, but not directly engage food hotels, innovative car companies, equipment manufacturers, and clothing sellers are already joining us. token specifications biocoin open source project based the peercoin fork derived from bitcoin provide long-term scrypt-based token which turn based energy-efficient cryptographic data. biocoin real eco crypto. it's based peercoin. peercoin's proof-of-stake system was developed address the high energy consumption bitcoin. for example, april the generation bitcoins was using approximately usd per day power consumption costs. the proof-of-stake method generating coins requires very minimal energy consumption; only requires the energy run the client software computer, opposed running resource-intensive cryptographic hashing functions (c) lavkalavla ltd., biocoin (bio) copying any information without reference the source https://biocoin.bio prohibited. https://biocoin.bio e-mail: info@biocoin.bio crowdsale ico starting october. during the ico bio will cost usd, but there also discount programme place: test sale (do ..), bio usd pre sale (.. ..), bio usd; pre sale (.. ..), bio usd; sale (.. ..), bio usd; sale (.. ..), bio usd; sale (.. -..), bio usd; sale (.. -..), bio usd; the goal the ico raise million dollars. all funds collected the ico will used for implementing, launching, maintaining and promoting the biocoin blockchain platform: the technological development the platform, expanding its client base, marketing, acquiring new partners, opening new outlets, etc. addition the costs creating blockchain-module that will work with all the diversity loyalty systems the world and convert points and bonuses into biocoins, the main costs will come from increasing the number users the bio token. the involvement new businesses the platform and development the most cooperative international network lavkalavka farmers should create critical share users and business projects involved the use biocoin. and, thereby, increase the liquidity biocoin make interesting financial instrument, growing price. the sale million biocoins will enable connect more than million users with the platform (c) lavkalavla ltd., biocoin (bio) copying any information without reference the source https://biocoin.bio prohibited. https://biocoin.bio e-mail: info@biocoin.bio team boris akimov "the leader new farming russia", according the new york times. one the founders the lavkalavka cooperative. farmer, entrepreneur, philosopher. author series lectures and articles organic agriculture, responsible consumption and sustainable development. phd philosophy. winner the ernst young "entrepreneur the year" award. alexander mikhailov chairman the lavkalavka farmer cooperative mathematician (graduate the lomonosov moscow state university), evangelist the international cooperatives movement, expert payment systems and for finance. oleg pokrovsky farmer. the same time, blockchain technology expert. has been working with bitcoins and cryptocurrencies since the founder the "robocassa" service and many other projects related the development crypto eco-systems. vasily palshin head business development lavkalavka crowd-investing specialist. successfully launched several startups with funds raised through crowd investing. artem kalinin director lavkalavka. technical director the biocoin platform. expert the field cryptocurrencies and blockchain technologies. steven lichtenberg leading digital-marketing specialist lavkalavka, ico expert. david yavruyan phd biology. creator lavkalavka's internal standards. international specialist organic agriculture. alexander goncharov advocate, consultant corporate finance and investment. the founder the farm cooperative mark and lev, restaurants mark and lev, country hotel bolotov dacha (the tula region) (c) lavkalavla ltd., biocoin (bio) copying any information without reference the source https://biocoin.bio prohibited. https://biocoin.bio e-mail: info@biocoin.bio arthur ivanov cfo lavkalavka. financial planning expert. consultants and partners: evgeniy gordeev managing partner russian ventures, the creator the main russian-language telegram channel about cryptology and decentralization decenter. one the main propagandists crypto-reality russia. the internet since many years experience internet projects, including one the first internet agencies russia. the author letter president putin with proposal for immediate legalization the cryptocurrencies. anne-elisabeth ropion journalist, digital-strategist, marketer and ceo scribecom, agency she created twenty years ago france. anne was born paris. she has global understanding how connect people who share the ethical principles biocoin around the world. she also created the project orgaiam (orgaiam.com) map organic restaurants around the world, including farms and shops. she joined the biocoin project because she convinced the "brilliant combination" the need for sustainable growth the ecological product industry and the development blockchain technologies. anne-elisabeth promotes biocoin europe helena drewes bollesen specialist organic agriculture. the author book "to not be. the danish experience organic agriculture". helena expert the field producing food with the help environmentally friendly technologies. olga maiboroda marketing director premium bonus company. has more than years marketing experience. she has worked leading positions large federal russian companies and has been dealing with traffic management and customer loyalty for over years. olga advises and develops effective loyalty programmes based the premium bonus platform. together with the premium bonus team, she has implemented more than successful marketing projects the markets fmcg, horeca and others. (c) lavkalavla ltd., biocoin (bio) copying any information without reference the source https://biocoin.bio prohibited. https://biocoin.bio e-mail: info@biocoin.bio mikhail shlyapnikov the founder the "kolionovo" farm the moscow region and the practice introducing new models the local economy the rural way life. integrated blockchain into the activities the economy. held successful ico, releasing the token "coliony" and collected more than million dollars. partner lavkalavka innovative programmes roadmap implementation stages the business project that underpins the ico the lavkalavka cooperative well dozens other companies have already developed primary technological solution and announced that can now accept its own bio token, bitcoins and many other cryptocurrencies its stores, cafes and its online store. biocoins have already been issued and will sold the ico october starting from november the first version biocoin blockchain-based platform will launched and our global partners will start joining it. the first outlets the usa, europe and asia will start accepting biocoins. the currency will traded all leading token exchanges. the end december absolutely all customers our lavkalavka cooperative and our global partners will join the biocoin blockchain-platform and will start using bio token method payment. meanwhile, investors will able start selling biocoins. the stages launching the token and biocoin blockchain-platform: (c) lavkalavla ltd., biocoin (bio) copying any information without reference the source https://biocoin.bio prohibited. https://biocoin.bio e-mail: info@biocoin.bio long-term prospects once the stage described above has been implemented, would like take the next step. can use the blockchain bring together farmer cooperatives from around the world that share our principles. will able certify each farmer and use blockchain track the movement all their products. this will verification system for any product created farmers. mass media about international media biocoin and lavkalavka accepting bitcoins bitcoinist coinidol btcsoul.com kommersant forklog the ico and biocoin forklog accepting bitcoins afisha lenta.ru financefeeds.com international media lavkalavka here are some the numerous publications lavkalavka that are regularly issued the media: the new york times cnn financial times virtuoso life rfi.fr rbth.com newsweek europe idee lifestyle firecroft.com the foodie's guide courrier russie calvertjournal.com vice (c) lavkalavla ltd., biocoin (bio) copying any information without reference the source https://biocoin.bio prohibited. https://biocoin.bio e-mail: info@biocoin.bio contacts official website: https://biocoin.bio/ e-mail: info@biocoin.bio english language resources: telegram: https://t.me/biocoin telegram-chat: https://t.me/biocoinchat slack: https://biocoin.slack.com twitter: https://twitter.com/biocoin_biocoin bitcointalk: github: russian language resources: telegram: https://t.me/biocoin_ru telegram-chat: https://t.me/biocoinchat_ru lavkalavka resources: official website: https://lavkalavka.com/ lavkalavka newspaper: http://lavkagazeta.com/ facebook: https://www.facebook.com/lavkalavka/ instagram: https://www.instagram.com/lavkalavka/ twitter: https://twitter.com/lavkalavka vkontakte: https://vk.com/lavkalavka_msk (c) lavkalavla ltd., biocoin (bio) copying any information without reference the source https://biocoin.bio prohibited. from creators the farm cooperative lavkalavka biocoin.bio info@biocoin.bio https://t.me/biocoin