birake white label exchange birake white label exchange contents our vision market cryptocurrency exchanges cryptocurrency volume birake white label solution exchange platform birake mission technology description system functioning model technological features the principle operation economic model birake business model development scenarios financial plan strategic plans risks and opportunities marketing and sales roadmap birake coin utility coin description coin distribution coin considerations how participate team conclusion disclaimer contact birake white label exchange our vision cryptocurrency the future, people need tools exchange and use these cryptos. want build the largest exchange network. moreover, want allow ico communities, cryptocoins communities and people from this industry create their own trading platform with few clicks. strongly believe the future cryptocurrency and its main strength: the decentralization! believe that allowing the market controlled single (or very few) privately owned exchanges goes against this strength. this why believe that everyone should able create their own exchange with just few clicks and that the orders should openly shared across all exchanges the market. birake white label exchange market the cryptocurrency market today comprises multi-billion-dollar industry. though, yet accepted the masses tool for everyday exchanges, comparable your standard fiat currency such the dollar euro.while currently holding market share more less than current exchange currencies, expected see rapid growth during upcoming years. our opinion the cryptocurrency market now the stage "volatile growth", which began late and most likely will continue medium perspective. sharp price fluctuations and correction are the natural state for this stage development. believe that cryptocurrency market not accidental phenomenon and based fundamental factors, which confirmed the eight-year history development which began when bitcoin the cryptocurrency which change the usual means payment and digital transactions has appeared. over the last years bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies only the fact their existence and growing distribution refuted many negative forecasts, opinions and assessments. they debunked some the myths about their insolvency, the lack prospects and the impossibility changing global financial relations. over the mentioned period time many alternative cryptocurrencies appeared. many them are embodying completely different ideas and fundamentally new concepts economic ties. there gradual official legitimization the legal status for cryptocurrencies and the integration digital transaction elements into the traditional economic systems. the total capitalization all cryptocurrencies (according coinmarketcap.com) increased more than from billion over billion. the daily trading volume for this period increased from million over billion (almost times!). birake white label exchange figure cryptocurrencies capitalization growth for (by https://coinmarketcap.com) based these and many other factors and assessments, possible come very concrete conclusion staying away from this market means standing still without seeing the prospect and lose the profit which now its maximum level the point view the market the initial stage growth. cryptocurrency market developing rapidly many different directions, very difficult predict the profitability project advance. however, see the most profitable strategy organizing and creating our own white label platform, which will unite different cryptocurrency exchanges and will become the biggest cryptocurrency exchange network with sharing orders between platforms. suitable for variety tasks and will able solve many tasks regardless the specific user's activities and needs. birake white label exchange cryptocurrency exchanges according coinmarketcap.com march the top exchanges based volume trading are: volume usd binance okex ... ... huobi upbit bitfinex bithumb hitbtc kraken gdax bittrex cryptocurrency volume birake white label exchange birake white label solution considering only the total volume top cryptocurrencies ... usd one month can easily estimate the total income the exchanges. considering the average fee the income the exchanges was over milions month only from transactions fee. here will sum also the deposit and withdraw fees which are much higher than previous one. birake white label solution will come with exchange platform, ready live from day one for anyone who will pay small monthly fee. all the exchanges running birake network will have orders openly shared. this means customer aquire one exchange platform, this will have plenty orders from day custom domain name custom logo and personalization posibility set custom fee per transaction all the active orders will available anyone from birake network and vice versa all orders from birake network will available you technical support posibility add one cryptocurrency birake network (depends package aquired) birake white label exchange exchange platform whether you're professional trader just starting out with cryptocurrencies, birake will offer wide variety tools for engaging with digital asset markets. will straightforward buy and sell cryptocurrencies through the birake exchange, while additional features will make the platform capable handling complex trading operations, well. working demo exchange platform can found http://demo.birake.com over cryptocurrencies available desktop and mobile friendly custom transaction fee (up the customer will apply low high fees) capable processing high volume transactions per second low fees deposits and withdrawals bounty and reward programs for the community birake mission the mission birake provide both website owners and users birake exchanges network, the biggest database orders users and achieve the biggest trading volume from cryptocurrency area. for the website owners: providing fully functional platform, ready use from day one, full orders and transactions; and for the users: possibility find the best deal from huge amount orders, low commissions, high trading experience, bounty and rewards programs. birake white label exchange technology description system functioning model step domain owner buys one birake's packages with bir for example birake coins btc) month for fully functional platform step website owner set his own fees and start personalizing he's platform step website owner brings new users his platform. step those users start trading within birake network with all the users registered birake network step birake platform calculates all the fees individually from one platform another step considering the package acquired the total fee accumulated will splitted between website owner and birake company (example website owner and birake) schematically, system functioning algorithm may displayed the following sequence: technological features optimize the work the birake project, the system has number technological features. some them are listed below: easy integration: birake platform can easily personalized with few clicks into any company's cryptocurrency exchange business built-in tracking fees: birake will track all the orders real time mode, will calculate fees diferentially between user from platform (which has fee for example .%) and another user from platform (which has fee for example birake white label exchange real time updates: users using the trading platform will experience the real time update the active, history orders and current price. protection from fraud: avoid abuse, the system has mechanism protect against bots, unauthorized withdrawals, factor authentication, detection and email confirmations referral program mechanism: each website owner can set the percentage referral program they want activate it. the tracking the referrals will made individually per exchange owners the principle operation successfully integrate and use the birake white label platform, website owner need domain name and personal logo. after that with just few clicks away have the platform ready for trading. owner the platform must invite many users can use the platform. the number transactions his users are directly proportional with the income the end the month. birake white label exchange economic model important element the whole system the number users who comes trade birake platform. considering that, platform provider will offer big variety cryptocurrencies, user friendly platform and huge amount orders and transactions birake network. the other side the website owner (which can owner comunity, someone capable bring thousands users, ico owner cryptocurrency owner) must promote their platform order increase their income. simplified economic model that website owner receive part (depend the package acquired) from transactions fee made its users and birake company gets the rest. birake business model the basis the economic model birake the following: transaction volume the volume usd transactioned during one year number website exchanges the number websites which are running our white label platform. each website will have separate domain name and custom personalizations cryptocurrencies average cryptocurrencies available for trading each month new cryptocurrency price average cost for adding new cryptocurrency the network (one time fee) customer percentage average website owner income percent from transactions fee user transaction fee average transaction fee percentage applied website owner each transaction birake percentage the average percentage from transactions fee from website owners birake white label exchange exchange platform price the average cost the exchange platform for one year hardware units number servers needed for running the birake network development scenarios following are models birake development are presented, depending the birake coin price results: development model, birakecoin less than btc transaction volume (millions usd) number website exchanges hardware units customer percentage birake percentage exchange platform cost for one year user transaction fee cryptocurrencies new cryptocurrency price birake white label exchange development model, birakecoin less than btc transaction volume (millions usd) number website exchanges hardware units customer percentage birake percentage development model, birakecoin less than btc transaction volume (millions usd) number website exchanges hardware units customer percentage birake percentage exchange platform cost for one year user transaction fee cryptocurrencies new cryptocurrency price exchange platform cost for one year user transaction fee cryptocurrencies new cryptocurrency price birake white label exchange financial plan the source birake monetization from the fees from users transactions, from monthly fee for website owners and from fee for adding new cryptocurrency the birake exchange network. the calculations this financial plan are carried out according the plan revenue received from this sources. note that future planned activate additional ways monetization. the economic model birake based the following formulas: transaction volume per year the volume usd transactioned during one year birake network user transaction fee average transaction fee percentage applied website owner each transaction customer percentage average website owner income percent from transactions fee birake percentage the average percentage from transactions fee from website owners customer income total income during one year for website owners. customer income calculated using the following formula customer income customer percentage user transaction fee transaction volume per year birake transactions fee income total income durring one year for birake from transactions fee which calculated as: birake transactions fee income birake percentage user transaction fee transaction volume per year birake new cryptocurrency income total income durring one year from subscription new cryptocurrencies into birake network birake new cryptocurrency income new cryptocurrencies new cryptocurrency price birake rental platform income total income from renting the birake exchange white label solution birake rental platform income number website exchanges exchange platform cost for one year birake white label exchange infrastructure and human resources costs estimated costs with infrastructure and human resources birake profit total profit for one year monetization model, number website exchanges hardware units $., $., $., $., $., $., customer percentage birake percentage birakecoin less than btc transaction volume (millions usd) exchange platform cost for one year user transaction fee cryptocurrencies new cryptocurrency price customer income $.., $.., $.., birake transactions fee income $., $.., $.., birake new cryptocurrency income $., $., $.., birake rental platform income $., $., $.., infrastructure and human resources costs $., $., $.., birake profit $., $.., $.., birake white label exchange monetization model, number website exchanges hardware units $., $., $., $., $., $., customer percentage birake percentage birakecoin less than btc transaction volume (millions usd) exchange platform cost for one year user transaction fee cryptocurrencies new cryptocurrency price customer income birake transactions fee income $.., $.., $.., $.., $.., $.., birake new cryptocurrency income $., $., birake rental platform income $., $., $.., infrastructure and human resources costs birake profit $., $., $.., $.., $.., $.., $.., birake white label exchange monetization model, number website exchanges hardware units $., $., $., $., $., $., customer percentage birake percentage birakecoin less than btc transaction volume (millions usd) exchange platform cost for one year user transaction fee cryptocurrencies new cryptocurrency price customer income birake transactions fee income $.., $.., $.., $.., $.., $.., birake new cryptocurrency income $., $., $.., birake rental platform income $., $.., $.., infrastructure and human resources costs $., $., $.., birake profit $.., $.., $.., birake white label exchange strategic plans over the next years, birake plans to: atract companies business developers comunity owners/ entrepreneurs and expanding the birake network all over the internet along with our customers birake plans contribute and promote the trading platforms from birake network comunity traders from all over the world birake plans grow the comunity around birake network and offer periodically bounty and reward programs order keep them close the uptime the platform always important for company, for our customers and for traders from our network and will work continuously keep close plan build the safest way trading, aquire third party security audits for our platform birake support will grow directly proportional with the infrastructure and number users our business model our plan reduce the fees for the users but also for our customers website owners have one the lowest fees for listing cryptocurrencies and are flexible negociate different partnerships for website owners, they are able bring average number new users they can make income times bigger than the costs the platform risks and opportunities considering our business model and taking look total volume traded for from top exchanges our necessary trading volume for one year lower than one month trading volume from one the top competitors even few days for binance. consider that our model the most pessimistic model and the opportunities are unlimited. birake one the first white label cryptocurrency exchange from the internet which will support about currencies and providing live trading platform for traders. the most innovative key our project sharing orders from our central database within all platforms from our network. considering this will win, win and win situation. birake will develop faster than normal exchange platform, owner the website will have fully functional website with plenty orders from birake white label exchange day one and trader will complete its trades much faster and maybe for better price. considering also risks are aware that birake will the main target attacks from all over the internet, plan take all the necessary measures including ddos protection, cold wallets, factor authentication, tracking and monitoring. marketing and sales the successful market penetration birake platform depends the efficient development the birake exchanges using our white label platform. birake along with our website owners will promote using the following channels: search engines, platform owners and contextual advertising operators: google, yandex, mail, rambler, begun and others the largest market players all categories digital marketing services. social media. are already present telegram, twitter, facebook, reddit, medium, bitcointalk and many more online media. wider coverage the distribution news and content. ico and cryptocurrency related communities owners online services and widgets mobile applications and services. one the key and fast-growing development areas the entire digital economy. they are most interested all the services driving successful communication. referral operators with correct marketing strategy, according our business model can achieve easly profit over millions after years development and billion achieve one top positions considering the trading volume from cryptocurrency market. birake white label exchange roadmap below you will find the main stages from our roadmap: stage list masternodes.pro and masternodes.online. list crypto-bridge.org. bounty distribution. stage birake exchange new features: simulate trading; matching orders; multiple pairs for trading; others features; stage birake exchange alfa version: wallet configuration for btc based coins; wallet configuration for erc tokens; bir coin used main payment for fees; stage white label platform top birake exchange. birake white label exchange birake coin utility bir coin will the main payment method within birake network birake exchange platform will aquired only with bir coins monthly income generated website owner will paid bir coins referral program will use also bir coins pay the users rewards and bounty programs promotions for bir holders from birake network coin description coin name: birakecoin ticker: bir algorithm (pow/pos): quark block reward: bir masternode collateral: bir masternode reward: staking (pos) reward: block time: seconds total supply: bir premine (%): bir pre-sale masternodes collaborators bir reserved for exchange listings marketing bir bounty distribution after exchange listing bir reserved for lastest developments birake exchange once build out our exchange software, will require vendors use bir for renting birake software exchange. clients will able pay with bir coins for parts complete software solution cryptocurrency area. basically you can own complete exchange software white label form paying with birake coin. the total supply the coins limited units. birake white label exchange any coins not sold during the presale will held our corporate wallet reserve coins for development expenses and working capital future raises. the public presale, participants can obtain the rewards bigger described bellow coin distribution birake white label exchange mentioned before total coins will available for rewards and pos mining rewards and pos bir (up are reserving our supply used for bounty programs and community rewards. bounty bir finally, keep communication, marketing and exchange listing the highest standards possible. marketing, communication and exchange listing bir coin considerations strongly consider the following prior purchasing bir coins; birake exchange will one the biggest exchange software from crypto area. birake targeting different type clients like end users companies. already implemented two main wallets (eth and btc) the current platform, are about finish the first exchange between two cryptocurrencies. consumers will see day-to-day development birake exchange until the final stage when birake will offer white label solution for them, are considering providing back end support solutions and solutions. hope minimize speculative value the coin and maximize utility value when first white label exchange will released. this will huge product with billions customers and billions buying selling orders. coin sale hard cap, dates and milestones may change accordance with unforeseen birake expenditures and/or client/talent opportunities. birake white label exchange users should consider the utility the bir coin prior purchasing. our team will work expand the utility bir coin our software portfolio continues grow. how participate those interested purchasing masternodes presale period (until block can participate our website https://birake.com. masternode cost btc bir coins) team our team dedicated this project, has over years experience web development and manipulation huge volume data and users. for the past years, we've been working daily with technologies like symfony, node.js, nosql data stores, angularjs, reactjs and others. we're constantly growing and are always looking for new, talented and innovative members. birake white label exchange birake built software company that has been operating since the web software industry. have been more active the media industry and especially south america. have portfolio and software solutions that have supported over million users per day. starting with have developed implemented global content management system for different industries. far, the main activity our business was the financial and media industry. are experienced trading the forex industry and ending with the cryptographic industry for over years. have deployed automated trading systems, exchange platforms, and lately we've been focusing more the encryption area. traders and investors, have overcome the situation overloading trading platforms the cryptographic area. especially there have been times when more than large cryptographic trading platforms have been overloaded closed inoperable for long periods time. birake white label exchange for this reason, believe that the birake platform will come with solution for the end user, but also for companies that target business exchange information this field. also, the birake platform can used successfully new emerging communities and coins, eager join exchange platform. conclusion will exercise our expertise web development and data management build out the biggest white label exchange platform. our bir coin represents vehicle enable spend management distributed ledger environment. funds raised from our coin sale will used develop the utility the platform and maximize the value our products. disclaimer please read this disclaimer section carefully. you are any doubt the action you should take, you should consult your legal, financial, tax, other professional advisor(s). the information set forth below may not exhaustive and does not imply any elements contractual relationship. while make every effort ensure that any material this white paper accurate and date, such material way constitutes the provision professional advice. birake does not guarantee, and accepts legal liability whatsoever arising from connected to, the accuracy, reliability, currency, completeness any material contained this white paper. potential birake coin holders should seek appropriate independent professional advice prior birake white label exchange relying on, entering into any commitment transaction based on, material published this white paper, which material purely published for reference purposes alone. birake coins not intended constitute financial securities instruments any jurisdiction. this white paper does not constitute prospectus offer document any sort and not intended constitute offer securities solicitation for investment securities any jurisdiction. birake does not provide any opinion any advice purchase, sell, otherwise transact with birake coins and the fact presentation this white paper shall not form the basis of, relied upon connection with, any contract investment decision. person bound enter into any contract binding legal commitment relation the sale and purchase birake coins, and cryptocurrency other form payment accepted the basis this white paper. this birake white paper for information purposes only. not guarantee the accuracy the conclusions reached this white paper, and this white paper provided "as is". this white paper does not make and expressly disclaims all representations and warranties, express, implied, statutory otherwise, whatsoever, including, but not limited to: (i) warranties merchantability, fitness for particular purpose, suitability, usage, title non-infringement; (ii) that the contents this white paper are free from error; and (iii) that such contents will not infringe third-party rights, and its affiliates shall have liability for damages any kind arising out the use, reference to, reliance this white paper any the content contained herein, even advised the possibility such damages. event will team birake its affiliates liable any person entity for any damages, losses, liabilities, costs expenses any kind, whether direct indirect, consequential, compensatory, incidental, actual, exemplary, punitive special for the use of, reference to, reliance this white paper any the content contained herein, including, without limitation, any loss business, revenues, profits, data, use, goodwill other intangible losses. birake makes representations warranties (whether express implied), and disclaims all liability arising from any information stated the white paper. particular, the "roadmap" set out the text the white paper subject change, which means that birake not bound any representations the future performance and the returns birake. the actual results and the performance birake may differ materially from those set out the birake white paper. please note that contents this birake white paper may altered updated any time future the project's management team. the white paper has been prepared solely respect initial coin offering birake coins. shares other securities the company are being offered any jurisdiction pursuant the white paper. the white paper does not constitute offer invitation any person subscribe for purchase shares, rights any other securities the company. the shares the company are not being presently offered be, registered under securities act any country, under any securities birake white paper laws any state. the coins referred this white birake white label exchange paper have not been registered, approved, disapproved the u.s. securities and exchange commission, any state securities commission the united states any other regulatory authority nor any the foregoing authorities examined approved the characteristics the economic realities this coin sale the accuracy the adequacy the information contained this white paper under, the u.s. securities act amended, under the securities laws any state the united states america any other jurisdiction. purchasers the coins referred this white paper should aware that they bear any risks involved acquisition birake coins, any, for indefinite period time. some the statements the white paper include forward-looking statements which reflect team birake's current views with respect product development, execution roadmap, financial performance, business strategy and future plans, both with respect the company and the sectors and industries which the company operates. statements which include the words ''expects'', ''intends'', ''plans'', ''believes'', ''projects'', ''anticipates'', ''will'', ''targets'', ''aims'', ''may'', ''would'', ''could'', ''continue'' and similar statements are future forward-looking nature. all forward-looking statements address matters that involve risks and uncertainties. accordingly, there are will important factors that could cause the group's actual results differ materially from those indicated these statements. these factors include but are not limited those described the part the white paper entitled risk factors '', which should read conjunction with the other cautionary statements that are included the white paper. any forward-looking statements this white paper reflect the company's current views with respect future events and are subject these and other risks, uncertainties and assumptions relating the company's operations, results operations and growth strategy. these forward-looking statements are made only the date the white paper. subject industry acceptable disclosure and transparency rules and common practices, the company undertakes obligation publicly update review any forward-looking statement, whether result new information, future developments otherwise. all subsequent written and oral forward-looking statements attributable birake individuals acting behalf birake are expressly qualified their entirety this paragraph. statement the white paper intended profit forecast and statement the white paper should interpreted mean that the earnings birake for the current future years would may implied this white paper. agreeing acquire birake coins hereby acknowledge that have read and understand the notices and disclaimers set out above and contained this white paper. regulatory authority has examined approved any the information set out this white paper. thus, action has been will taken under the laws, regulatory requirements rules any jurisdiction. the publication, distribution dissemination this white paper does not imply that the applicable laws, regulatory requirements rules have been complied with. this document and birake white label exchange information contained herein may not sent and addressed wholly part, directly indirectly, any person the united states, new zealand the people's republic china, any other jurisdiction which would impermissible restricted offer, distribute, purchase, sell retain cryptographic coins. please refer our website for terms conditions participating the birake initial coin offering. contact website: https://birake.com demo platform: http://demo.birake.com telegram: https://t.me/birakecom twitter: https://twitter.com/birakecom facebook: https://www.facebook.com/birakecom github: https://github.com/birake email: support@birake.com