bitbase whitepaper new escrow blockchain technology. @dimitri www.bitbase.io/whitepaper bitbase whitepaper escrow concept. tradition concept. ii. our difference. bitbase concept. iii. case: both parties are happy iv. case: parties are not happy normal send/receive transactions. vi. case studies vii. bitbase visa card. viii. roadmap. ix. bitbase project breakdown funds allocation. phase breakdown what bitbase? bitbase the very first coin that has changed smart contracting whole and fixed it's flaws, bitbase the very first coin allow you recover your coins case transaction that goes bad. this could useful many ways, along with that companies like www.escrow.com www.ebay.com ww.paypal.com and many more can implement it, why should these companies integrate bitbase, bitbase coin could easily integrated with their buyer/seller protection feature. bitbase not just coin it's advancement the blockchain technology whole doesn't just end there. bitbase also offers unique visa card that allows users shop online with ease and hassle. why invented bitbase, the crypto industry there are many scammers about with the current crypto technology, due that the crypto technology rising very slowly with bitbase technology place the calculations show that the crypto technology market will attract more people everyday, since people will not fear losing their coins. bitbase team, you will find all the information about the bitbase team below this white paper and also the homepage www.btibase.io bitbase the future cryptocurrency. now let's see some advantages bitbase you can buy sell with piece mind, you won't lose clients because they won't have worry about being scammed. ii. faster than smart contacting. iii. simple and easy use system with detailed explanation accept the coin with the current payment gateway you are already using. )traditional concept traditionally, person sends the funds person and turn person sends item person complete the trade. smart contract; there additional level protection, unfortunately protects the buyer only. when conducting trade with smart contract, person sends coins via escrow feature (smart contract) where both parties must agree release the coins complete the transaction. however the buyer does not agree, the funds coins are returned the buyer after time limit. there huge flaw today's blockchain smart contracts, because they only protect the buyers. fact today's smart contracts may very well promote fraud the part the buyers. seller has shipped product item, and the smart contract keeps the coins held escrow until both parties agree release them, but what the buyer decides not release confirm the transaction, despite the fact that they received the goods? any buyer can easily take advantage this huge flaw the called smart contracts. confirmation not received both sides, the coins are eventually returned the buyer, after predetermined time limit. this case the seller losses the product and eventually will out business. can clearly see that today's blockchain smart contracts are fact far from being smart. our difference. the concept: our system, let's assume: have group chat. person and person are trading. both ask person send them escrow identifier, person generates one (through his wallet) and pastes the chat, person also gets unique hash password control the outcome the transaction. once both parties are happy, person releases the money. either one the parties not happy, then the transaction held escrow during the dispute process, until such time that resolution has been determined. e.g: like paypal dispute resolution center. person binds the transaction (coin-cli generate payment [amount] [recipient's address] [escrow id]) the escrow identifier and gives them the payment hash which can seen the blockchain explorer. person sends the item person case: both parties are happy both parties ask the escrow release the funds. escrow executes the command: coin-cli release funds [escrow id] [escrow password] case: parties are not happy case dispute, escrow decides favor person then he/she can execute coin-cli return funds [escrow id] [escrow password], otherwise escrow sides with person then coin-cli release funds [escrow id] [escrow password] normal send/receive transactions: user wants send transaction normal payment, user can choose so, and will just broadcasted the network just like bitcoin, but they want send via escrow the concept above should take place this can done with the existing bitcoin code. you can find several links and bitcoin commands the bottom this page that will make more sense developers. case studies: programmatically api will help you extend the functionalities the bitbase coin! for companies like escrow.com and paypal, they can act the direct escrow with the assistance our programmable node. they will able generate escrow id, process transactions, release funds all programmatically. this could integrate well with their buyer/seller protection feature. similarly for companies like ebay, amazon, our smart contract bitbase technology will allow any company, business online website use the node generate escrow requests the go. they can decide release the funds after days after buyer expresses their satisfaction. they could relatively depend upon the seller's reputation. good reputation, less time release funds. bitbase visa card. obtain visa card bitbase you need www.bitbase.io/visacard you can use btb coins usd value shop online, with your bitbase visa card. daily card limit who can obtain bitbase visa card? bonus fee (usd) per day the bitbase visa card. ico participants only, once ico over you will not able obtain bitbase visa card. first investors. non usd purchase our bitbase card allows you use the coins usd value real time shop online, our first participants get loaded into their visa card ready spend online. once btb coins are transferred your visa card please note you cannot transfer them back your bitbase wallet, you will need buy the coins using exchanger directly the bitbase wallet website using your card details. roadmap our team has crafted roadmap for you review. bitbase project breakdown funds allocation. funds raised both before and during the token sale will used for the development and maintenance the bitbase system. although much the planning and decent amount the development work has already been done prove the proof concept the shareholders expense. funds will allocated day period ensure everything goes well. this helps protect the project from massive market swings and ensures this project brought production soon possible without market risk. below graph show the allocation all the funds raised both before and during the token sale. development these funds will allocated both the existing core team and also recruit new developers help bring the bitbase system the market. marketing acknowledge that order for the bitbase system get mass adoption need place large focus market exposure. have allocated large portion funds received towards marketing with this mind. marketing strategies will include but are not limited to, affiliate marketing, online campaigns, cpa campaigns and other marketing. legal these funds will used for legal review all service agreements, terms and privacy policies. also use portion these funds for any potential jurisdictional reviews required. operations day day operations will consist admin, and operations staff. these funds will used ensure smooth operation and growth starts that have the required manpower keep with demand. phase breakdown phase (,,) cents phase (,,) cents phase (,,) cents phase (,,) cents usd usd usd usd phase overview table format below. phase million coins for sale selling ($.) phase million coins for sale selling ($.) phase million coins for sale selling ($.) phase million coins for sale selling ($.)