blockchain betting solutions bitbook.ag online betting and gambling reinventing the ways bets are placed online white paper using cryptocurrency, dedicated token and latest blockchain technology, are looking change the user experience and offer unique solutions that cannot realized using traditional betting systems disclaimer and abstraction the purpose this whitepaper present bitbook online sportsbook and casino based the blockchain technology potential community members who want join the bitbook community connection with the proposed bitbook token launch, "initial coin offering" ("ico") and crowdsale. the information set forth below should not considered exhaustive and does not imply any elements contractual relationship. its sole purpose provide relevant and reasonable information potential token holders order for them determine whether undertake thorough analysis the company with the intent acquiring bitbook tokens. nothing this whitepaper shall deemed constitute prospectus any sort solicitation for investment, nor does it, any way, pertain offering solicitation buy any securities any jurisdiction. the document not composed accordance with, and not subject to, laws regulations any jurisdiction which are designed protect investors. certain statements, estimates, and financial information contained within this whitepaper constitute forward-looking, pro-forma statements, and information. such statements information involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties which may cause actual events results differ materially from the estimates the results implied expressed such forward-looking statements. abstract while the online gambling and sportsbook market has grown recent years, concerns about issues such fraud and lack transparency have remained. the advent blockchain technology has fundamentally changed this situation. due the immutability records the blockchain, any user can verify and retrace past transactions. many online casino operators have since developed and launched blockchain-based online gambling platforms provide players with these benefits. however, series challenges still remain. regardless how active users are and how much money they spend the platform, they are not rewarded for their loyalty. turn, online casino operators continuously struggle retain their users. moreover, most online platforms offer either gambling sportsbook functions, not offering players single platform both place bets sports events and play casino games. the bitbook platform will solve precisely these challenges. bitbook sportsbook and online casino platform that compensates users for their losses with and offers them unparalleled diversity games and betting options. the bitbook platform has been live since may and has established itself bitcoin-only online casino amongst worldwide audience passionate players. while the current development was financed solely the bitbook team, time lift the bitbook platform the next level and build the sportsbook and online gambling experience the future. this end, bitbook will hold initial coin offering (ico) and issue bxk, its own token that will used the in-game currency the bitbook platform. while players can bet any major cryptocurrency their choice, the use bxk tokens will incentivized various measures. these measures include compensation losses bets made bxk tokens and various other exclusive and ongoing bonus programs run the platform. regular token buy-back from exchanges and the subsequent burning these tokens will cause decrease the total supply bxk tokens and ensure consistent increase their value. the funds raised will used for the further development peer-to-peer betting and the establishment the platform the leading blockchain-based sportsbook and online casino solution the market. the generated funds will invested extensive marketing campaigns attract additional players the bitbook platform. table contents disclaimer and abstract abstract table contents industry overview the solution project overview the bxk token (utility) the bitbook company technology marketing competitor analysis token sale token and funds distribution roadmap team advisory board risks and concerns closing remarks from the bitbook team industry overview the gambling industry has witnessed significant growth over the last years both the traditional and the online gambling sphere. statista reports, the worldwide online gambling industry has grown compound annual growth rate (cagr) over the last years. compared the average gdp growth rate, this means that the gambling industry has grown about times faster than global gdp. the worldwide online gambling and betting industry has grown compound annual growth rate (cagr) over the last years. compared the average gdp growth rate, this means that the gambling industry has grown about times faster than global gdp. according the latest market data available, the global market for online gambling reached $.bn and projected reach $.bn https://www.businesswire.com/news/home//en/global-online-gambling-market-----research https://www.statista.com/statistics//market-volume-of-online-gaming-worldwide/ https://www.statista.com/statistics//growth-of-the-global-gross-domestic-product-gdp/ graph: the revenue the gambling industry $bn. source: statista forecasts are showing, the future the online gambling industry looks equally bright. the study illustrated above predicts the market reach $.bn even more optimistic recent report businesswire which forecasts that worldwide online gambling revenues will amount $.bn. growth predicted equal cagr ,%, representing further acceleration the industry's speed growth. online gambling market region taking more detailed look the different regions, can seen that europe currently represents the biggest part the online gambling market. because the relatively high disposable incomes and the gambling-friendly regulation compared other parts the world, the european market makes about ($.bn) the global online gambling market estimated total $.bn the second most important region the asian and middle eastern market with share ($.bn). northern america represents another important target region with about $.bn equaling the global market. other (.%) northern america europe (.%) asia and middle east graph: distribution global online gambling revenue region $bn(%). for more information, visit statista: gambling industry europe revenue different gambling games gambling encompasses number gambling games, including casino games, lottery, slot machines, betting games and bingo games. statistics show that two years ago online betting was leading the race with almost ($.bn) the turnover, followed casino gambling games with $bn the market. other gambling games such poker and lottery were third, with roughly one-fourth the market share and just under $bn turnover. (.%) (.%) casino betting (.%) other graph: distribution market share game type source: gambling capital reasons for growth the online gambling industry the reasons for the rapid growth rate these statistics indicate are manifold. firstly, the global mass adoption mobile devices both industrialized and developing nations that facilitates access online gambling apps and solutions for hundreds millions people. probably the biggest factor causing the impressive growth rate the online gambling market, however, the ubiquity access the internet result mass adoption mobile devices. phone carriers and broadband providers have invested building the infrastructure necessary ensure widespread availability internet services, even remote areas. wherever users are, whenever they want they can simply use their phones, tablets desktop devices place bets their favorite athletes sports teams indulge casino games. great number service providers has evolved serve the growing markets and offers users the ability place bets wide variety sports both national international leagues. another contributing factor the growth income developing nations. higher incomes generally mean more disposable income spend gambling and betting. the growth the online gambling industry further supported the advantages online casino operators have over traditional casino operators. through beneficial legislature and the possible physical separation players and dealers, online operators are moving the physical location their casinos low-cost countries like malta, gibraltar and latvia which have established themselves attractive locations the gambling industry, especially for the operation live casinos. meanwhile, online casino operators can attract and reach worldwide target market, easily and effortlessly growing and scaling their business. broadband and information technology has progressed quickly that even developing nations, people have fast and mostly reliable broadband connections that are prerequisite for immersive online gambling experience. return, online casino operators have added live casinos and better animated slot games their offerings, further increasing the appeal their use. online casinos also enable people lower-income countries remote areas, where infrastructure bad and it's practically impossible operate traditional casinos enjoy bit gambling place bet their favorite team. anybody legal age and registered can play from the comfort their own home and any time. issues and challenges the online gambling industry while the global and online gambling market has grown immensely over the years for the reasons described and revenues are predicted keep rising the years ahead the industry has deal with multitude problems and challenges. these issues will hereafter described and discussed more detail: one issue legislation. across the world, numerous countries are taking legal action passing legislation that aims limiting outright banning online gambling. many the countries going after and doubling down gambling and betting are south-east asia. singapore has run state-wide campaigns against online gambling, while china and south korea have closed down many illegally operated gambling sites and arrested site operators. https://www.businesswire.com/news/home//en/global-online-gambling-market-----research another major issue fraudulent behavior market actors both sides. for one, this applies few online casino operators whose practices, turn, damage the credibility and reputation the entire industry. likewise, online casino users who try use fraudulent practices like multiple accounts attempt gain illegitimate access bonus programs through signing numerous fake accounts represent another big issue online casino operators have deal with. the reputation online casinos takes hit from such fraudulent practices, becomes harder for new players enter the market. the extensive marketing and campaigns necessary build solid reputation represent probably the biggest barrier entering the online gambling market. the same time, good reputation the single biggest asset online casino operator can have. the result fraudulent behavior the side casino operators skeptical and cautious market which both gamblers and bettors are careful not become victims fraud. these users are afraid practices such delayed non-existing payouts, rigged random number generators, account closure even loss personal information. online gambling review sites have picked this and often scare their readers beware certain "scams", while advertising other casino operators reliable and trustworthy. https://seon.io/resources////online-fraud-and-gambling/ http://casinoscammers.org/top-online-casino-scams/ yet, important note that these sites are monetized referring users the highest-grossing online casino operators who pay their affiliates once new sign-up has made the first deposit predefined amount. effectively, online gambling review sites often only add the skepticism and fear online gamblers already have. for example, study the british gambling commission found that only participants surveyed felt that "gambling fair and can trusted". when asked further, was found that fraud crime people commonly associate with gambling. study gainsbury al. which examined the level trust and attitudes online gamblers have towards online casino operators, showed that less than existing (!) players agreed strongly agreed that online gambling was fair, and believed that online casinos have switch that allowed them have the software turn the odds the operator's favor. this ecosphere general distrust and skepticism represents major obstacle the industry's continued growth. can both hinder new users from joining the online gambling market and cause existing users hesitate make further deposits and continue their online gambling habits. result, user growth and revenues are stalled. https://www.gamblingcommission.gov.uk/pdf/survey-data/ gambling-participation-in--behaviour awareness-and-attitudes.pdf http://citeseerx.ist.psu.edu/viewdoc/ download?doi=....&rep=rep&type=pdf the solution project overview bitbook global online casino and sportsbook that combines state-of-the-art solutions from the online gambling market with innovative blockchain technology. bitbook offers unique betting and gambling experience worldwide audience players. the bitbook token essential part the sportsbook and casino platform. used the exclusive currency the bitbook platform both for sports bets and casino games. through the usage the bitbook token digital currency, players from all around the world can profit from low transaction and administrative costs. placing bets simple, fast and cheap. there are numerous advantages using bxk tokens. client wants transfer funds from his account, this can done with little time spent administrative procedures and checks. transactions can processed efficiently and minimal cost. bitbook the operator profits from the ability global transfer funds. players can receive fast payouts any time exchanging the tokens their bitbook account for cryptocurrency their choice and demand payout funds. exclusive feature bxk tokens that bitbook will provide return player's losses, well additional bonuses not provided for other cryptocurrencies. bitbook has the potential reach worldwide audience passionate gamblers and betters. regardless time and location, they can place sports bets and play casino games while profiting from marginal deposit fees and rapid payout. problems and solutions glance the status quo the online gambling market coined numerous problems. the following section will list existing problems and with traditional online casinos and describe how bitbook solves these issues. problem: traditional online casinos have high information asymmetries between operators and users. the latter have insight into previous transactions the random number generator algorithm they use. lack transparency leads skepticism and fear fraud the side users. solution: you can take look into bitbook's transaction stream, online casino and sportsbook fully based blockchain technology. this way, every transaction transparent everyone and the informational asymmetries between players and casino operators are eliminated. users can retrace all prior transactions and thereby trust the integrity the platform. problem: traditional banks may confiscate block transactions from gambling websites. other cases, players might have wait days receive their winnings check wire transfer. furthermore, the available methods are costly and involve additional fees and commissions caused insufficient level globalization the financial system small international payments. last but not least, the allowed amount for first deposit might limited and the transaction might fail due unknown reasons. solution: bitbook uses different cryptocurrencies and bxk tokens allowing players deposit funds swiftly. bitbook offers swift transactions using cryptocurrency technology which respects player's privacy. the winnings cannot blocked confiscated any third party. furthermore, there limit the funds that can deposited and the chances for failed transaction are very low compared traditional bank deposits. with cryptocurrencies, fraud attempts through chargebacks huge issue casino operators have been struggling with for years are thing the past. problem: security. practically all online resources are threatened malicious attacks from hackers all around the world. while all necessary measures protect these resources must taken the risk being hacked can never fully eliminated. this also goes for online casinos. traditional online casino gets hacked, hackers may able steal sensitive data such user details and credit card information. solution: bitbook does not store credit card information and needs only minimal information about the users, thus reducing the risk sensitive information being stolen the attacker, ensuring maximum user confidentiality. problem: traditional online casinos, players lose funds and are not rewarded based their activity. they are not compensated/rewarded based their performance losses. result, users are frustrated and often quit platform. gambling operators thus continuously struggle retain players. solution: bitbook offers bxk token players return their monthly losses and the ability receive exclusive bonuses not available for other cryptocurrencies. lower transaction costs allow bitbook offer these rewards exclusively its bxk token users. these advantages are especially important for retaining customers with high engagement and long lifetime value. problem: traditional gambling and betting websites lack diversity terms game experience and betting options. furthermore, the allocation services dispersed, meaning that betting websites not offer gambling games and vice versa. solution: bitbook offers sports betting solution and advanced casino games the same time. furthermore, the betting options and the casino games are more advanced and miscellaneous than traditional gambling and betting solutions. offering this diversity, bitbook becomes players one-stop-platform for all their gambling and betting needs. problem: common issue with casinos based cryptocurrencies are the strong fluctuations value which the token can exposed. especially after ico, large loss value the token can occur. this leads further problems with the pricing services the platform and the profitability the casino. solution: being aware the risks associated with deflationary effect, bitbook has decided counteract this danger taking both supply- and demand-sided measures. the supply side, will using profits buy back bxk tokens from exchanges, hence reducing the amount bxk tokens supply. once acquired, these tokens will burned over time sending them zero-address. the demand side, addition increasing demand through our token buy-back exchanges, are taking host measures incentivize the usage the bxk token over other cryptocurrencies the bitbook platform. this includes the loss compensation well welcome bonus the first deposit for new users who choose use bxk tokens make their first account deposit. games the bitbook platform will offer its players variety games and betting options through the bitbook sportsbook, slot machines and card games. the casino has games different kinds over slot games and different variations roulette. the sportsbook offers odds major sports worldwide from european soccer american football, baseball, hockey, basketball, car racing, tennis, golf and more. sportsbook the bitbook sportsbook offers users the ability place bets the outcome sports events and functions worldwide from their computer well their mobile devices. football, soccer, basketball are some the most popular categories sports among sports bettors. other types sports offered include baseball, hockey, tennis, golf and many more. the bitbook sportsbook has been developed in-house and proprietary. spent years the development and testing the sportsbook ensure compliant with the highest industry standards terms security and user experience. for the second part are planning launch new peer-to-peer betting service bitbook. the core functionality this service will the possibility for users create bet event and offer online for others bet against. information regarding the bet event and the result will stored the blockchain and payment handled through ethereum smart contract. slots slot machine casino gambling machine with three more reels which spin when button pushed. they are typically themed and can have bonus functions providing additional winning opportunities. slot machines are usually associated with fraudulent behavior the operating casino because possibility manipulation without the knowledge the player. the bitbook casino games are licensed through known online casino providers such betsoft, bgaming and isoftbet, which have all verified their algorithms through trustworthy authorities the online gambling industry. thus, bitbook offering transparent and fair online gambling experience through well-known and authoritative third-party game providers the industry. card card game any game using playing cards the primary means with which the game played, they traditional game-specific. countless card games exist, including families related games (such poker). bitbook currently offers card games for players who wish play against the casino. with our slot machines, the games are carried out through the third-party providers betsoft, bgaming and isoftbet, thus ensuring fair rules and winnings distribution for all participants. how works one the main advantages bitbook.ag's online sportsbook and casino the fact that requires minimal amount information for user create and verify his account. upon completion the registration the website, the user redirected the deposit page where the user able buy bxk tokens from exchange. once the purchase tokens completed, all users can transfer their bxk tokens from their wallets their bitbook account and receive special welcome bonus additional bxk tokens for free. this continuous program will run indefinitely and only offered all bxk token users. the bonus, however, can only withdrawn after certain rollover amount reached (for example, after games roulette are played). users also have the option deposit, play and place bets using different cryptocurrencies readily available exchanges. the user wishes retrieve his funds, can request send his tokens another wallet anytime. the user can then use the tokens other cryptocurrencies place bets sports well play casino games. for example, john makes bet for mbtc the casino, that amount debited from his account and wins credited back mbtc the amount won. the process the same for the betting sport events. the user can withdraw his winnings and receive them within few hours his cryptocurrency wallet where can convert his bxk tokens other cryptocurrencies withdraw them the currency his choice. additionally, john's balance negative the end the month, will receive his losses for free automatically transferred his account. this bonus only available bxk token holders and will not granted the player used bitcoin payment method. our house cut rates are relatively low, with hold rate for sports betting between and for casino games (card games and slots combined). the net profit for the bitbook platform destroyed sending zero address. this way, the inflationary effect diminished and the price the bxk token appreciates, making the holding and playing with bxk very attractive. the advantage using bxk tokens compared other cryptocurrencies supported the website that exclusive repayment program reserved for bxk token users the case losses. users playing with bxk tokens, will receive bonus equivalent their monthly losses. the bxk token (utility) the bitbook token serves the medium exchange the bitbook platform. all bets users place bitbook games and sports betting services may use such tokens. hence, the main purpose the token enable the holders purchase goods services with and therefore classified utility token. using the bxk token will give players the advantage lower prices for participation the games well receive further bonuses such loss compensation, exclusive giveaways and lotteries. other currencies such btc will also made available for use the platform their value will adjusted dynamic exchange rate that will reflect the current market price bxk tokens the respective currency. the user has the ability purchase btc bxk tokens use and play with. bitbook will offer the ability transfer from btc bxk token directly the platform using the daily spot rate, thus eliminating the need use cryptocurrency exchanges and making transfers much easier. the decision make the bitbook token the in-game currency the platform and incentivizing its use through further measures serves clear objective. basic economics states that the value any asset, i.e. currency, rises with increasing demand constant supply, constant demand with reduced supply. can, therefore, achieve the highest increase value both increase demand and reduce supply. while intend promote the demand for bxk tokens with attractive incentives, also want take supply-side measures increase the price the token. this end, use the repurchase tokens via exchanges and the subsequent burning these tokens ensure increase the price the bxk token reducing the supply. combining all these measures, will better able achieve increase the price the token for our platform users and holders bxk tokens. bitbook tokens the platform's internal currency will used every transaction occurring. the more agents, i.e. users that use the currency, the higher its value. initially, this demand will come from players the bitbook platform. before they can use the platform place sports bets add the prize pool casino games, they must first have the required bitbook tokens their account. bitbook makes easy for any user exchange their existing cryptocurrencies for the platform's native token. the user simply sends the desired amount from his cryptocurrency wallet the respective address his user account bitbook. the received amount will then automatically converted bxk token. important note that not the user, but the platform which buys the respective amount bxk tokens and credits them the user's balance. complex procedures, knowledge using cryp- to-exchanges are therefore required the side the user. the process buying tokens from exchanges necessary for various reasons. most importantly, ensures that there sufficient liquidity supply bxk tokens) available for token holders and filling the players' demand for bxk token place bets play casino the bitbook platform. this turn guarantees that the token's quotations keep increasing. let turn the economy the token. bookmakers earn their revenues accepting bets different outcome scenarios sporting events. this imputed revenue which also underlies the economics the bitbook token. the way the game set, the probabilities favor the casino. the likelihood the casino winning are always higher than the likelihood the user making win. this principle, which commonly referred the "law great numbers", applies all bets the bookmakers choose accept: whether sports bets the casino, illustrated the famous example the field the roulette board. result, the bookmaker this case the bitbook platform will generate revenues more funds are paid the platform than has pay out. bitbook will make use parts these revenues order ensure and increase the token's value. through the buying-back tokens from exchanges and their subsequent burning, the overall token supply will reduced, thereby increasing the value the bitbook token. the burning reacquired tokens done sending them dead address for which private key available. the burning tokens initially leads decrease the total number tokens offered exchanges. even with constant market demand, the price the token already increased. however, since bitbook uses the casino's revenues buy back tokens exchanges, the total demand for bxk tokens thereby also increased. the higher the casino's revenues, the more significant this process becomes. higher revenues lead stronger demand for tokens exchanges, hence causing quotations increase dependence upon the platform's development. taking overall view, this means that there fixed correlation between all the following factors: the exchange rate the token, the accrued revenues the bitbook platform, the number platform users well the total volume bets placed. the higher the platform's revenues become, the higher the increase the amount tokens being bought-back and burned, hence reducing the number bitbook tokens supply. the subsequent decrease the total supply bxk tokens causes the value the tokens up. the bitbook company the development the bitbook platform started december with team software engineers with the mission create the leading online platform for cryptobetting and gambling. wanted create solution that not only fairer, safer and cheaper than traditional currency sportsbooks wanted provide players with better margins paying them back through payback losses and advanced token economic mechanisms such buying back and burning tokens, which inevitably leads appreciation the price the bxk token. over the past years, the bitbook platform has been carefully developed numerous tests concerning the platform's functionality and performance have been made. all our efforts were directed refining and optimizing our game algorithms and being able provide our users modern and entertaining gambling and betting experience. having started with employees two years ago, the bitbook team now encompasses members, including developers with long-standing experience who continue develop and work new functionalities, support agents for -hour support and the two founders. timeline milestones september hiring developers completion concept design july completion the sportsbook, wallet and back end september agreement with isoftbet, betsoft, bgaming provide casino games playable the platform using bitcoin december completion the bitcoin api january agreement with donbest las vegas, leading odds provider for event odds and games information for sports book april completed integration casino and betting odds launch beta mode september completed beta testing. website live! while other icos the industry are trying raise funds develop their platforms from scratch, bitbook have already developed and successfully launched our product. both the sportsbook and the casino games are currently live and functioning present, players can use bitcoin participate the games place bet. alternatively, users can first test the platform demo mode, which requires deposit whatsoever. this makes super easy for everyone try them out for themselves and experience bitbook! bitbook's vision develop the leading one-stop shop for gambling and betting with cryptocurrency. our mission provide the cryptocurrency community solution that not only fairer, safer and cheaper than traditional currency sportsbooks but even pays them back through payback losses and appreciation price bxk token buy and destroy tokens. make sure you check out our online sportsbook and casino for yourself under the following links: https://www.bitbook.ag/casino https://www.bitbook.ag/sportsbook technology bitbook already operational online sportsbook and gambling platform that uses cryptocurrencies instead fiat currencies. using cryptocurrencies, strive for faster transactions while also eliminating the dangers frozen players accounts and blocked transactions due bank regulations and policies underlying problem the gambling industry since its foundation. our sportsbook system has been developed in-house with great effort and built according the newest trends the gambling industry terms security and user experience. our casino games are licensed through well-known providers such betsoft, bgaming and isoftbet, which are regulated and have their technical algorithms regularly tested and controlled authorities the gambling industry ensure the fairness and transparency the games. are planning launch our own bxk token that will used the platform the core currency for gambling and betting early this will also include the development peer-to-peer betting architecture using blockchain reconcile bets and store all the betting information while using eth contracts hold and distribute the funds. current technical infrastructure bitbook powered robust core developed with jee technology running linux servers, and the resin java application server. all data stored proven postgresql databases. many reporting services and some web services providing display-only information are developed using recent versions php. odds are automatically updated from the reliable donbest odds provider using their xml feed and supplemented with activemq order get instant notifications about odds changes. donbest also provides score results which are used automatically settle all bets. the core system parses the score information from the xml feeds and then settles the bets when score confirmed final. the system has built in-wallet for each user. this wallet can hold multiple currencies and will let the user play any currency actually holds. the system also provides casino games playing through reputable providers. implemented the necessary end points order communicate effectively with providers, and debit and credit the user account the user plays the integrated casino games. communicate with providers using secure encrypted -bit certificate and aes for maximum security. future technology developed future development includes peer-to-peer betting where user can create his own odds events and offer for other users bet against them. the bitbook platform would work platform create odds and the event and connect bettors through smart contract. the event and bet information will stored blockchain. dlt model distributed ledger technology umbrella term used describe technologies which distribute records information (the kind you might find accounting ledgers) among all those using it, either privately publicly. the blockchain itself type dlt tech. currently, bitbook uses private ledger for the sports betting and casino games, which stored the platform's database. dlt model: gambling games player gets assigned unique (or seed) when visits bitbook. decides wants play roulette. transfers the fee enter the game. because the games are hosted the servers rd-party provider, interaction between bitbook and the third-party provider occurs. the bitbook platform places order that interacts with the beting market. the betting market returns the results, which then are publicly visible the blockchain. the win loss defined based the results transmitted from the bet market through the smart contract. then, based the rule set, the user either receives certain amount tokens does not. dlt model: sportsbook player gets assigned unique (or seed) when visits bitbook. decides wants place bet. transfers the fee place the bet. the transaction associated with the user's id. the bitbook platforms places order that interacts with the betting market. the bet market returns the results. the win loss defined based the results transmitted from the betting market. then, based the rule set, the user either receives certain amount tokens does not. future dlt model: our long-term strategy have all transactions performed through smart contracts and have them publicly available the blockchain, including both the sportsbook and the casino games. the future functionality peer-to-peer betting will developed using blockchain technology and will stored public ledger. thus will visible anyone and completely decentralized. the user visits the bitbook platform and receives unique user id. the user creates event (bet proposal) and posts the platform. another user sees the open bet event and decides participate. the bitbook platform places order that interacts through smart contract with the betting market. the betting market returns the results, which are publicly visible the blockchain. the win loss defined based the results transmitted from the betting market through the smart contract. then, based the rule set, the user either receives certain amount tokens does not. marketing our efforts grow our existing base bitbook users, will employ combination multiple marketing channels. using omnichannel approach, consistent marketing communication with the explicit goal generating leads and converting them into paying users the bitbook platform will implemented. currently, our estimated projections for the returns our marketing campaigns are net profit after year, net profit after years, net profit after years. below description the employed marketing channels and how each them will used. keep mind that bounty programs will vital part our marketing strategy and communicated across all the channels. display advertising: our competence allows build internal media buying process for effective work with variety advertising networks. plan attract leads through media advertising earned low cost per lead, creating high-conversion funnels through separate thematic landing pages. furthermore, will utilize banner ads major gambling and cryptocurrency websites vital part our display advertising strategy. affiliate marketing: utilizing our partners' and team members' network and experience, aim establish partnerships with various affiliate networks. these networks will leverage their user base webmasters generate leads for our platform. also, will launch our internal affiliate program, rewarding everyone who recommends bitbook new user with referral commission their first deposit. email marketing: will primarily use e-mail marketing order improve the conversion rate leads generated from other marketing channels. e-mail addresses prospective players will collected using display advertising, newsletter system, opt-in forms the website and affiliate marketing. will then use e-mail communications build and nurture relationship with them. the goal always convert them users the bitbook platform. the market-leading tools e-mail marketing such mailchimp, getresponse and aweber will used collectively depending the targeted channel. the use more than one software necessary achieve maximum reach over all important marketing channels, some the tools not support specific channels (mailchimp cannot used social media marketing targeting, etc). social media marketing: bitbook's social media presence will not limited facebook and twitter, but will also include such thematic communities bitcointalk.com (igaming section), askgamblers, onlinecasinoreports, igamingforums, casinomeister, casinolistings, etc. furthermore, discussion platforms such reddit and communication channels such telegram will updated regularly our community managers ensure all questions are answered time. incentive programs such participation rewards will utilized order increase the popularity the project these platforms and ensure the community always the know about the latest updates well future plans and milestones achieved. forums: the bitbook ico thread bitcointalk will updated continuously and further developed one our community managers, offering additional incentives for the community participate the platform. target groups there are three important target groups bitbook has address with its marketing strategy. the following section outlines how each them will reached and communicated with. gamblers and bettors bitbook comprehensive gambling and betting platform, combining gambling games (slot machines, roulette, etc) well betting sportsbook with options ranging from soccer football, horse racing and many more. this requires appropriate differentiation between both player target groups players (gamblers and betters respectively), they not fall under the same category. they differ their demographic profile well their motivation take part the activity gambling betting. both target groups can further divided into categories. one side, professional gamblers and betters, who have developed their own strategies and engage actively gambling betting activities generate profit. the other, there are the casual participants, who not engage regularly gambling betting activities and when they so, mostly for entertainment purposes. bitbook plans focus primarily the regular gamblers and betters, their customer lifetime value much higher than that the casual participant. however, attracting and retaining these players can challenging. this target group seeking favorable conditions for regular activity and well aware many different gambling and betting platforms, alongside with their advantages and disadvantages. thus, gaining competitive edge over other gambling and betting platforms crucial condition win and retain these players. regular gamblers and players are looking for rewards based the amount funds they have spent the platform. bitbook planning introduce lucrative incentives that reward participation the platform proportionally the amount spent participants. returns the losses: rewarding players with cashback system, bitbook becomes more attractive than traditional gambling and betting platforms that not compensate players for their losses. participants will able receive the losses transferred back their accounts bxk tokens, thus increasing the probability that participants will engaging more gambling betting activities the platform because the reduced risk potential losses. here practical example how the return losses works: player deposits tokens into their account. they place several sports bets casino bets totaling these tokens. after the games have been concluded, they get back tokens, meaning they have loss tokens. the end the month, bitbook refunds the player his losses, which our example amounts tokens. this leaves the house with tokens profit. after paying the operating expenses, tokens received net revenue are destroyed, thus reducing the token supply circulation and increasing the price bxk tokens, bringing profit bxk token holders. gamification: gamification modern online marketing technique used encourage engagement with product service. gamification commonly employs game design elements such earning experience and levels based the engagement the user, achievements games won slot machines), status rewards (badges) and more. traditional poker websites for instance reward players with points that they can choose spend different rewards such merchandise, higher rakeback (percentage the casino's cut every pot played) and more. the amount points received defined the value tokens the user has put into play for certain period time the more tokens spent, the more points the user receives. the goal employing gamification elements achieve higher engagement levels, which turn will lead higher customer retention. lotteries: bitbook planning reward players with the possibility win free jackpots and lotteries. percentage the platform's revenue will reserved for regular (monthly) draws, where every participant the platform has chance win. the higher the engagement the user the platform, the better their chances win. order reach these two target groups, bitbook planning comprehensive marketing mix paid advertising targeting people interested gambling and betting-related, and content marketing aimed gambling and betting related websites and blogs. ico investors another important target group comprised general ico investors looking for profitable opportunities regardless the industry the project and with little interest purchasing goods services from the bitbook platform. the main motivation for this target group buy bxk tokens capitalize the possible increase the token's value and thus make winnings the difference, meaning that they will eventually and inevitably sell their tokens some point after the ico. with the previous target groups, are planning reach potential ico investors through several marketing channels, including lead generation landing pages for collecting email addresses potential investors combined with paid advertising google ads (search and display network), facebook, twitter, youtube well native networks crypto-related websites and crypto forums. taking part some the biggest and most important crypto events, will able further reach out the community ico investors and expand our worldwide reach. marketing funnel traffic generation website advertising social media marketing community channels lead generation landing pages lead forms user registrations prospect generation e-mail marketing special offers customers retention competitor analysis the gambling industry was among the top most popular industries for blockchain projects and several successful icos focusing gambling and betting (including esports) such truegame, trueflip, funfair and gifcoin have shown promising concepts and managed achieve their funding goals. consecutively, the competition bar has been raised high. bitbook acknowledge the fact that only innovative and value-adding project could successful the market. therefore, analyzed our competitors thoroughly and managed identify key aspects where improvements were still needed. the table below, you will find competitor analysis including the features and functionalities platforms similar bitbook. then describe how our concept stands out from the well-known successful gambling projects from the recent past. truegame funfair trueflip bitbook transaction speed fast fast fast fast security high high high high product readiness ready demo partially ready ready games diversity cryptocurrencies yes yes yes yes fiat currencies yes yes yes loss compensation yes betting yes planned gambling and betting yes token buy-back yes the table shows, there are number aspects which the bitbook platform sets itself apart from its competitors. while can match other platforms terms security levels, the transaction speed the bitbook platform superior that any other market player. only truegame also has existing igaming platform, while funfair has only presented demo version their solution. the trueflip platform the time this writing also only partially ready. bitbook has existing and established igaming platform the market which will upgraded blockchain-based platform with its own in-game currency. one the key differentiators between bitbook and all other competitors that our platform will offer unparalleled diversity with more than different games while other operators have less than games their platform. probably the most important competitive advantage will the loss compensation the amount placed bets using bxk token. other platform the industry currently rewarding users based their platform activity and deposit amount. contrast other market players, the bitbook platform will combine both sportsbook and online casino into single platform. the near future, plan launch betting feature, allowing users launch their own bets for users bet against. token sale bxk utility token released ethereum platform according erc standard. total not more than tokens will released. tokens allocated the team members are subject vesting period months. subsequent monthly release team tokens will not exceed the allocated total team tokens. token name: bxk the number tokens issued: bxk total for sale: the total issue tokens fiat currencies accepted: usd, eur cryptocurrencies accepted: bitcoin (btc), ether (eth) soft cap: bxk hard cap: bxk token sale will carried out three stages: private sale, pre-sale, main sale private sale: bxk tokens euro per token dates: hard cap: bxk minimum investment: bxk bonus: price token: euro pre-sale: tokens euro date pre-sale: hard cap: bxk minimum investment: bxk bonus: price token: euro main sale: bxk tokens euro dates: hard cap: bxk minimum investment: price token: euro the crowdsale will performed accordance with the token purchase agreement published and available the website https://bitbook.ag. crowdsale participants will have undergo the kyc procedure. moreover, certain restrictions will apply for participants from various countries token and funds distribution the bxk utility token the main component the architecture and economy the bitbook casino. token required make bets games, play games and make deposit into the gaming balance. total bxk tokens will issued and they will distributed follows: founders, team, advisors crowdsale graph: distribution bitbook tokens between groups/events crowdsale the reserve volume tokens frozen and will burned month after the crowdsale has been concluded prevent price inflation and ensure possible increase the price the bxk token. the remaining bxk are divided into bxk sold euro per token and hard cap bxk for the private sale, bxk sold euro per token and hard cap bxk for the pre- sale and bxk sold euro per token and hard cap bxk for the main crowdsale. having established strong relationships institutional investors, are preserving bxk for the private sale achievable target. the remaining tokens from the private and pre-sale will issued additionally the bxk the crowdsale. the funds raised the token sale will distributed functions and activities follows: legal bounty and airdrop marketing development graph: funds distribution for bitbook tokens the future, bitbook plans repay the community steadily buying back the vast majority the bxk tokens from exchanges batches and burning them, alongside with the majority the tokens that were generated through the player's losses (after refunding the platform's revenue the players who have negative balance). this way, current token holders will have the potential rewarded with high returns their tokens due the reduced supply bxk tokens the market and the resulting higher price for single bxk token. consecutively, the bets the platform will adjusted small fractions bxk token due the much higher price (as observed with bitcoin after the exponential increase its market value for single btc), keeping the price for participation betting and games stable. the users will free further use the tokens the platform win more bxk sell them exchanges and capitalize the price difference. holding bxk tokens will thus beneficial for community members, even the bxk token price suffers negative fluctuations, usually seen with most icos. this mechanism should counterfeit the speculative ico investments and serve incentive hold rather than sell. furthermore, the increase the token price will make participation the services offered the platform more lucrative, the expected returns will increased the higher token price. thus, the purpose this mechanism make playing holding these tokens attractive all target groups. roadmap timeline milestones september december team building completion smart contract development security audit launch casino and sportsbook using bitcoin january community building integration bxk token the sportsbook system private sale token pre-sale token submission exchanges launch referral/affiliate program february march main token sale bounty campaigns airdrop launch the exclusive compensation for losses program and special bonuses for bxk token users first half launch bxk token casino system launch the marketing campaigns further system development release new gaming products strategic partnerships second half development peer-to-peer betting platform through blockchain the table above shows the milestones have planned for the further development the bitbook platform. team andres martinez ceo substantial legal experience corporate law, tax advisory and off-shore structures country leader cryptocurrencies compliance, blockchain projects and tokenized online gaming advisor due diligence reports and contracts for merger and acquisition local and central american companies. linkedin filip poutintsev provides counsel franchise companies compliance, labor law and dispute resolutions. cmo entrepreneur with over years experience online business and marketing expert cryptocurrencies, start-ups and gambling has worked with match.com, crocs, finnair, booking.com, aliexpress, travelbird and be. linkedin mario calzavara community manager community manager with great experience blockchain and cryptocurrency projects participated different icos within the management team. linkedin fabian klein community manager experienced ico sales manager, project manager cryptocurrency trader and enthusiast. linkedin bridging the connection big investors. jhony ayrouth agusti dosaiguas arvin ong head software development head developer support manager linkedin linkedin linkedin advisory board juan ignacio guzman legal advisor member the costa rica bar association partner founder nameg&d asesores partner legal print associate rucavado rucavado substantial experience corporate, business law, labor law, dispute resolution, compliance, real estate, notarial and registration law, foreign linkedin hugo jacques investment technical advisor founder blockchain impact supports start-ups investor relations, crowdfunding sto /ico, marketing strategy, token economy and exchange listing. speaker and writer for crypto news websites linkedin reuben godfrey marketing advisor ico advisor among the top ico advisors. extensive experience advisor numerous successful icos such sonm, playkey and latoken linkedin risks and concerns regulatory risks igaming industry the sphere igaming under the close attention regulatory bodies, which constantly make changes and clarifications the existing regulatory documents. hereby warn you that there risk that the project may not meet the new regulatory environment certain point time. risks external fraud unfortunately, scammers are very creative and inventive their attempts defraud igaming platforms. hackers are focused finding and exploiting potential weaknesses. attacks also extend the open source algorithms smart contracts, which why must consider the risk attempted hacking our platform. risks the industry warn you that not guarantee that the project will receive profit sufficient for successful operations. the competition online igaming very fierce. regulatory risks the blockchain industry the blockchain industry the initial stage its regulation. governments countries are the process studying blockchain technology, and some countries impose restrictions (for example, the united states, china, south korea). there are legal documents regulating the crypto industry yet the laws will appear later and can significantly affect the activities blockchain projects, including our project. hereby warn you that such laws can significantly limit and even stop the project activity, are not responsible for the negative consequences associated with the possible regulation the industry the future. financial risks contributions cryptocurrency projects are big risk. bxk tokens, like any other cryptocurrency, are subject strong fluctuations and may decrease value significantly. are not responsible for any fluctuations the value the token exchanges. not guarantee that there will opportunity exchange bxk tokens for fiat. governments can pass laws that will obligate paying taxes profits made from bxk tokens. bxk tokens can used only play the bitbook.ag platform, they not grant you the right voting ownership bitbook. the bitbook project does not guarantee any income, you can incur significant losses. closing remarks from the bitbook team "the online gambling and betting industry developing rapidly. the same time, its progress being slowed down many underlying problems such strict regulatory measures and lack transparency, fairness. further areas such the functionality existing platforms and their user experience need drastic improvements. blockchain technology also expanding hasty rate with some major companies such ibm investing more and more resources into the development innovative blockchain solutions. many the major problems the online gambling and betting industry can successfully tackled utilizing blockchain technology. bitbook believe our mission improve the betting and gambling experience for everyone. with our substantial experience online gambling and betting, our team equipped with the knowledge and resources make our mission come true. with already developed platform, strong connections industry influencers and investors, have already established solid foundation for our project and believe its potential becoming the online betting and gambling. however, created bitbook for you the community. and without your support, cannot achieve our ultimate goal only together will able reach the full potential bitbook. become part the bitbook family today and help create the future online betting and gambling! you can test our functioning platform today https://www.bitbook.ag/ for free. wish you good luck your games and bets! the bitbook team