whitepaper business games technology table context introduction cryptocurrency blockchain bitblocks market overview technical specifications technologies block rewards functionality advanced address exchanging masternodes tournaments amatuer championships professional championships advertising sale specific products physical and virtual shops online and physical payment structure game development summary road map references bbk whitepaper introduction crypto currency cryptocurrency (or crypto currency) digital asset designed work medium exchange that uses strong cryptography secure financial transactions, control the creation additional units, and verify the transfer assets. cryptocurrencies are kind alternative currency and digital currency (of which virtual currency subset). cryptocurrencies use decentralized control opposed centralized digital currency and central banking systems. the decentralized control each cryptocurrency works through distributed ledger technology, typically blockchain, that serves public financial transaction database. blockchain blockchain, growing list records, called blocks, which are linked using cryptography. each block contains cryptographic hash the previous block, timestamp, and transaction data (generally represented merkle tree root hash). design, blockchain resistant modification the data. "an open, distributed ledger that can record transactions between two parties efficiently and verifiable and permanent way". for use distributed ledger, blockchain typically managed peer-to-peer network collectively adhering protocol for inter-node communication and validating new blocks. once recorded, the data any given block cannot altered retroactively without alteration all subsequent blocks, which requires consensus the network majority. bbk whitepaper introduction bitblocks bitblocks business-oriented cryptocurrency directed towards entertainment, especially video games and other areas that revolve around this current industry, such championships, events, fairs, conferences, and game development among others. know that this business rapid expansion worldwide and that video games have not ceased something exclusively marketed target age groups. the climbing value the gamer world has reached such point professionalism that there are currently athletes and video game teams, tournament achievements that are transmitted real time the internet and even television. market overview this market produces billions dollars annually and presents unquestionable expansion trend. according forbes magazine, this industry forecast move around billion through sales games, accessories, consoles, new technologies, fairs and events around the world. the alone, gross sales for were billion. according the report prepared consulting npd group and the entertainment software association this number represents increase when compared the previous years' scores. the bbk has its field activity this billion dollar market, contributing the promotion the commercialization and development new technologies, strengthening this area and effectively raising its own value digital asset. bbk whitepaper technical specifications specifications algorithm: quark type: pos masternodes default port: premine: max supply: address letter: transaction fee: transactions per second: tps (approximate) block size: block time: seconds technologies zero fees the bitblocks network has been built reword its network supporters via block rewards (staking masternode reward). utilizing this proof works network bitblocks able provide nearly zero transaction fees for each transaction. this means when using bitblocks more your actual investment kept your pocket instead being spent through the sending coins from one wallet the next. private send bitblocks has privacy feature which makes possible send anonymous transactions. this means user can choose traceable anonymous. bitblocks fork pivx which built and improved from dash code. dash, also fork bitcoin core with privacy feature implemented. essence, bitblocks can spent public private. this privacy feature reached using joint payments. this basically merging transactions together and splitting them again, thus, making difficult near impossible trace transactions from specific wallet address another. instant transactions bitblocks transactions are instant like pivx and dash. that is; the person receiving the transaction able see from the sender the moment the funds are sent. this makes bitblocks excellent means making transactions. thanks its fast speeds this allows numerous transactions sent over long distances without the worry waiting for your funds available even waiting for confirmations through needed with lot cryptocurrencies. bbk whitepaper technical specifications block rewards masternode reward structure coins coins generated until block year total coins circulation: total: coins generated years total coins circulation: bbk whitepaper functionality advanced address advanced mark grouping bits, used recognize whether somebody who they claim be. bitblocks validation taken care awry encryption all messages amongst clients and administrators. each mineworker administrator has their own match keys open key and private key. the user's open key the thing that the whole system knows (i.e. it's freely accessible), and the private key the thing that only the mineworker/administrator know (i.e. it's totally private). amid introductory enlistment the key combine, the client picks secret key which private. that private secret key then used produce -piece open key, which fills their street number and personality the bitblocks economy. information encoded with the client's open key must unscrambled with similar client's private key, which only they will know. along these lines system peer who starts correspondence with another associate dependably encodes active messages utilizing the beneficiary's open key (i.e. postage information) and will get every approaching message scrambled utilizing their own open key. bbk whitepaper functionality exchanging exchanging the bitblocks economy depends possession asserts opposed dynamic exchanges. record exchanges exists anyplace the system. the procedure can depicted couple summed steps: current proprietor gives bitblocks units the new proprietor. this could computerized content (twofold record, email), physical frame (paper note, document stockpiling gadget). units are encoded with the new proprietor's open key. current proprietor puts claim for new possession the administrator who handles the specific bitblocks unit utilized part the exchange, giving the hash the unit. new proprietor checks the bitblock, and furthermore puts claim for new possession the administrator the bitblocks, giving the hash the provided unit. administrator confirms the legitimacy the unit, and the two claims, and stores its private database with the address the new proprietor the enrolled proprietor the dice which gave the hash.. administrator sends reaction message the two gatherings educating them about the difference responsibility for unit. this rehashed for each bitblocks unit engaged with the exchange. the procedure for one unit can envisioned the accompanying graph: can seen that effective exchange possession can just happen when the accompanying conditions are met: the current and the new proprietor both have the real bitblocks unit its crude frame. the unit substantial bitblocks unit. the unit known the administrator. the administrator perceives the present proprietor the lawful proprietor the unit. the current and the new proprietor have both educated the administrator about the and coming difference responsibility for bitblock unit giving and coordinating hash created from the bitblocks. imperative take note that between exchanging parties bitblock units are traded their crude frame, while claims put the administrator are just made utilizing the hash those units. bbk whitepaper functionality masternodes masternode collateral bitblock for the total masternode what masternode? masternode simply cryptocurrency full node computer wallet that keeps the full copy the blockchain real-time. some the special functions that these nodes perform are: increasing privacy transactions doing instant transactions participating governance and voting enable budgeting and treasury system cryptos these masternodes are not standalone but they are always communicating with other such nodes make decentralized network and are often referred short form mn. what does take run masternode? just like full nodes cryptocurrency, masternodes can run anyone. however, there entry barrier place ensure that the system doesn't get malicious. the entry barrier what one needs commit collateralize certain units that particular cryptocurrency run masternode. now that you have understood the concept masternode, let see what all things are required set up: one needs minimum amount coins that particular crypto. one needs vps server host that wallet for one needs dedicated address for that one needs some storage space save the blockchain bbk whitepaper tournaments amateur championships bitblocks going organize online amateur championship, making wide scattering the brand the virtual condition, granting the winners with bbk. bitblocks will elevate face-to-face championships many different places, with the point drawing intrigued gatherings people esports, advertising bbk-paid enrollments and offering items with the coin logo, for example, caps, shirts, key chains, stickers, mousepads, and forth. there will stands various organizations connected the advanced innovation and amusement segment that will offer items, for example, cell phones, diversions and extras when all said done, with rebates for members and accepting bbk. these titles will called bbk amateur cups. professional championships bitblocks going participate existing e-sports championships around the world sponsoring these events, publicizing the currency brand, and suggesting the prize winners the bbk tournaments. bitblocks tournaments will looking for teams professional players sponsor the most important competitions using source the bbk currency itself, making its mark the athletes' uniforms and other products linked the team. bitblocks the promotion professional face-to-face championships different regions with the aim attracting the interested public e-sports, commercializing paid registrations bbk and selling products with the coin logo hats, t-shirts, key chains, stickers, mousepads, etc. there will stands global organizations linked the digital technology and entertainment sector that will offer products such smartphones, games and accessories general with discounts for participants and receiving bbk. these championships will called bbk professional cups. bbk whitepaper sale specific products physical and virtual shops development stores and products bitblocks going assemble physical and virtual stores around the world and propose partnerships that products such games, consoles, computers, headphones and miscellaneous accessories can marketed bbk. for example, player from one country can buy equipment and games another country, without necessarily having use credit card, for that, using the blockchain technology the currency make the purchase. this would greatly increase audience any store targeted this segment across the globe and would relieve consumer interested necessarily having credit card get what they want. payment structure one the great benefits using blockchain provide freedom among people when comes payments without the existence centralized structures like banks credit card operators. can send resources anywhere the planet few seconds without having use the banking sector and pay increasingly abusive fees for this service. once physical virtual store accepts the payment bbk, will automatically profit would not have pay single penny the credit card companies. all know, all sales the trader pays percentage them. short, more profit and independence for those who sell. "we don't want revolve technology, want revolution the life people." bbk whitepaper development games bitblocks will developing interactive video games when partnered with other game systems, where rewards (point) acquired during the games can exchanged for bbk, therefore, the gamer can use them real life. the same way bbk will able used purchase items the game itself. for example, during warfare game the gamer will able upgrade their weapons (which are the game-purchases), buying with bbk simple and practical. summary bitblocks (bbk) cryptocurrency oriented business related entertainment technology, primarily digital and e-sports games. organizing amateur and professional tournaments with prizes from competitors are two bbk's objectives. addition these, bbk's proposal also used market equipment aimed this segment worldwide and develop interactive games with the use bbk means empowering the characters. with this, the tripod sets business-games-technology, which are the pillars its use. its maximum supply million and counts technology pos, masternodes, zero transaction fee, transactions per second and, the future, will have system governance. page bbk whitepaper road map bitblocks new code conduct. bitblocks swap. (it will take gmt coinexchange.io new bitblocks wallet available for download. bitblocks paper wallet ready for print. new whitepaper. web wallet and android wallet. website update. new exchanges listing bitblocks. first bitblocks e-sports tournament. don't shy! join our social networks! twitter: https://twitter.com/bitblocks discord: https://discord.gg/taafjqf telegram: https://t.me/bitblocks whatsapp: https://chat.whatsapp.com/xenefbdrgcjfbds website: https://bitblocksproject.com/ facebook: https://www.facebook.com/bitblocks/