bitcoin green: the sustainable, proof-of-stake bitcoin the bitcoin green team savebitcoin.io december abstract bitcoin green (bitg) sustainable cryptocurrency modeled after satoshi nakamoto's vision for bitcoin. decentralized, peer-to-peer transactional currency designed offer solution the problematic exponential increase energy consumed bitcoin and other proof-of-work currencies. proof-of-work mining environmentally unsustainable due the electricity used high-powered mining hardware. bitcoin green utilizes energy efficient proof-of-stake algorithm, can mined any computer, and will never require specialized mining equipment. the green protocol offers simple solution bitcoin sustainability issues and provides faster, more scalable blockchain that better suited for daily transactional use. contents introduction brief primer bitcoin proof-of-work: inconvenient truth unsustainable energy consumption network division: miners vs. users low network throughput and high fees waste computational resources the solution: proof-of-stake bitcoin green: the proof-of-stake bitcoin how bitcoin green distributed? the bitcoin green foundation conclusion references introduction satoshi nakamoto's vision for bitcoin has been nothing short revolutionary allowing for cross-border peer-to-peer payments and creating the world's first truly decentralized transfer-ofvalue network. bitcoin's underlying blockchain technology has also led the creation numerous decentralized networks which allow for smart contracts, identity protection, administration intellectual property, supply chain management, and plethora other unprecedented innovations. public awareness bitcoin and blockchain technology increases, the cryptocurrency market valuations. prices steadily increase more and more investors and speculators begin understand the true potential value blockchain technology. although the technology promising, there currently minimal public discourse regarding what steps need taken ensure the long term sustainability, proliferation, and survival the cryptocurrency ecosystem. bitcoin and other proof-of-work blockchain networks are heading towards cliff. that cliff unsustainable energy consumption. bitcoin's energy consumption increasing rapidly because uses highly inefficient consensus mechanism secure its network. bitcoin green, the cryptocurrency, transactional, daily-use currency designed provide scalable and sustainable alternative bitcoin. the underlying green protocol utilizes highly efficient proof-of-stake consensus algorithm that solves many bitcoin's sustainability and scalability problems. furthermore, bitcoin green can mined any computer laptop without specialized equipment. bitcoin green, the organization, aims shed light number critical issues facing proofof-work based blockchains and raise public awareness for the environmental and economic problems arising from such issues. brief primer bitcoin bitcoin was created pseudonymous author satoshi nakamoto and the world's first implementation blockchain technology. the bitcoin network large global network computers connected the internet. each computer called node. when someone sends some bitcoin cryptocurrency, the transaction beamed out all the nodes. each node then independently verifies that the transaction was not fraudulent. every few minutes, all the transactions that occurred that period are bundled together into what called block. fully process the block transactions and add the blockchain, public ledger all historic valid transactions, the nodes compete solve difficult math problem. the lucky node that arrives the correct solution first receives reward freshly-minted bitcoin and the block added the blockchain, assuming they didn not include any fraudulent transactions that block. this process solving difficult, computationally-intensive math problem called proof-ofwork, and the consensus mechanism which the bitcoin network secured. giving their valuable computing resources solve the math problem, nodes are then unable freely spam the network with blocks containing fraudulent transactions. furthermore, order fully hijack the network, more all the nodes would need monopolized, difficult task given how large the network is. miners are the competitors that play this problem-solving competition: they are nodes compensated for giving their computing power and verifying transactions. order increase the probability that they solve the problem first, and thus increase their profits, miners use extremely powerful computers with processors specially designed solve bitcoin's proof-of-work math problem, the sha- encryption algorithm. increase their expected profits, miners also operate large number these high-powered machines. thus, mining operation, each computer powerful and there are large number them. essence, the miners compete using more and more energy. the economics mining and proof-of-work has led exponential and unsustainable growth the energy consumption bitcoin and other proof-of-work networks. this bitcoin's fundamental problem that can, thankfully, solved alternatives the proof-of-work consensus mechanism. proof-of-work: inconvenient truth multiple critical problems stem from bitcoin's inefficient sha- proof-of-work algorithm. bitcoin currently facing four major problems: requires unsustainable amount energy splits incentives between miners and all other users has high fees and low network throughput consumes the world's valuable computational resources bitcoin green utilizes the green protocol, which has been designed solve all four problems. unsustainable energy consumption bitcoin consumes astronomical amount energy. currently, the bitcoin network uses more energy than countries. there are only countries earth. that means the world's countries use less energy than bitcoin. figure allows one visualize this. geographic regions highlighted orange consume less electricity than bitcoin: figure geographic visualization bitcoin's electricity consumption. zooming the user level, single bitcoin transaction consumes enough energy power over family homes the united states for hours. the bitcoin network grows the block difficulty increases, and turn the energy required mine each block also increases. long more people use bitcoin and the number miners grows, the network will use more and more energy. bitcoin's proof-of-work difficulty dynamically changes ensure block times stay within narrow range minutes. the difficulty has increased since january and continuing rise exponentially. december bitcoin increased another difficulty from the previous month. the bitcoin network currently consumes ,,, kwh energy. furthermore, bitcoin mining accounts for only portion all cryptocurrency mining. other currencies and "altcoins" begin gain popularity, their mining networks also increase energy consumption. the time this writing, litecoin consumes ,,, kwh per year, which means were country would fall number just above madagascar. ethereum, the second largest cryptocurrency, consumes ,,, kwh per year. dash, another popular coin, consumes estimated ,,, kwh per year. although these coins are more efficient than bitcoin, their net energy consumption still over third bitcoin's, and growing fast. all popular proof-of-work coins consume alarming amount energy. bitcoin mining growth continues its current rate, bitcoin will consume all electricity the world power that could used for homes and electric cars will increasingly redirected bitcoin's massive hardware network, taxing energy grids all over the world. this ridiculous energy consumption not necessary secure blockchain network and the first and foremost problem bitcoin green aiming solve. network division: miners vs. users proof-of-work splits blockchain networks into two interest groups: third-party miners and currency holders. cryptocurrency mining big business, with over billion annual revenue. the business model such: build warehouse region with cheap electricity, fill the warehouse with high-powered computers, mine bitcoin, and sell bitcoin for fiat currency pay expenses. miners make money both from the block reward freshly-minted bitcoin and from the transaction fees associated with each block they mine. high transaction fees means more profit for miners. smaller blocks also means more profit, more blocks are needed process fixed number transactions. the business mining the reason why bitcoin has gone through multiple forks: miners make more money with high transaction fees and smaller block sizes, while everyone else wants low transaction fees and bigger block sizes. this divide inevitably leads forks which destroy the valuable network effects essential cryptocurrencies' success. the problem that miners are not actually required hold the currency they mine. one coin ceases profitable for miners they can simply start mining another coin. fact, there are entire platforms that automatically allow miners switch between the most profitable proof-of-stake coins. miners not have prove the network that they actually care about the coin beyond its ability generate immediate profits. proof-of-work gives undue power miners because the network can only secured miners contribute their processing power. miners benefit from high fees and small block sizes, and thus incentives not align with currency users who would like for the network fast and cheap possible. this flawed system. the bitcoin green team believes blockchain network should designed have all participants' incentives aligned. low network throughput and high fees bitcoin currently designed fit only worth transactions per block. blocks transactions occur roughly every minutes. given these two constraints, the bitcoin network can only process maximum about transactions per second. compare this visa's transactions per second. since miners, who ultimately determine the fate network contributing processing power verify transactions, profit from smaller block sizes, economically highly probable that they will continue fight for maintaining the hard-coded blocksize. this was recently demonstrated the bitcoin cash hardfork august which sought increase block sizes mb. nearly all miners stuck with the original bitcoin network. the bitcoin network, users who send bitcoin can increase the fees they spend prioritize their transaction. periods high network congestion, users have been known spend significant amounts money get their transactions processed. figure shows how the average dollar cost transaction fees and block rewards paid miners has been increasing since bitcoin's inception. figure cost per bitcoin transaction, since proof-of-work causes both these problems indirectly giving undue power the miners. for these two reasons--low network throughout and steadily increasing transaction fees, bitcoin neither scalable nor sustainable. cryptocurrency becomes mainstream, bitcoin fees will only soar higher. these fees make impossible cheaply and quickly transact with bitcoin. waste computational resources cryptocurrency mining operations require high-powered computers perform proof-of-work calculations. this requires many specialized computer parts, including graphics processing units (gpus), application specific integrated circuits (asics), and field programmable gate arrays (fpgas). these are the very same components that are required the world's artificial intelligence researchers, computer scientists, medical researchers, gamers and game designers, animators, graphic designers, and video editors, amongst others. due the increasing popularity and profitability cryptocurrency mining, these critical computing components are becoming scarce. miners are currently using this hardware ensure network consensus via proof-of-work, however could used for the betterment society many other ways. those who need this computing hardware are forced settle for suboptimal hardware, pay inflated prices secondary markets, pay exorbitant fees rent the necessary hardware cloud computing platforms. large portion the world's critical computing hardware being used miners everyone else's detriment. grasp how much computing power tied the bitcoin network, helpful compare the bitcoin network the world's most powerful super computer, sunway taihulight. one metric measure computing power petaflops, quadrillion floating point operations per second. sunway taihulight can perform bursts petaflops. the bitcoin network currently outputs ,,. petaflops solve the proof-of-work problem and secure the network. this means the bitcoin network sucks computing power equivalent nearly copies the world's most powerful super computer. one can only imagine what could achieved that scale computing power was redirected perhaps towards areas computationally intensive research, such deep learning. the computing power bitcoin only continues grow, and this problem will only get worse, evidenced the network's exponentially, and nearly monotonically, increasing hashrate. the solution: proof-of-stake despite the bleak picture painted above, solution all aforementioned problems does exists: proof-of-stake. proof-of-stake energy-efficient, scalable, and intuitive consensus mechanism that uses economic incentives secure blockchain network. proof-of-stake mining allows coin holders mint new coins holding their coins collateral special staking wallet. proofof-work, your mining rewards are proportional the amount computing power you control the network. proof-of-stake, your mining rewards are proportional the number coins you hold the network. proof-of-stake miners hold their coin collateral staking wallet, which desktop program that can run any computer. holding collateral, "stake", you prove the network that you are economically incentivized follow the network's protocol. while staking, your staking wallet verifies transactions and mines blocks. when you successfully mine block you are rewarded just like proof-of-work miner would be. proof-of-stake, block rewards are distributed coin holders instead third-party miners. the cryptocurrency's inflation flows coin holders amount proportional their staked collateral. this key advantage proof-of-stake. there longer distinction between miners and everyday users. proof-of-work currencies, the cryptocurrency's inflation flows the third-party miners. this means that holders the coin are hurt inflation; their ownership the coin being diluted miners. this the same how individuals who hold fiat currency have their buying power constantly reduced central banks that print money. holding proof-of-stake currency and staking the same your native country's central bank sent you additional whatever the inflation rate is, your fiat holdings every year. although inflation has not prevented bitcoin's and other proof-of-work currencies' value from rising, all the inflation has been paid out third-party miners instead the holders and everyday users who are naturally the greatest proponents the currency. with proof-of-stake, all members the cryptocurrency ecosystem have their economic incentives aligned improve the network's technology and encourage widespread adoption, not slow the network down make less efficient increase profits for mining businesses. proof-of-stake works because requires users own very large amount currency order pose threat the network. under proof-of-stake consensus, user needs hold more than fifty percent currency order commit fraud. user buys majority stake and successfully approves fraudulent transactions, everyone else the network immediately made aware this malicious activity. the public would lose confidence the network and sell their coins, resulting significant loss value for the malicious user. instead requiring miners contribute computing power, proof-of-stake requires miners post cryptocurrency collateral. this way, proof-ofstake achieves consensus through economic incentives. proof-of-stake networks not require massive amounts computing power high-powered hardware, and are therefore extremely energy efficient and fast. fees are also considerably lower proof-of-stake cryptocurrencies. some the top blockchain networks currently use form proof-of-stake are planning switch the future, such ethereum. however, most these major proof-of-stake blockchains are smart contract platforms, not transfer-of-value, deflationary currencies like bitcoin. bitcoin green provides simple solution bitcoin's scalability problems, and the first sustainable bitcoin. bitcoin green: the proof-of-stake bitcoin the bitcoin green team has designed revolutionary new consensus mechanism which called the green protocol. the green protocol energy efficient, extremely fast, and combines proof-of-stake and masternode mining. the purpose the green protocol act sustainable replacement for bitcoin's current sha- proof-of-work algorithm. the green protocol employs proof-ofstake and masternode-only mining combination with fixed block rewards order create fair distribution coins. eighty-five percent bitcoin green block rewards for masternode stakers, stakers, and goes the decentralized governance pool (explained below). this structure each masternode equally weighted the bitcoin green network, and large wallets not get unfair benefits from compounding effects. this creates more equitable mining experience and coin distribution. the total supply bitcoin green fixed ,,, just like bitcoin. the green protocol based pivx and has been modified utilize both proof-of-stake and masternode consensus. there wasteful proof-of-work component bitcoin green. running proof-of-stake wallet requires more than one-tenth the energy required run single bitcoin miner. proof-of-stake wallets can also run extremely energy efficient computers, such raspberry pi. assuming all users are using average desktop computers, the maximum energy consumption bitcoin green ,,. kwh, bitcoin's current consumption. however, this consumption only possible max supply with all coins locked masternodes separate computers. this unlikely, and more modest estimate would put bitcoin green ten one hundred times less than full consumption. more reasonable assume that bitcoin green will only consume bitcoin's current total consumption. furthermore, will take many years before consumption anywhere near this level. bitcoin green has extremely low fees, with average transaction fee less than (assuming price per bitg). this significantly lower than bitcoin's current transaction fee about crucial feature bitcoin green the decentralized governance protocol. the network's block rewards network-locked address, pool, the governance protocol allows any masternode submit proposal for how use the pool's funds and put vote. the proposal could for using the pool's resources reward developers community members, fund foundation, donate charity, any number endeavors that would serve the bitcoin green mission. this ensures the bitcoin green ecosystem has source funding for perpetuity. furthermore, the decentralized governance protocol doubles voting system that will used determine future developments the network. this system will help prevent forks that destroy critical network effects. masternode holders will determine protocol decisions and vote make any necessary changes the blockchain that will enable the long-term survival and success the bitcoin green network. additionally, masternodes the network allow for privatesend and instantsend. this functionality allows bitcoin green act extremely fast and optionally private transactional currency, use-case simply not possible for bitcoin given its slow transaction times and high fees. bitcoin green features halving-reward mechanism similar bitcoin's, designed drive early platform adoption and incentivize early mining. there also fair-launch period approximately one week that ensures everyone has enough time configure their staking wallets after the initial launch. inflation schedule (masternode size: bitg) block number ,-, ,-, ,-,, ,,-,, ,,-,, ,,-,, block reward bitg (premine) bitg (fair launch) bitg bitg bitg bitg bitg bitg how bitcoin green distributed? initial coin offerings (ico) have provided revolutionary new way for blockchain projects raise capital border-less, unrestricted fashion. however, many token distributions are disproportionately favor the founding team and partners. some projects sell only third less their tokens and keep the remainder, distribute coins centralized fashion, allowing insiders receive massive allocations steep discounts. these practices destroy value for smaller ico participants who are forced buy higher prices. bitcoin green has designed its initial distribution ensure initial ownership decentralized and equitable possible. the premine for bitg, .%, the total supply million bitg coins. the remaining bitg will available for anyone mine with masternodes. this bitg equates masternodes. these masternodes will distributed the community, approximately masternode per individual, including the team members. masternodes will distributed the initial team members, each individual receiving masternodes for their efforts creating the bitcoin green blockchain. masternodes will reserved for development costs, exchange listings, awareness campaigns, partnerships, and promotion the bitcoin green mission here breakdown the initial bitg distribution: community distribution: uniform distribution bitcoin green early community supporters development fund: used fund future development the green protocol used build out technologies and transaction processing infrastructure awareness fund: used promote awareness bitcoin's sustainability problem used fund conferences, promotional materials, and other awareness objectives used donate environmental organizations and causes community fund: all these funds are distributed the community through airdrops, bounties, and contests can also used for promotional partnerships team fund: funds paid the team for work the project paid developers, awareness team, and influencers figure distribution bitcoin green premine (.% total supply) the bitcoin green foundation our objectives extend beyond building out sustainable, energy efficient, and secure cryptocurrency. aim publicize the problems surrounding proof-of-work cryptocurrencies with aggressive campaign promote awareness. part our long-term mission, will opening non-profit legal entity called the bitcoin green foundation. the bitcoin green foundation organization created bring awareness bitcoin's sustainability issues. furthermore, the bitcoin green foundation will focus education, teaching the public about cryptocurrencies and providing resources for investors and developers learn about alternatives proof-of-work. the bitcoin green foundation believes future without proof-of-work cryptocurrencies. our campaign promote awareness will essential part the success bitcoin green. conclusion are blockchain evangelists. believe blockchain technology will change the world more than the internet has. blockchain will add transparency corrupt governments, corporations, and other powerful institutions. blockchain will connect the world business, social, and political domains unprecedented extent. blockchain technology has enabled the first truly global economy, and undoubtedly here stay. believe that most the worlds inequalities and problems stem from third-parties getting rich without adding true value. they add costs, decrease transparency, censor content, and hinder innovation. our aim contribute the proliferation such lifechanging technology shedding light and solving the biggest problem facing blockchain networks today. bitcoin green the first sustainable bitcoin. the green protocol intuitive, scalable solution that solves bitcoin's sustainability and scalability issues. bitcoin green truly decentralized network that addresses the key shortcomings bitcoin. gives power the coin holders and will never require expensive, wasteful mining equipment. transaction fees will forever low, and the network will remain high throughput. bitcoin green faster, more scalable cryptocurrency that better suited for daily transactional use. references satoshi nakamoto. bitcoin: peer-to-peer electronic cash system. url: https://bitcoin.org/ bitcoin.pdf. power compare. bitcoin mining now consuming more electricity than countries including ireland most countries africa, url: https://powercompare.co.uk/bitcoin/. digiconomist. key network bitcoin-energy-consumption. statistics, blockchain luxembourg s.a.r.l. difficulty?timespan=all. difficulty, bitcoin charts. litecoin hashrate, litecoin-hashrate.html. bitcoin charts. ethereum hashrate, ethereum-hashrate.html. bitcoin charts. dash hashrate, url: https://bitinfocharts.com/comparison/dash-hashrate. html. adam jezard. world economic forum. bitcoin will consume more power than the world does today, url: https://www.weforum.org/agenda/// bitcoin-consume-more-power-than-world-/. url: https://digiconomist.net/ url: https://blockchain.info/charts/ url: https://bitinfocharts.com/comparison/ url: https://bitinfocharts.com/comparison/ nicehash. url: https://www.nicehash.com/. ittay eyal kyle croman. scaling decentralized blockchains. url: http://www.comp.nus.edu. sg/~prateeks/papers/bitcoin-scaling.pdf. thaddeus dryja joseph poon. the bitcoin lightning network. url: https://lightning.network/ lightning-network-paper.pdf. bitcoin vs. bitcoin cash hashrate. url: https://fork.lol/pow/hashrate. blockchain luxembourg s.a.r.l. cost per transaction, url: https://blockchain.info/charts/ cost-per-transaction. wikipedia. sunway taihulight, url: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sunway_taihulight. michael feldman. top.org. china tops supercomputer rankings with new -petaflop machine, url: https://www.top.org/news/ china-tops-supercomputer-rankings-with-new--petaflop-machine/. bitcoin charts, url: https://bitcoincharts.com/bitcoin/. blockchain luxembourg s.a.r.l. hash-rate?timespan=all. bitcoin wiki. why proof-of-stake would likely decrease long-run txn fees considerably, url: https://en.bitcoin.it/wiki/proof_of_stake#why_proof_of_stake_would_likely_decrease_ long-run_txn_fees_considerably. ethereum.org. proof stake faq, proof-of-stake-faq. bitcoin fees, url: https://bitcoinfees.info/. hash rate, url: https://blockchain.info/charts/ url: https://github.com/ethereum/wiki/wiki/