bitcash whitepaper what bitcash? bitcash cryptocurrency that helps consumers and businesses trade. combining the benefits decentralization with those internet banking, bitcash makes spending and accepting cryptocurrencies easy other currencies, like dollars yen. bitcash aims the world's most useable cryptocurrency, helping everyone enjoy faster, cheaper, and secure trading. bitcash also powers our innovative peerq platform that aims help facilitate adoption amongst the masses. what peerq? peerq quora-like platform that rewards users cryptocurrency for answering questions and completing tasks. what bitcash's mission? become the world's most useable cryptocurrency everyone can share the rewards decentralization. how will bitcash deliver its mission? bitcash will help overcome the barriers that deter businesses and the general public from entering the cryptocurrency space. specifically, bitcash will focus the following key areas: usability stability simplicity mass adoption peerq combines these four areas create familiar, easy-to-use platform that allows anyone gain access cryptocurrency. why does the world need bitcash? the benefits decentralized cryptocurrencies are well known: they include speed, privacy, security, efficiency, and lower fees. but far, few people have enjoyed them. while the market cap cryptocurrencies has grown rapidly over the last few years, attracting widespread media attention, they have yet seriously impact the way exchange value today. this partly because consumers prefer the familiarity credit cards and traditional currencies (fiat), bribed into maintaining the status quo incentives like reward points, insurance, and tap pay. just buying and storing cryptocurrency can technical challenge, and there are still too few places spend it. the challenge for businesses lack tools. cryptocurrencies offer huge advantages like zero chargebacks, faster settlement, and lower fees, but have yet allow basic tasks like printing transaction statements, recurring payments, importing ledgers into accounting software, and the very tools business needs run. bitcash overcomes these challenges helping consumers use bitcash currency, while providing businesses with the tools they need transact day-to-day basis. aim "borrow" the features today's fiat banking and combine them with the power cryptocurrency. this will encourage mass adoption, and turn, help more individuals and businesses enjoy the benefits decentralization. the peerq platform creates peer-to-peer knowledge economy. incentivizes participation, rewards the best answers, and provides real-world utility for the bitcash cryptocurrency. cryptocurrencies face adoption challenge global adoption only handful businesses currently accept cryptocurrencies form payment. just over venues the world accept bitcoin, for example (according coinmap's august figures). that's drop the ocean compared the millions accepting credit cards. venues accepting cryptocurrencies grew just over the last year. this rate, people could wait decades before being able spend their cryptocurrencies easily using their credit cards. ease use buying cryptocurrencies hard. you must download wallet, navigate complex software, and keep track passwords, transactions, and other data. the moment, it's easier buy couch online than buy worth bitcoin. unless make buying and using cryptocurrency easy fiat, we'll never reach mass adoption and the rewards decentralization will remain out reach. tax reporting issues many western governments consider cryptocurrencies "intangible property", subjecting them capital gains other similar taxes, depending the jurisdiction. you buy and then sell cryptocurrency profit, you could subject taxation. even you make loss, you might still have report taxation authorities. this rule, every time you buy something with cryptocurrency whether it's product service the transaction might taxable. and the moment, tracking cryptocurrency transactions absolute nightmare: you can't print statements, there's accounting software support you can't even see what you spent your money on. can't easily integrated online businesses once the general public starts filling their wallets with cryptocurrency, they'll looking for somewhere spend it. businesses that can't accept cryptocurrency could lose out others that can. the challenge therefore ensuring cryptocurrencies adopt the tools current banking systems, every business can participate. how will bitcash tackle the adoption challenge? bitcash solves the crypto adoption problem three ways: making simple buy, mine, manage, and use cryptocurrency. giving businesses the banking tools, they need accept cryptocurrency payments. through peerq, which quora like platform that rewards users with bitcash for answers and completing bounties don't believe cryptocurrencies will replace traditional currency (fiat). there's enough room for both each offers its own unique advantages. instead, bitcash designed work alongside fiat make everyday transactions faster, easier, and more secure. change takes effort. often put off until tomorrow what can today, regardless how persuasive the arguments. but all know, tomorrow never comes. bitcash therefore designed help the world move crypto-inclusive economy making cryptocurrencies easy use fiat. what makes bitcash different other cryptocurrencies? use most (if not all) cryptocurrencies today, you need good amount technical expertise. this complexity hinders mass adoption, many people don't have the time, energy, desire learn how use them. exchanges like robinhood and coinbase made easy buy and sell cryptocurrencies, but despite their popularity the cryptocurrency community, they've have had little impact mainstream adoption. bitcash, the other hand, designed for mainstream adoption. bitcash easy use, manage, and access fiat money. that makes bitcash the only cryptocurrency working deliver the benefits decentralization global scale. the peerq platform easy-to-use and requires technical experience. order achieve mainstream adoption vital that simplicity always the forefront. what features does bitcash offer? bitcash combines the convenience the world's internet banking systems with the security, speed, and efficiency decentralization. bitcash will the world's first decentralized internet bank, and includes the following features and usecases: peerq peerq social platform that rewards users for sharing knowledge. users ask questions, offer bounties, provide answers, and complete tasks earn bitcash. named accounts with named accounts, there more fiddling with messy blockchain addresses designed for geeks and crypto enthusiasts. stable currency feature bitcash stable addresses the problem price volatility when sending money third party, paying retailers, storing value. bitcash stable secures the value bitcash for the short, medium, and long term, making easier integrate into the financial system. transaction references buyers using bitcash can enter private record which only visible the buyer and seller this creates stored transaction records making easy see where your money went, manage your cashflow and plan for taxes. send coins via twitter, twitch and instagram tip anyone twitter, twitch instagram. recurring payments paying employees with crypto just became easier. set and forget, you can now pay your staff with cryptocurrency just like you can with traditional banking software. consumers can also now pay for their favourite subscription products using crypto. multiple accounts within one wallet just like your normal online bank account, the bitcash wallet will allow users create and label various accounts within the one wallet help consumers and merchants organise their transactions. printable e-statements your internet banking allows for easy statements, why shouldn't your crypto? with statements, both consumers and merchants can keep healthy records their transactions. bitcash payments anyone just like paypal you can send bitcash anyone the world, even they don't have bitcash address, nickname wallet. pre-sending verification the bitcash wallet verifies that bitcash address nickname exists before you can send that address. stealth addresses security added security ensure that your wallet safe and secure. one click mining simply open your wallet and click "start mining" earn bitcash. doesn't get any easier than that. what privacy features does bitcash have? stealth addresses bitcash introduces new kind stealth address. every time you send coins bitcash address, the coins will end another random stealth address. also, every time you use the same nickname, the coins will end new random receiver address. bitcash uses the same stealth address concept monero. for more information, please read pages and the monero white paper. monero computes the destination key from the sender follows: p=hs(ra)g+b the receiver can compute the one-time public key follows: p'=hs(ar)g+bg the receiver can compute the one-time private key follows: x=hs(ar)+b bitcash additionally had master public key and master private key removed the master private key with the hard fork july since that time bitcash uses the public key from the transaction block the bitcoin blockchain dummy public key replace the master public key. the assumtion that nobody knows the private key for this public key.also only use one public and private key for the addresses. only and used. and not used. the master public key known the public, but not known the public. the sender calculates shared secret through diffie hellman exchange with the receiver follows: s=ra the receiver can calculate the same shared secret follows: s=ar this shared secret used the sender encrypt the random data with aes encryption. this encrypted version can later decrypted the receiver with the shared secret password. the sender computes the destination key follows:p=hs(rm)g+a the receiver can compute the one-time public key follows: p'=hs(rm)g+ag the receiver can compute the one-time private key follows: x=hs(rm)+a the owner the master private key can compute the one-time public key follows: p'=hs(mr)g+a bitcash also stores bytes the real public key the receiver without any encryption. this enables bitcash find potential matching transactions much faster. before introduced this, the stealth addresses were very slow. the sender transaction can reveal prove that sent the transaction and enable any person check decrypt the stealth address and the description line. addresses with viewkey bitcash uses addresses with viewkey for the web wallet and the mobile wallets. the web server can store the view key recognize incoming transaction. the web server however not able spend any coins with only the view key. these addresses are longer and contain two full public keys, like the monero addresses. the public viewkey and the private view key. the addresses with viewkey are used the shared secret calculated with the viewkey follows: the sender calculates shared secret through diffie hellman exchange with the receiver follows: s=va the receiver can calculate the same shared secret follows: s=av this enables the receiver who knows the viewkey private key decrypt the encrypted random private key then the real address can decrypted: p=hs(rm)g+a non privacy addresses bitcash also provides special address format for non privacy transactions. these addresses are mainly intended for the exchanges. these addresses are faster compute than the stealth addresses. wallet contains thousands addresses preferable use non privacy addresses. for the non privacy address the shared secret calculated usual. but then only used encrypt the description line, but not encrypt the real address. description line bitcash introduces aes-encrypted description line field for all transaction outputs. shared secret calculated and used encrypt and decrypt the description line with aes encryption. the sender and receiver can calculate the shared secret follows: t=rm the owner the private master key can calculate the shared secret follows: t=mr this way the description line can decrypted the receiver and the owner the private master key. stable currency feature the bitcash stable feature, like other stable coins, was created address the problem price volatility when sending cryptocurrency third party, paying retailers, storing value. bitcash dollar secures the value bitcash for the short, medium, and long term, making easier integrate into the financial system. with the new bitcash stable feature, there are now two currencies stored the blockchain, bitcash and the bitcash dollar. one account the bitcash account and the other the bitcash dollar account. the bitcash dollar account has its own address with "dollar@" front the nickname address. for e.g. dollar@johndoe would send the bitcash dollar account and @johndoe the bitcash account. also, there will two send functions, one function send from your bitcash account and one send from your bitcash dollar account. bitcash bitcash bitcash bitcash dollar bitcash dollar bitcash bitcash dollar bitcash dollar bitcash dollar usd. when you hold your money bitcash dollar account, the value will always remain the same. keep mind, you can send the money from one bitcash dollar account another bitcash dollar account. you can also make payments bitcash dollars directly and there will price risk for the merchant. the benefits bitcash stable are groundbreaking. with this feature, you can send us$, someone across the globe and they would receive less than minute with minimal fees, conversion fees each end, middle man, hefty transaction fees for both parties, and having wait days for funds clear. the bitcash stable feature makes feasible for online merchant who may interested accepting cryptocurrency payment because they can now accept bitcash dollar without having sell instantly. instead, hold the coins their bitcash dollar account until they're ready sell. this will help entice more online merchants accept bitcash and/or bitcash dollars. how the stable feature works bitcash stores price pairs the end the block header. each price pair needs signed one private keys. bitcash checks all price pairs are signed different the private keys. each the price pairs consists one price which will used convert bitcash into bitcash dollars and another price which will used convert bitcash dollars into bitcash. bitcash will then take the average the two prices which are closed together calculate the effective price for the block. will calculate one effective price for the exchange from bitcash into bitcash dollars and one for the exchange from bitcash dollars into bitcash. bitcash stores one additional byte with the target currency for every transaction output. the moment two currencies are supported. bitcash and bitcash dollar. bitcash checks the price converted correctly (using the effective block price), the transaction inputs are another currency than the transaction output. all transaction inputs need have the same currency. the transaction outputs can have different currencies. bitcash uses two fields store the value the transaction output. one stores the value the currency the transaction inputs (nvaluebitcash). and one stores the value the currency the transaction output (nvalue). nvalue can change until the transaction has been mined into block. therefore nvalue not included into the transaction hash. how bitcash mined? mining bitcash simple. it's cpu-mineable cryptocurrency, anyone with computer can start mining bitcash little four steps: download the bitcash wallet for your operating system. install the bitcash wallet. open the bitcash wallet. click "start mining" the project develops, bitcash will release gpu miner allow miners direct their gpus bitcash, which will strengthen and grow the bitcash network. we'll embed the gpu miner into the bitcash wallet that nontechnical users can mine with the click button, without needing any batch files code. what proof-of-work algorithm does bitcash use? initially, bitcash utilized the cuckoo cycle algorithm. however, the network grew, some individuals were able manipulate this algorithm and gain unfair advantage over others the network. result, february utc, bitcash forked over the well known and proven algorithm. hashing algorithm, which based the classic uses sixteen chained hashing algorithms effort thwart the move asic mining for more information the algorithm, please the bitcoinwiki page. because there now asic miner available for xr, will moving from xrv soon. are adding the algorithm tiger into three seperate parts the current algo. the tiger hash performed before the algorithms luffa, keccak, and sha. how does bitcash handle difficulty retargeting? bitcash uses new algorithm for difficulty retargeting called virtual timespan retargeting (vtr). for bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies, difficulty retargeting happens after fixed number blocks for bitcoin). set the new difficulty, bitcoin compares the time took mine these blocks with the target time blocks minutes). since the difficulty stays the same for all blocks, the time between these blocks can compared easily. however, the bitcash vtr algorithm examines the time took mine the last blocks and changes the difficulty after every block. the problem with retargeting after every block that the difficulty constantly changes, it's not enough simply compare the time took the mine these blocks with the target time blocks minute). other cryptocurrencies have invented algorithms like darkgravitywave (dash) and kimoto gravity well try solve this problem, but they still don't calculate the correct difficulty. single miner mines blocks, the difficulty too low, but the algorithm will then try compensate making the difficulty too high, delaying discovery the next block. the difficulty can fluctuate for some time. bitcash's vtr algorithm offers simple solution this problem. first, take the time took find the next block for every the previous blocks, and then adjust that time the difficulty the latest block. this means multiplying the timespan between two blocks the latest difficulty, and then dividing the difficulty the block question. then add the times all blocks together create "virtual timespan". this estimate how long would have taken mine these blocks all had the same difficulty the last block. now can compare these virtual timespans with the target timespan minute) calculate the new difficulty. this algorithm will adjust the difficulty within short number blocks the right difficulty without overcompensating either direction. could even adjust for large changes mining power (by factor within blocks. how the bitcash team funded grow and promote bitcash? the bitcash project has physical offices any employees. the network coded, designed, and run volunteers from all around the globe, and anyone welcome contribute. ico fundraiser any kind ever took place. all code given away and published open source. bitcash was launched with premine and has ongoing block reward. peerq very strong asset for the bitcash project, seamless entry point into bitcash and can help facilitate mass adoption. with that being said, the block reward used redistribute bitcash into peerq bounties allow for those who not mine trade fair way gain access bitcash. the remaining bitcash from the block rewards used fund our discord bots. this allows for reward our community members for being active our community platforms. why are the premine and ongoing block reward important? the premine and block reward recognize the bitcash team's hard work and incentivize them keep making bitcash the best can be. the team worked tirelessly developing bitcash for over year before the official release date, and they plan continue developing bitcash long into the future. also vital that the block reward remains can create unique entry points into crypto and bitcash (peerq). what makes the bitcash team uniquely qualified deliver the promises described this white paper? the bitcash team comprises the best talent from cryptocurrency, blockchain, and other technology industries. together, have over years software development, web development, saas (software service), ecosystem building, and marketing experience. know how build incredibly easy-to-use software and then put the hands millions end users, well how build and maintain global brand. our expertise and experience place bitcash far ahead other cryptocurrencies our mission create the most useable cryptocurrency the planet. while we've decided remain anonymous, plan pricing our skillset and experience through our product, well the community build and nurture our way becoming the wellknown brand that helped cryptocurrencies mainstream. hope you'll join this incredible journey. how can you get involved with bitcash? below are just some the ways you can get involved bitcash: mine bitcash using your computer sign peerq and post questions and/or answers trade bitcash exchanges join the various bitcash social media groups reach out the bitcash team ask how you can help grow the community spread the word write and post useful articles and blogs about bitcash share your ideas with the bitcash team keep lookout for ongoing bounties peerq additional information about bitcash total supply: coins (before release stable feature) coin symbol: bitc coin units: bitcent bitc bitcent bitc bitcent bitc bitcent bitc bitcent bitc bitcent bitc bitcent bitc bitcent bitc bitcash bitc hash algorithm: (proof-of-work) changing over xrv block time: seconds join the discussion community... website: https://www.choosebitcash.com/ https://www.peerq.com twitter: https://twitter.com/choosebitcash discord: https://discord.gg/pycxu telegram: t.me/choosebitcash medium: https://medium.com/@bitcash github: https://github.com/willythecat/bitcash bitcointalk: https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=. explorer: http://explorer.choosebitcash.com exchanges: https://www.choosebitcash.com/exchanges.html mining pools miners: https://www.choosebitcash.com/poolmining.html mac wallet: https://wallet.choosebitcash.com/downloads/bitcash.dmg windows wallet: https://wallet.choosebitcash.com/downloads/bitcash-setup.exe