bitcoinhd: the crypto currency system based cpoc author aba https://btchd.org/ contents bhd introduction ................................................................................................ crypto currency................................................................................................... seeking alternatives............................................................................................. the four major problems ............................................................................... monopoly .............................................................................................................. power centralization............................................................................................ energy consumption .......................................................................................... existing poc currency design issues............................................................... why does bhd appear now?........................................................................... bhd technical solution ........................................................................... bhd distribution and mining mechanism...................................................... bhd economic model......................................................................................... bhd architecture and consensus mechanism................................................ miners mining procedure:............................................................................ plotting create plot file .......................................................................... generate nonce .......................................................................................... poc format.................................................................................................... plot structure.................................................................................................. mining and block forging............................................................................ mining process............................................................................................... block forging process .................................................................................. bhd technical characteristics............................................................................. blockchain....................................................................................................... possible attack and prevention design...................................................... transaction...................................................................................................... bhd tech roadmap.......................................................................................... bhd introduction bhd new crypto currency based the cpoc(conditioned proof capacity) mechanism. using hard disk consensus participant, can significantly lower energy consumption and entry barrier, making mining crypto currency safer, more decentralized and for everyone. bhd generates its unique value through mathematics and code. this white paper will explain and elaborate the monetary and technical attributes bhd. crypto currency when comes crypto currency, before the well-known bitcoin, the entire crypto community has begun experiment better international payment channel, such dai-wei's ripple and b-money ripple has been used the settlement between banks different countries, but never became quite popular was bitcoin, because considered too centralized for crypto currency. compared those decentralized crypto currencies, ripple has always been more appealing enterprise and business users, but less the crypto enthusiasts, because its token generation procedure does not involve incentivize the crypto enthusiasts. b-money causes network congestion due the need for network synchronization its design. that time, the network speed was not fast. during the sending and receiving currency, network lag often caused problems, sometimes user receives reply while waiting for network packet. the system was impractical for mass adoption. then bitcoin came stage with its own nakamoto consensus, which the asynchronous pow consensus. the early days, one was optimistic about this project. the consensus did not use simultaneous transactions ensure that transaction results are right, but instead adopted very interesting mechanism: the longest chain. that say, this distributed system, the nodes manipulates packages and composes the chain, which includes the transaction with the correct result. for this specific package appear, course, the nodes this system have jointly verify. only given timeout package and only when more people participate the accreditation before timeout, will this package reach consensus. this system, there situation where nodes can collectively bad things, that the correct transaction not packaged, and the transmission the network invalid. since asynchronous system avoids excessive communication the network, more suitable for multiple-step transactions, while the risk this mechanism lies with the possibility the majority cpu power being controlled dishonest nodes. good example the later appeared double spend attack. the last thing the financial system should roll back double spend, that also why bitcoin was not widely accepted the beginning over time, lot participants joined the system for the financial benefits. since the difficulty (for manipulating package mentioned above) the system raised, the cost harassing the working system has greatly increased for the bad guys. more stable the system, more profitable being honest rather than being dishonest. this time, people began realize the fascination this crypto currency and numerous fans appeared. after years difficulty increase, the btc system has gradually stabilized, making much harder double-spend rollback. also inspired the original teachings bitcoin, and gathered many crypto enthusiasts. also inspired the original teachings bitcoin, and gathered many crypto enthusiasts. this time, several new types crypto currencies had been born made forks and copies, many got attacked because their low computational power. the systems with low difficulty are unsafe and can easily attacked, while highly available systems need tremendous energy consumption. can put summary bitcoin tech features below. bitcoin was never aggressive using new tech, but chose adopt relatively mature technologies build safe and reliable peer-to-peer cash system.the more validated and simple the technology is, the more secure and trustworthy the system will be. for example, the sha algorithm nakamoto consensus, designed nsa (us national security agency), with proven reliability. seems that the initial design never considered the current asic (application-specific integrated circuit) and power monopoly issues, but focused pursuing ultimate system security, even sacrificed some the high efficiency high concurrency features internet. seeking alternatives when numerous resources are being used the mining procedure and costs are gradually increasing, crypto currency enthusiasts have started looking for alternatives lower power consumption two different ways: either using new consensus lower energy cost using more general apparatus lower the cost mass production. the golden age asic mining device and anti-asic algorithm implementation had come. the original intention ethereum and monero was resist asic, using different non-asic-friendly consensus keep the system away from asic manufacturers' manipulation while keeping the energy consumption low. however after period time, asic manufacturers still found ways design devices that would work with the corresponding algorithm. among those asic ones, litecoin has mentioned. started with scrypt which anti-asic mining algorithm, and soon asic manufacturers started producing asic mining devices that could work with scrypt. bhd provides the perfect solution for the issues mentioned above. brings method for crypto zealot make general apparatus while keeping the energy consumption low. meanwhile, bhd maintains relatively high difficulty level ensure the stability the system using its consensus proof capacity (abbr. poc). the poc consensus used bhd also one the most decentralized consensus mechanisms this era. compared with the pow, where hash power rules, the poc consensus ruled storage power, but slightly different from the cloud storage. poc utilizes hard disks more economical consensus method, that more people can participate construction the system-stabilizing hash power with their own devices. was the original intention nakamoto design pow, decentralized system and innovative path real decentralization for everyone, raising consciousness every new comer think about and overturn the existing design. bhd has inherited btc's spirit, now the new poc mechanism responsible for bringing better future for crypto currency, and engaging more people the construction the economic system. the four major problems monopoly, centralization computing power, high energy consumption, and the incompleteness existing pocs have become the four major problems the crypto industry. from the beginning its design, bhd aimed solving the four major problems. monopoly since its inception, bitcoin has always had the mission solve financial institutions' crisis confidence and issue monopoly. since the financial crisis nakamoto believed that the centralization the financial system would lead repetition the history, thus decentralization could effective solution for the economy. after all these years, what the current status bitcoin? the figure below shows value curve the entire cryptocurrency market led bitcoin. does not look like fluctuations the financial crisis cycle? which brings think bitcoin still decentralized. the technology bitcoin-core controlled the core developers, and the code update speed very slow, which can described code-centralization. bitcoin's computing power tremendous, ordinary people and personal computers cannot take part and can only trade exchanges, which indicates hash-power-centralization. bitcoin's block generation time relatively slow, about minutes per block, single digit tps (transaction per second) cannot provide the same experience the current internet. bitcoin core wallet did not make any ui/ux enhancement ten years, and there neither core mobile version, nor any consideration the current user experience, which indicates user-experience-centralization. some people are planning deploy lightning network, allowing more centralized companies join the nodes, turning the bitcoin system into centralized payment system with far worse user experience than visa. many believes that the existing bitcoin system needs changed overturned, keeping the decentralization spirit and involve everyone this revolution. bhd has more economical decentralization approach, using lower cost storage instead cpu/ gpu power. believe that centralization can cause crisis reappear, then need know that monopoly has eliminated avoid any risk potential crisis the crypto world. power centralization mentioned, the main reason for bitcoin prevail and successfully used the digital money that its hash power has been maintained relatively high level. bitcoin hash power was daily production was coins, every peta hash power generated bitcoin average, and consisted units tera hash power mining machine. here comes the issue, the price bitcoin can influenced mining machine manufacturers through adjusting the price the mining machine. thus crypto currency participants anticipate increase bitcoin's earnings, everyone willing mine with higher hash power machines, and enjoy higher possibility get rewards through packaging. the top four companies bitcoin mining account for about the mining share; the ethereum system has higher concentration ratio, the top three mining agencies account for the mining share. addition, the world bitcoin mining software and ethereum mining software are concentrated the data center, showing that bitcoin's operations are more corporatized. the figure below shows that now bitcoin's hash power about ,p. compared year the hash power has increased times, which means the difficulty has also increased times for participants. shown the figure below, the hash power has begun corporatized, organized pools nowadays, e.g. fpool antpool slush. hash power gradually increased, the mining machine manufacturers raised the difficulty coin generation making devices with improved configuration, kicking out many out-of-date device holders and discouraging large amount new entrant. bhd solves the problem using hard disk related consensus disperse centralized hash power. the existing pow crypto currency, each collision the hash value requires large amount calculation, which course also method managing difficulty. bhd writes the results each collision the hard disk pre-computed way. this also common time-for-space method reconstruct the entire calculation. that say, under different block difficulties, takes time and calculation, which takes power consumption differently. while the bhd system, long the hard disk has enough storage space contain sufficient amount answers the system can involve every crypto enthusiast the block generation process, without the need for repeated large amount calculations. bitcoin block generation process roughly like the scrabble game, combining hints with given characters form complete word. hard for beginners figure out what the word is, and not easy least time consuming even for the veterans. comparatively, bhd more like using search engine, e.g. google, find the word, since the results are all pre-calculated. the more words the database, the higher the possibility get the result. compared with bitcoin, bhd has much lower barrier entry, and much more accessible for every individual. the problem hash power centralization can resolved through such space-for-time approach. course, this just one the problems bhd targets. energy consumption the concentration hash power also brings about the problem high energy consumption. how much resources does the specific calculation consume? give example, the current energy usage level bitcoin enough generate electricity for italy, shown the figure below. that say, the resources used bitcoin could meet the needs rome, milan and venice, with combined population million. just popular saying all roads goes rome, the bitcoin makes its way rome, will also consume all rome's electricity. since most miners are mainland china e.g. bitmain the famous manufacturer will give chinese example. now that bitcoin hash power around ehash/s then the case peta computing power and yuan per kwh, takes about kwh the specific calculation, costing average yuan. china's high-speed railway consumes more than kilowatt-hours per hour. for the hour trip from shanghai beijing, the train needs use nearly kwh.the current energy consumption bitcoin more than enough for high-speed rail run return trip from beijing shanghai. what the energy consumption bhd according the comparison between current second-hand and current secondhand terabyte hard drive, the energy consumption ratio about that is, for usd equivalent electricity, asic takes watts, gpu takes watts. comparing those hard disk which cost around usd, the hard disk takes only watts. for spending hard disk devices with the same total amount money, the ones consume kwh monthly, while for mining bhd hard disk ones consume kwh, which equal only days electricity for average american family. that makes bhd more accessible for anyone interested participate and contribute the long term. with such huge difference, the energy saved can spent more entities rather than repeated consumption. unlike bitcoin which has slowly become game for only few, bhd's low power requirement keeps its door open for many. another energy related issue even more serious: pow's hash power reflected energy consumption, but energy controlled the national government most countries, hence with the expansion hash power, the impact energy will gradually increase. shown the figure below, the energy consumption bitcoin was twh october and decreased drastically twh january this fall computing power caused energy reduction affected the difficulty level the entire block and the profit mining machines. this disaster did not only hit bitcoin. the minor crypto currencies with pow consensus had take the risk forking. was deadly threat the correctness and validity the entire consensus. (chart from https://digiconomist.net/bitcoin-energy-consumption https://bitinfocharts.com/comparison/bitcoin-mining_profitability.html that say, the mining pool concentrated under any centralized institution, then the institution can influence the system's difficulty level and benefits adjusting the relevant energy resources. the computing power would drop dramatically due potential large-scale electricity power decline, which could even cause pow coin fork. the low power consumption bhd also provides effective solution this problem, through reducing the dependence energy and taking block generation approach that more suitable for long-term survival. the poc consensus low-energycost alternative the current high-energy-cost asic based ones. using the whole global hard disk storage medium, poc generates random numbers guarantee high level security, and ensures stability the blockchain infrastructure. existing poc currency design issues has anyone considered designing crypto currencies using the designs hard disks before? the answer yes, there was burst burst quickly promoted the poc mechanism and gained lot supporters, but the same time exposed some the inherent issues about the original poc mechanisms. with those mind, there has been series changes the bhd tech structure the beginning burst's design, there lacked proper incentive mechanism. huge part the coins was mined the supporters who joined earlier very low cost. without the team's promotion effort, the participants who entered burst later lacked motivation, and slowly this poc currency faded out sight. bhd adopts dual incentive approach, mining could done staking non-staking balance operation team's costs and miners' benefits: miners can get all the benefits when they are staking designated ratio; when the miners are withdrawing, the rewards are distributed the operation team. bhd uses the conditional approach ensure sustainable development the chain and continuous introduction new miners maintain long-term positive community development. why does bhd appear now? the existence the above four problems that made bhd come into being. the number crypto enthusiasts increases, the idea decentralization has gotten bigger. course, everyone who the industry wants able benefit. bitcoin energy consumption increasing each day, mining machine manufacturers are becoming more centralized. the crypto currencies based poc more demand now than ever. addition, poc consensus mechanism guarantees that the difficulty level can quickly controlled, accumulate enough maintain the normal operation the system, and reward the transactions. bhd superior the existing crypto currencies all the above areas. its technology has been improved the basis burst, and completely surpasses many other crypto currencies technical and community dimensions. compared the overhead energy assurance algorithm, believe that low power consumption can also give the algorithm enough credit ensure that everyone can use crypto currency the future more scenarios. bhd technical solution bhd uses poc the basis its consensus mechanism, ensures sound development the entire crypto currency designing long-term incentive economic model. the same time, has made some improvements the existing poc and upgraded the cpoc consensus. bhd distribution and mining mechanism total supply million development team million. way: pre-mined operation team million. way: obtain from blocks generated during miners mining miner million. way: mining avg. block time minutes initial block size bhd block block size halve period years, the first halving time about block height current tps transactions sec stake hard disk stake bhd. note: hard disk evaluated based computing power, not absolute values. the first month, after mining the genesis block, miner can mine with condition limitation. from the second month onwards, miner need follow the conditions start mining. the conditions are not satisfied miner, only the mining reward would the miner, would transferred the foundation for marketing uses; the conditions are satisfied, miner would get the mining reward, then the remaining reward would the foundation for marketing. conditioned proof capacity, cpoc, would lead the miners, mining pools, the foundation and other participants engage positive business cycle, that the whole system would always have dominant temporary commercial vested beneficiary (this vested beneficiary could change with variables such time, price and mining difficulty) promote the whole ecosystem. bhd economic model bhd economic model consensus mechanism has been upgraded based the burst poc (proof capacity) and called: cpoc (conditioned-proof capacity). the model will solve the problems listed below: economic model attack the main purpose miners mining the payback period, and the benefits will inevitably lead the sale all mining output, resulting market crash, lower prices and thinner profits. the cpoc mining model binds miner its ecosystem, and uses output mining future input mining, make the entire bhd system grow automatically. pow high maintenance cost requires huge amount power keep the chain with pow consensus safe. good days, works fine for each part the system, but hard times, miners have pay bills selling, and not easy keep the miners the system, they always have consider how much energy has been consumed. lack long-term economic incentive without operational incentive funds, the promotional efficiency and market confidence low. even the core technology might fail get continuous update. result, effective development and iterations are non-existent the long-run, the team may even create fork the subsequent version, and users will longer able tell which the mainnet. mining machine monopoly the pow consensus mechanism will inevitably lead race for mining machines. order obtain higher hash power, special-purpose mining machines with higher performance will developed inevitably, and ordinary people cannot participate mining. the cpoc mechanism much more accessible because slow iteration hard disk manufacturers and low entry barrier. traditional businesses, the vendor normally not competitor users. but the pow systems, the asic manufacturer the biggest miner. can easily understood that the miner's competitor the miner's vendor, since device suppliers take most the profit providing mining machines, miner radically the risk-free arbitrage asic manufacturers power resources monopoly the power resources monopoly leads pow ecosystem expansion, the cost mining exceeds the return. for those cpoc miners, the hard disks have much lower power requirement thus the return mining higher. the linear hedge ratio civil computer hardware can also taken into consideration ensure that miners can hedge the price fluctuation risk the secondary market under the condition relative safety and cost protection. bhd architecture and consensus mechanism the bhd wallet derived from bitcoin and the consensus from burst's poc bitcoin started jan the stability wallet and blockchain widely accepted after years iterations, safe and reliable implement the poc consensus the bitcoin wallet. burst coin started august and upgraded poc after years iteration. combining the advantages bitcoin and burst, bhd has currently become the most reliable public chain with poc consensus algorithm. since its launch august bhd has grown steadily computing power, withstood numerous tests, attacks, and cracks, and far major loopholes have emerged. adopting the mature poc mechanism, stable and reliable consensus mechanism introduced build community confidence the bhd public chain. since being compatible with burst plot files, miners can get both bhd and burstcoin benefits, with only additional operation. the bhd wallet inherits bitcoin's excellent network architecture and utxo system, which mature and stable. the wallet client could implement any latest developments from the bitcoin community: lightning network, script upgrades, and much more. the interface standard kept same that bitcoin, allowing users integrate easily. the cpoc ecosystem model includes mining pool, miner, crypto currency holder, wallet, exchanges and hardware vendor. the positive inner cycle and entrance outside resources would bring expansion and development this ecosystem, the rising price bhd would attract more miners; more miners coming the system will lead further price increase. the cost pow influenced four factors: cost dishonesty, cost mining, level difficulty and cost mining devices. the end, the pow would become another low gross margin industry, the former windfall profits was because insufficient scale, fluctuation secondary market and limited device vendors. when comes poc, due the relatively low power consumption hardware, miners can obtain other coins the future symbiotic ecosystem poc almost free charge without any risk. the cpoc system, could give miners the choice have most the profits, incur cost for them the holder other poc coins, and avoid any malicious act. the same time, the cpoc system attaches great importance the release distributional right and packaging right without barrier, which brings equity the system. bhd network architecture and the participants: miners mining procedure plot miner plots file local hard disk, and uses hash value fill the disk. the larger the storage space, the more hash value could filled, and higher block generation rate. hash algorithm uses shabal, which anti-asic. transaction wallet makes the network(inherited from btc): transactions happen between wallets. forging miner use wallet listen the network, once block received, the packaging process the next block starts. wallet composes block, sends the hash value the block miner, then miner finds the matching nonce. once wallet receives nonce, turns the nonce deadline, wait for the time end and then broadcast the block. verify receives the block, verifies it. plotting create plot file algorithms and acronyms shabal: shabal the name the crypto/hash function used bhd. rather heavy and slow crypto compared many other alternatives like sha. thus shabal good crypto for proof capacity coins like bhd, because store the precomputed hashes while still fast enough smaller live verifications. bhd uses the bit version shabal, which also known shabal. hash digest: hash digest this context byte (bit) long result the shabal crypto. nonce: when generating plot file, you generate something that called nonces. each nonce contains kilobyte data that can used miners calculate deadlines. each nonce has its individual number. this number can range between the number also used seed when creating the nonce, each nonce has its own unique set data. one plot file can contain many nonces. scoop: each nonce sorted into different places data. these places are called scoop numbers. each scoop contains byte data which holds hashes. each these hashes are xored with final hash (we get final hash while generating nonce chapter). plot id: when you create your plot file will bound specific bhd account. the numeric account used when you create your nonces. because this all miners have different plot files even they use the same nonce numbers. generating nonce the first step creating nonce make the first seed. the seed byte long value containing the plot and the nonce number. when this done start feed the shabal function get our first hash. have produced the first hash. this the last hash the nonce. hash now take this produced hash (#) and pre-append the starting seed. the result will now our new seed for the next round shabal computation. now have produced two hashes. hash and hash this time preappend hash the last seed used. the result will now new seed feed shabal. once again, have created new hash. this procedure pre-appending resulting hashes new seed will continue for all hashes create for nonce. after iteration have reached more than bytes the seed. for all remaining iterations will only read the last generated bytes. once have created hashes are now going make final hash. this done using all hashes and the first bytes seed. the final hash will now used xor all other hashes individually. have now created our nonce and can store plot file before continue the next nonce. poc format the poc nonce format created the same way poc with slight addition the end the process. create poc formatted nonce need shuffle the data around. the data shuffling process: dividing the nonce halves, get range with scoops and name the low scoop range and the high scoop range. take the second hash from scoop the low range, and swap with the second hash its mirror scoop found the high range. the mirror scoop calculated like this: mirrorscoop currentscoop plot structure when are mining read nonce from one more plot files. the miner software will open plot file and seek the scoop locations read the scoops data. the plot file unoptimized, the scoop location will more than one place. the following example the miner will seeking and reading scoop this not the most effective way since the miner will spend lot time seek new locations the storage device able read the scoops. prevent this, can optimize plots use plotter software that creates optimized plots from the beginning. optimization done reordering the data the plot file and grouping all data from the same scoop number together. basically, what have done divide the plot file into portions where split all the nonces data based scoop numbers. when the miner now wants read scoop only seeks one time and read all data sequentially. this provides better performance. mining and block forging algorithms and acronyms shabal sha curve shabal, sha curve the name the crypto/hash function used bhd. shabal the main function bhd. rather heavy and slow crypto compared many other alternatives like sha. thus shabal good crypto for proof capacity coins like bhd because store the precomputed hashes while still fast enough smaller live verifications. bhd uses the bit version shabal, which also known shabal. deadline when you mine and process plot files, you end with value called deadline. these values represent the number seconds that must pass since the forging last block before block-forging allowed. one else forges block during this period, you can forge block and get block reward. block reward you are lucky enough cast block, you will get bhd. this called block reward. for every blocks, the block reward reduced the initial reward bhds per block, which belongs the foundation. under full conditions, the miners'union gets bhds. base target base target calculated from the last blocks. this value adjusts the difficulty for the miners. the lower the base target, the harder for miner find low deadline. gets adjusted way that bhd can have average minutes for each block. network difficulty network difficulty, netdiff short, value that can read estimate the total amount space byte dedicated mine bhd. this value changes with every block relation base target. block height every block forged gets individual number. every new block forged gets the previous block's number this number called block height, and can used identify specific block. generation signature generation signature based from the previous block merkle root and block height, this value then used miners forge new block. generation signature bytes long. mining process the first thing that happens when you start mining, that the miner talks the wallet and asks for mining information. this information contains new generation signature, base target, and the next block height. before the wallet sends over this info, creates the generation signature taking the previous generation signature together with plot and runs this though shabal get the new hash. the miner will now take the new byte generation signature, and the byte block height, and put them together seed for shabal. the result will hash value called generation hash. now, the miner will small mathematical operation this hash find out which scoop number use when processing the plot files. this done taking the generation hash modulo there are only that many scoops next step for the miner read all the -byte long scoops from all nonces all plot files. will process them individually through shabal together with the new generation signature get new hash called target. this target now divided with base target and the first bytes the result the value deadline. target shabal (scoop data, generation signature) deadline target base target; prevent so-called "nonce spamming" the wallet, the miner usually checks the current deadline found lower than the lowest one has found far. usually there also max value that can set, ridiculously large deadlines are use anyone. after these checks, the miner submits information the wallet. this information contains the numeric plot bound the plot file, and the nonce number that contains the scoop data used generate the deadline. block forging process handling deadlines the wallet has now received the information submitted the miner, and will now create the nonce able find and verify the deadline for itself. after this done, the wallet will now check and see equal amount more seconds has passed defined the deadline. not, the wallet will wait until has. valid forged block from another wallet announced the network before the deadline has passed, the wallet will discard the mining info submitted since longer valid. the miner submits new information, the wallet will create that nonce and check the deadline value lower than the previous value. the new deadline lower, the wallet will use that value instead. when the deadline valid, the wallet will now start forge block. forging the wallet will start getting all the unconfirmed transactions has received from users from the network. will try fit many these transactions possible until hits the limit until all transactions are processed. for each transaction the wallet reads, will checks. for example, the transaction has valid signature, has correct timestamp, etc. the wallet will also sum all the added transactions amounts and fees. bhd wallet btc wallet bhd inherits the btc wallet code level, but differs from btc the following aspects: parameter total supply block time btc mins bhd mins block size halving cycle every years every years btc bhd initial block reward bhd expands the block size mb/block, blocks become larger, and single block can contain more transactions speed transfers. the avg block generation time set mins. block generation time halved and the transaction time has increased. initial reward set bhd/block, halves each years.the initial reward halved, giving the community more time develop, since early adopters are not taking too much advances, the miner community could share more profits. bhd technical characteristics poc consensus mechanism; -minute block generation time the transaction speed faster; block size improve network efficiency; zero knowledge proof will added once whole network capacity reaches uses hard disk mining, anti-asic, mine without special equipment; sustainable, low energy consumption, low noise; blockchain block includes proof sub block, signature sub block and transaction sub block the arrow indicates that the sub-block contains the signature the miner which has the arrow pointing the sub-block. our challenge generated sub-block hashed from blocks before current one. possible attack and prevention design while creating blocks, miners can try different transaction combinations, making the blocks created biased towards themselves. our block structure, the independence the proof sub-block prevents this attack. challenge grinding the process mining, miners can divide their space into parts then continuously refactor the blockchain then you can try ith block proof, making quality the biggest. based linear summation calculated quality according the above attack method, will result attacker having times chance get bigger quality redefining the blockchain quality, the gains from this attack can reduced. the calculation quality changed from linear superposition multiplication under this definition, the probability increase obtained the attacker will reduced log(m) the same time, let the challenge continuous block determined the same block, which will further reduce the impact the attack. transaction bhd transaction structure the same bitcoin that is, utxo utxo chain this type transaction design has also been available for many years, and also effective way achieve its basic properties. tech roadmap august the bhd genesis block was mined. initiated new mining method, and first month unconditional storage mining. sep bhd started conditional poc experiment. when the whole network computing power enters positive growth cycle, adds elastic economic model according the community consensus capacity size reaches peta bytes, implements zero knowledge function, improves tps. capacity size reaches peta bytes, upgrades poc consensus capacity size reaches peta bytes, builds the stable currency system using capacity standard, services for the application layer bhd committed becoming high value financial system that changes the way crypto currencies are produced.