whitepaper the revolution privacy fulfilling satoshi's vision for and beyond february peer reviewed authors: bitcoin private community jacob brutman, ph.d. jon layton christopher sulmone giuseppe stuto geoff hopkins rhett creighton www.btcprivate.org abstract the internet created the largest information sharing inflection point history. while there are countless advantages the easily accessible store information, humans have been required surrender their privacy exchange. too often, and through fault the end user, third party with inadequate security breached and sensitive information compromised stolen. better system needed that removes trusted middlemen and empowers any two individuals freely and securely transact. new cryptocurrency, bitcoin private, presented herein low-fee, fast, and private transactional network true fulfillment bitcoin creator satoshi nakamoto's roadmap. bitcoin private the product fork-merge bitcoin with zclassic. the resulting bitcoin private chain has significantly lower fees than bitcoin, along with transaction speeds four six times faster. most importantly, zk-snarks, peer reviewed privacy technology originally implemented the zcash foundation incorporated. zk-snarks allows for provably anonymous and private transactions accomplishment other privacy technology can claim. the utxo sets both zclassic and bitcoin will comprise the initial coins this new ledger. this means approximately million out million coins will exist fork time, ensuring that bitcoin private will have the lowest inflation ever exist the cryptocurrency universe. conclusion, this white paper discusses bitcoin private, its technological advantages, the commercial applicability, and the chain's potential for future development well its community-driven focus. table contents introduction fork methodology proof-of-work: equihash transparent vs. shielded transactions voluntary miner contribution program treasury fund governance the future bitcoin private commercial applications community-driven project conclusion acknowledgments references important disclosures and other information iii introduction for most written history, transactions have been private and fairly anonymous. the information transaction was only disclosed the sender and the recipient. recently, the large majority financial transactions have become facilitated technology, making increasingly difficult maintain financial privacy. the most common methods payment (e.g. credit/debit card, applepay, etc.) result all the information transaction being stored digitally. while there are immense benefits that come with these transaction methodologies, should not preclude the utility financial privacy for the average consumer. considering how often breaches occur within large financial institutions resulting significant leaks personal and financial information, clear there need for financial privacy options., furthermore, various financial institutions have been caught selling customer data, well blocking legal transactions with valid legal basis. october satoshi nakamoto released the academic article titled "bitcoin: peer-to-peer electronic cash system" which the foundation for the first cryptocurrency was detailed. satoshi's vision was create currency which enabled removal third party institutional control transactions, limited inflation, and monetary freedom through anonymity. since the launch bitcoin over different cryptocurrencies have been created and immense progress has been attained. indeed, many new cryptocurrencies far outpace bitcoin terms transaction speed and fees. regardless, bitcoin still remains the most popular cryptocurrency due its first mover advantage and significant number base-pairs available for trading. the bitcoin blockchain grew through the years, notable issues began arise including fixed, small block size (which led higher-than-practical fees), slow block time min average), long difficulty adjustment period (every weeks), and the development/mass-production advanced application-specific integrated circuit (asic) mining devices (for rapidly calculating sha-; this algorithm key consensus parameter) leading further centralization. order for bitcoin address these items, migration over its miners would have consent changing the code they are running; to-date, such event has happened. this has driven the creation hard forks bitcoin (such bitcoin cash and bitcoin gold), enable some these technological improvements. for example, bitcoin cash remodeled allow for larger block sizes (>= mb), which reduces fees and increases transaction throughput. however, this did not come without tradeoffs its price potential was damaged because its lack fixed block-size and "fee market." the fee market the bitcoin mempool challenges transactions big-and-small compete against the opportunity cost each other; this makes the value its ownership even more urgent, causing higher demand. bitcoin gold took another route, instead reducing the block time min), switching the pow algorithm equihash (asic resistant), and introducing enhanced difficulty adjustment algorithm, which occurs every block (bitcoin cash later instituted difficulty adjustment every block november, largely satisfied its goal gpu-compatible bitcoin fork, but lacks the widespread adoption bitcoin, and the developers performed premine cash grab which many argue less than ethical given that happened behind closed-doors. despite the best intentions, bitcoin forks have indisputably remained second bitcoin the cryptocurrency markets the core satoshi's vision, many find themselves drawn technology's capacity manifest deflationary unit financial value that also allows enjoy and leverage anonymity. the "right privacy" crowning liberty the free world, and essential the principles set forth satoshi and the cryptocurrency community. financial privacy critical principle satoshi's vision new digital currency world, however, many people are still stuck crossroads with pseudo-anonymous transactions blockchains. furthermore, there are government and private sector organizations that leverage massive datasets and machine learning identify the individuals associated with such transaction. indeed, bitfury capable de-anonymizing bitcoin transactions january figure that increases daily and will markedly alter the cryptocurrency hemisphere the years come. this lack privacy relation bitcoin ironic given the original intent its creator, although, there exists solution. various cryptocurrencies have attempted solve this privacy issue. unfortunately, many these are still capable being compromised through various techniques, due their on-chain transaction systems that promise anonymity through obfuscation tor nodes. groundbreaking research paper mit researchers discussed "zero-knowledge non-interactive arguments knowledge", zk-snarks. remarkably, cryptocurrencies that implement zksnarks allow for shielded transactions funds are completely anonymous with transaction address balance appearing the ledger. the authors this research developed and launched zcash, the first cryptocurrency incorporate zk-snarks. "founder's tax" was incorporated into the code zcash, allowing the development team and early investors collect coins mined the community. after listening closely the mining community, rhett creighton decided fork zcash just days later, eliminating the founder's tax and creating zclassic zcash platform built transparency through community development. unfortunately, zclassic suffered from the same ideas which derived its greatness: the absence founder's tax led lack active development. however, there are various governance methods which can prevent this stale development. bitcoin private, supposed "fork-merge" bitcoin and zclassic, intended add privacy and spendability the bitcoin blockchain while remaining cognizant the challenges, choices, and failures prior forks. accomplish this, bitcoin private will use larger block size mb), shorter block time min), and asic-resistant (gpu-friendly) proof-of-work (pow) algorithm for mining equihash. furthermore, due the dual nature this fork-merge, more the crypto-community will find themselves involved. after the snapshot, zcl and btc (segwit normal) addresses will receive btcp for both) the same address. this first-of-its-kind fork and the open source blockchain community finally beginning fully explore the malleability utxo sets. table comparison bitcoin private, bitcoin, bitcoin cash, and bitcoin gold. bitcoin private bitcoin bitcoin cash bitcoin gold total supply million million million million privacy zk-snarks block time min min min min block size equihash sha sha equihash every block weeks every block every block yes community-driven yes governance yes pow algorithm difficulty adjustment closed premine fork methodology for bitcoin private, "fork-merge" proposed, whereby the utxos two cryptocurrencies are combined into one blockchain. this will formally happen off the zclassic blockchain, since zk-snarks and joinsplit transactions are fundamentally part this new blockchain. one can liken the solving blockchain chain-growth polymerization mechanism: when the next block solved, the blockchain grows, just polymer grows upon the reactive addition monomer the polymer chain end. however, while longer polymer chains are generally desirable they impart increased toughness the resulting plastic, increasing the blockchain size results increased storage consumption well significantly longer node sync times. fortunately, this snapshot will only need retrieve the address state from bitcoin and zclassic single point time, which will carried the new chain. this approach effective and results significant reduction storage required the blockchain, this case reducing from only (at launch). additionally, the bitcoin private clients will support blockchain pruning and spv techniques like electrum order reduce the burden the blockchain user devices. significant issue that any fork must handle so-called "replay attack," which post-fork transaction the original blockchain made valid the new blockchain. all coin forks must have replay protection order ensure legitimacy and independence from the original blockchain. safeguard against replay attacks from bitcoin and zclassic, bitcoin private will feature two-way replay protection. this studied problem, and are using the industry standard approach which will incorporated two-way manner stated above. this already implemented, and are using the industry standard approach (sighash_forkid), which well-studied and has worked successfully for bitcoin gold. the snapshot bitcoin and zclassic set for the first blocks timestamped after utc february with the fork/main-net launch occurring approximately days later. after launch, there will approximately mineable bitcoin private. starting block reward bitcoin private has been selected along with halving every blocks year). however, this experiment proves unsuccessful, alternative plan can implemented, which outlined section proof-of-work: equihash discussed the introduction, mining bitcoin predominantly performed asics, specialized instruments capable significantly outcompeting gpus. unlike gpus, asics are far more difficult acquire and have led significant centralization bitcoin mining. indeed, igor homakov has suggested that over bitcoin network hash rate located china. meanwhile, asic resistant algorithms are far more likely decentralized gpus are more readily available throughout the world. decentralization the network hash allows for significantly more democratization the blockchain, decreased susceptibility attack, and ensures that the cryptocurrency generated via mining, well associated fees collected, are spread throughout the community evenly possible. this further prevents the ability few miners influence the blockchain development well manipulate the market via mining significantly large amounts the cryptocurrency. bitcoin private will utilize the highly-regarded equihash pow algorithm, which was developed alex biryukov and dmitry khovratovich the university luxembourg asymmetric proof-of-work (pow) mechanism. unlike other asic-resistant pow algorithms, equihash based the "birthday problem" and the enhanced wagner algorithm utilized solve it. furthermore, equihash features "memory hardness" whereby steep computational penalty associated with reduction memory usage and speed. this feature increases the asic resistivity equihash due the cost implementing more memory into asics make them competitive with gpus even cpus. the authors the original paper discuss that while memory hardness does not protect against botnet-based cpu mining, the large amount memory consumption would extreme, such that the userbase infected pcs would notice significant difference performance and take necessary actions remove the infection. transparent vs. shielded transactions bitcoin private amalgamation two transaction systems transparent and shielded transactions. transparent transactions operate the same principles bitcoin input, output, amount, and signature. sources all funds, destinations, and amounts are stored transparently the blockchain. shielded transactions, conversely, encrypt these details into special section block called the joinsplit. these transactions are verifiable but indecipherable third-party observers. when spending shielded notes, the integrity the blockchain kept via specialized zero-knowledge proof algorithm called zksnarks. this algorithm runs series computations show the input values sum the output values for each shielded transfer. then, the sender proves that they have the private spending keys the input notes, giving them the authority spend. finally, the private spending keys the input notes are cryptographically linked signature over the whole transaction, such way that the transaction cannot modified party who did not know these private keys. this entire methodology relies the zcash trusted setup: zcash launch, keys necessary for zero knowledge proofs and private transactions were generated and subsequently destroyed; this was called "the ceremony." doing this, the system can ensure "one-time strong unforgeability against chosen message attacks." voluntary miner contribution program create treasury for the maintenance and development bitcoin private, voluntary miner contribution program was launched. this program, bitcoin private are auctioned miners total zclassic donated the bitcoin private treasury fund via hash power. the payout for any given miner the program can determined the following equation: ,/zp where the payout for the miner, the zclassic mined the miner, and the total zclassic mined the entire pool. the bitcoin private are generated the fork and deposited the corresponding wallet addresses provided each miner. the pre-fork zcl multi-sig wallet that was established for this program will contain zclassic and subsequently forked into btcp establish treasury for development, bounties, continued marketing and the overall development bitcoin private the community. this one several methods address the original zclassic stale development issue. some regards, this program could seen "premine" which concept the bitcoin private contribution team vehemently opposed to. however, premines have generally been performed and directly for the core group and that not the case here. this instance, the mining community able voluntarily choose donate funds exchange for incentivized early access mining bitcoin private. furthermore, due the auction-like style the program, the mining community able choose how much each zcl donated will worth collective (see equation above): this type free-market methodology the core satoshi's original vision for bitcoin. these funds will used for exchange listings (%), development (%), marketing (%), and general/administrative (%). treasury fund governance treasury fund governance council has been assembled from three members the community and two members from the mining community, which has been incorporated btcp developer community, llc. the time publication, jacob brutman, ph.d. (operations lead), giuseppe stuto (marketing lead), and peter hatzipetros (general counsel) represent the community, while adib alami and evan darby represent the mining community. bylaws document for the council has been prepared well. the future bitcoin private improving privacy across the board important piece the bitcoin private project. currently, zk-snarks quite ram and cpu intensive during signing the transaction, which can take few minutes. one the first improvements implemented post-fork the new sapling, termed "jubjub," currently under development the zcash core development team. this new sapling will allow for significant improvement the speed and user-friendliness shielded transactions for zk-snarks privacy coins. another methodology for improving the privacy bitcoin private utilize the "dandelion" privacy project currently under development. this technique involves the "stem" (the transactions) and the "fluff" (obfuscation). while any obfuscation procedure inherently less secure than zk-snarks, dandelion obfuscation could added both transparent and shielded transactions bitcoin private, improving privacy across the board. allowing for blockchain improvements bitcoin private great importance the project. bip has been incorporated into the blockchain allow for soft forks and thus, improvements. after the proper coding for improvements has been finished, the miners are asked signal readiness accept the chain code change. when miners accept the change, becomes "locked in" and the soft fork completed. however, the miners not signal readiness within the specified time, the soft fork will fail, and changes will take place. support and development the bitcoin private project will rely continued treasury fund collection manner other than mining pool donations. however, the bitcoin private contribution team strongly opposes any sort imposed taxation its community without democratic vote favor such. therefore, one the first proposed changes via bip will involve treasury fund collection parameters. this way, the miners are able choose what suitable amount they are willing donate collective ensure the future success the program. stated section the low amount mineable bitcoin private remaining after the fork could cause some problems, including extremely low network hash rate. possible solution offer the removal coins that remain unmoved from before the fork. this implementation chosen, approximately all unmoved bitcoin private coins from the fork would removed daily over the course two years. this scenario, bitcoin private coins would removed equally across all wallets: each wallet with unmoved bitcoin private will lose ca. its coins per day for years. this methodology would free significant portion coins for miners while giving ample time for users move their forked coins. furthermore, the low percentage daily removal should prevent any shock the market cap occurring. backup measure, "difficulty bomb" has been implemented into bitcoin private allow for significant future development, similar manner with ethereum. when utilized, the difficulty bomb will applied the old blockchain code, reminding miners adopt new code base for continued improvements. this method considered last resort and will only used under extreme circumstances. potentially, the bomb could implemented introduce new governance system, such as, but not limited to, the system featured decred. this will allow for further democratization and decentralization the bitcoin private blockchain. currently, the difficulty bomb date set for march however, hardforks can utilized extend this date indefinitely. noncoincidentally, the first halving will occur around the date the difficulty bomb; this will allow for changes made should the low inflation experiment prove unsuccessful. commercial applications payment processing continues one the most profound use cases bitcoin today. merchants have likely transacted over billion equivalent bitcoin for the year using bitcoin payment processing companies such bitpay. wallet users this very same company secure over billion worth assets per month and send over billion wallet wallet per month. just the internet brought new, revolutionary method payment, cryptocurrency doing the same. consumers expect certain level convenience when comes transferring value exchange for goods and services, and this why payment processing the web has become commonplace. along with this expectation convenience, there assumed level privacy that comes with such transaction. unfortunately, over the past two decades there have been entities who profit off creating online "profile" consumer tracking online credit card transactions. this incredibly invasive and serves large supporting premise for why consumer would want transact online with cryptocurrency. despite the technical design the most popular cryptocurrency, this privacy can longer expected the blockchain. however, bitcoin private could fulfill the privacy needs consumers via zk-snarks transactions. bitcoin private will play major role peer-to-peer and commercial transfer digital assets. offers vendors tested, secure, and widely adopted cryptocurrency technology with the added benefit provable anonymity and privacy. potentially, hundreds thousands natural use cases will come bitcoin private commercial use. while other z-protocol coins could capable fulfilling this role, generally none have opted succeeded. this likely due the high cpu and memory requirements shielded transactions; however, the release "jubjub" sapling will allow for mobile shielded transactions. the bitcoin private contribution team has strong desire bring the cryptocurrency into mainstream acceptance, allowing for widespread usage. therefore, vendorfriendly shielded-transaction service will released shortly after the new sapling. top the standard web vendor use case, mobile wallet platforms could utilized store and transfer bitcoin private via transparent and shielded transactions brick and mortar applications. furthermore, this same platform could used any user and would not limited stores. now, bitcoin private has already been approached various vendors and merchants for use payment option for their merchandise. percentage these commercial transactions could collected for the bitcoin private treasury which could nullify the need for treasury collection via mining. community-driven project many cryptocurrency projects, whether utility tokens coins, claim community-driven and open source. while this true extent, core development team typically exists which controls the entire future the project. few exceptions exist (e.g. decred) whereby the community has actual control the future, however, development teams are still often closed doors. while community members can suggest modifications the corresponding code, these requests may unnoticed. the bitcoin private project represents true community effort, with over contributors currently (feb. and growing daily. various initiatives have been implemented which separate bitcoin private from other community coins. for instance, worldwide, multilingual ambassador program has been launched whereby members the community can actively engage helping promote bitcoin private and increase the community. furthermore, bitcoin private has opened "call for developers" which anyone can apply, even those new blockchain technology, and contribute meaningful way the project. those without prior experience are able learn from this developer program and become proficient blockchain technology/engineering. these two programs combined have added over one hundred new contributors span few days, expanding our daily contributing team well over members. the size the bitcoin private contribution team shows the project's dedication its community-driven inspiration and feat that other cryptocurrency has achieved the best the team's knowledge. this showcases the truly decentralized nature bitcoin private's development conclusion bitcoin private cryptocurrency developed and maintained diverse community. team members from around the globe collaborate daily make this project success. they so, because they believe the project fulfills satoshi's original vision financial freedom via fast, low-fee, decentralized, and private transactions. bitcoin private's forward-thinking inclusion the bip soft fork proposal will allow for future developments, and included difficulty bomb will advance alternative governance methodologies should bip prove ineffective. the commercial applications bitcoin private are numerous: from fast global transactions purchasing local stores. this merger bitcoin's vast, dedicated following and shielded transaction technology zclassic will usher new era provable and trustless blockchain privacy. acknowledgments would like acknowledge the mining community for their generous donations via the voluntary miner contribution program. would also like thank the molecule caffeine for helping the team push through many long days and nights; without coffee, this project could not have been possible. many thanks are also required our amazing development team you are the foundation which rely. finally, would like thank the entire bitcoin private community you are the backbone this project and would not here without you. references dutch banks tax agency under ddos attacks week after big russian hack reveal. https://www.bleepingcomputer.com/news/security/dutch-banks-tax-agency-under-ddosattacks-a-week-after-big-russian-hack-reveal/ (accessed feb. the biggest data breaches the century. https://www.csoonline.com/article//data-breach/the-biggest-data-breaches-of-thest-century.html (accessed feb. what chase and other banks won't tell you about selling your data. https://www.forbes.com/sites/adamtanner////what-chase-and-other-banks-wont-tellyou-about-selling-your-data/#eacaafc (accessed feb. santander totta has known legal basis block bitcoin related transactions says portuguese consume watchdog. https://www.ccn.com/santander-totta-has-no-known-legalbasis-to-block-bitcoin-related-transactions-says-portuguese-consumer-watchdog/ (accessed feb. nakamoto s.; bitcoin: peer-to-peer electronic cash system. list cryptocurrencies. https://cryptocurrencyfacts.com/list-of-cryptocurrencies/ (accessed feb. premine endowment. https://bitcoingold.org/premine-endowment/ (accessed feb. brandeis, l.; warren, s.; the right privacy. "bitfury group de-anonymizes over the bitcoin ... the merkle." jan. https://themerkle.com/bitfury-group-de-anonymizes-over--of-the-bitcoin-network-with-newblockchain-analysis-tool/ (accessed jan. ben-sasson, chiesa, garman, c.; green, m,; miers, i.; tromer, e.; virza, zerocash: decentralized anonymous payments from bitcoin. interpreter.cpp. https://github.com/btcprivate/bitcoinprivate/blob/babbdbaedeedbbf f/src/script/interpreter.cpp#l (accessed feb. homakov, stop. calling. bitcoin. decentralized. https://medium.com/@homakov/stop-calling-bitcoin-decentralized-cbddc (accessed feb. biryukov, a.; khovratovich, d.; equihash: asymmetric proof-of-work based the generalized birthday problem. zcash how zk-snarks works zcash. https://z.cash/technology/zksnarks.html (accessed feb. btcp developer community, llc bylaws. https://btcpfoundation.org/bylaws.pdf what jubjub? https://z.cash/technology/jubjub.html (accessed feb. bitcoin developers reveal roadmap for 'dandelion' privacy project https://www.coindesk.com/bitcoin-developers-reveal-roadmap-dandelion-privacy-project/ (accessed feb. bip. https://github.com/bitcoin/bips/blob/master/bip-.mediawiki (accessed feb. what the ethereum difficult bomb. https://themerkle.com/what-is-the-ethereum-difficultybomb/ (accessed feb. decred documentation. https://docs.decred.org/ (feb. bitcoin transactions aren't anonymous everyone hoped. https://www.technologyreview.com/s//bitcoin-transactions-arent-as-anonymous-aseveryone-hoped/ (accessed feb. google now tracks your credit card purchases and connects them its online profile you. https://www.technologyreview.com/s//google-now-tracks-your-credit-card-purchasesand-connects-them-to-its-online-profile-of-you/ (accessed feb. important disclosures other information all content original and has been researched and produced bitcoin private unless otherwise stated herein. part this content may reproduced any form, referred any other publication, without the express consent bitcoin private. this paper for informational purposes only and does not constitute offer sell, attempt solicit offer buy sell any security any jurisdiction where such offer solicitation would illegal. there not enough information contained this paper make financial decision and any information contained herein should not used basis for this purpose. this paper does not constitute personal recommendation take into account the particular investment objectives, financial situations, needs readers. readers should consider whether any advice recommendation this paper suitable for their particular circumstances and, appropriate, seek professional advice, including tax advice. the price and value cryptocurrency referred this research, and the income from them, may fluctuate. past performance not guide future performance, future returns are not guaranteed, and loss original capital may occur. fluctuations exchange rates could have adverse effects the value price of, income derived from, certain investments. information provided about bitcoin private not intended be, nor should construed used investment, tax legal advice, recommendation, offer sell, solicitation offer buy, bitcoin private coins. certain statements contained herein may statements future expectations and other forward-looking statements that are based bitcoin private's views and assumptions and involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results, performance events differ materially from those expressed implied such statements. addition statements that are forward-looking reason context, the words "may, will, should, could, can, expects, plans, intends, anticipates, believes, estimates, predicts, potential, projected, continue" and similar expressions identify forward-looking statements. bitcoin private assumes obligation update any forward-looking information contained herein. although bitcoin private has taken reasonable care ensure that the information contained herein accurate, representation warranty (including liability towards third parties), expressed implied, made bitcoin private its accuracy, reliability completeness.