bitcoin gold (btg) www.btcgpu.org press@btcgpu.org support@btcgpu.org abstract. bitcoin gold community-led project create experimental hard fork bitcoin new proof-of-work algorithm. the purpose for doing this make bitcoin mining decentralized again. satoshi nakamoto's idealistic vision "one cpu one vote" has been superseded reality where the manufacture and distribution mining equipment has become dominated very small number entities, some whom have engaged abusive practices against individual miners and the bitcoin network whole. bitcoin gold will provide opportunity for countless new people around the world participate the mining process with widely-available consumer hardware that manufactured and distributed reputable mainstream corporations. more decentralized, democratic mining infrastructure more resilient and more line with satoshi's original vision. perhaps, the bitcoin gold experiment judged the community success, may one day help build consensus for proof-of-work hard fork bitcoin itself. introduction bitcoin was created for many different reasons and every day, people find new reasons adopt bitcoin. one the historical reason that people not trust states banks any such intermediaries control their money. one the central component the bitcoin architecture mining. simply put miners verify every transaction and compete with each other get rewards. get the reward, miner has solve math problem before anyone else the network. back the days, miner would any geek with computer, willing trade electricity for bitcoins. today, miner usually huge warehouse full very advanced computers, constantly running solve the math problems fast possible. becomes more and more difficult mine bitcoin, more capital required operate profitable mining operations. they often are located country where the electricity very cheap. today, great majority the miners are located china because they have access cheap electricity. satoshi nakamoto's white paper, one the main idea was that every cpu was going equally important part the network. want bitcoin shared and independent currency. don't want any fat cat drive our monetary architecture. the importance miners the network constantly growing. preserve the independence the bitcoin ecosystem from miners' influence, some people thought that would good idea change the bitcoin protocol such way that more people can have access bitcoin mining. that's why bitcoin gold was born, order bring bitcoin mining back the "people". origins bitcoin gold july jack liao, ceo lightingasic and bitexchange, made announcement that was working hard fork bitcoin change the proof-of-work algorithm from the sha algorithm originally selected satoshi nakamoto equihash. the effect this change will enable whole new class individuals and businesses participate mining this new branch the bitcoin blockchain without being required purchase specialized equipment that primarily manufactured one firm that competes against its own customers with newer, more efficient versions the old equipment that sells high markup. given the dysfunctional current reality the bitcoin mining sector, wonder that there tremendous appetite for proof-of-work change hard fork. since the bitcoin gold project was announced, has grown rapidly, attracting developers, miners, and supporters from across the globe. mechanics hard fork bitcoin distributed consensus system. all bitcoin full nodes are running software that enforces the same consensus rules; full nodes that enforce different consensus rules are not part the bitcoin network, definition. miner finds new block that follows the network consensus rules and broadcasts the network, all full nodes the network will accept that block and all the transactions valid, and miners will build the next block top that one. blockchain hard fork occurs when block mined that does not comply with the network consensus rules. prior btc block bitcoin nodes and bitcoin cash nodes were still enforcing the same consensus rules and accepting the same blockchain valid. but from that block onward, bitcoin cash's new consensus rules came into effect, which caused bitcoin nodes reject blocks that were mined miners using bitcoin cash software, and bitcoin cash nodes reject blocks that were mined miners who continued mine with bitcoin software. thus, the network bifurcated. the bitcoin blockchain continued add new block every minutes average, but bitcoin cash began building new blockchain that branched away from bitcoin. this had the effect creating new cryptocurrency that shares the same transaction history and ownership distribution until the fork block, but then diverges from it. bitcoin gold changes different consensus rules than bitcoin cash did, but will fork from bitcoin the same manner enforcing new consensus rules predetermined btc block height. the new rules will come into effect block from this block onward, bitcoin gold miners will begin building new branch the bitcoin blockchain. this new branch cryptocurrency with same transaction history and ownership distribution bitcoin the fork block; you hold btc, you will automatically receive equal amount btg. here are some the differences between bitcoin gold and other forks bitcoin: proof-of-work algorithm bitcoin mining proof-of-work system that implements distributed timestamp server peer-topeer basis." this how the bitcoin manages maintain consensus across vast, globally-distributed, permissionless network nodes. satoshi nakamoto chose sha the algorithm use the original design bitcoin's pow system. sha served bitcoin well during the early years its existence, but bitcoin became more popular and more valuable, competition mining became more fierce. skilled engineers from small number companies developed application specific integrated circuits (asics) that could perform sha calculations millions times faster and more efficiently than any other computer. this made non-specialized computer hardware obsolete for mining bitcoin. satoshi's vision "one-cpu-one-vote" was replaced one-asic-one-vote. now, the only way participate bitcoin mining buy hardware from one those manufactures the biggest which believed manufacture over the global supply sha asics. this has led situation where one entity can hold the entire network hostage, and this exactly what happened when the backwards compatible segregated witness upgrade was blocked faction miners, despite there being universal consensus from bitcoin experts that should activated. order counteract this concentration power the mining sector, bitcoin gold will implement new proof-of-work algorithm equihash. replacing the sha algorithm means that all the asics designed for bitcoin will useless for mining bitcoin gold. equihash memory-hard algorithm that can most efficiently solved gpus standard type computer and smartphone hardware that manufactured mainstream companies and available around the world. with asic manufacturers out the picture, bitcoin gold will provide opportunity for whole new class entrepreneurs and investors get involved with mining. bitcoin gold mining will decentralized again, closer satoshi's original vision. asic-resistance permanent attribute bitcoin gold. much more difficult create asics for memory hard algorithm like equihash than sha, however not impossible. the day ever comes when equihash asics begin proliferate and mining begins centralize again, bitcoin gold will have another hard fork implement new pow algorithm. difficulty adjustment algorithm bitcoin, the difficulty mining adjusts every blocks (approximately two weeks) order maintain average interval minutes between blocks. the average time between blocks was less than minutes, the difficulty will increase; the average time was more than minutes, the difficulty will decrease. bitcoin gold will adopt difficulty adjustment algorithm called digishield the idea behind look how much time has elapsed between the most recent block and the median set number preceding blocks, and adjust the difficulty every block target minute block interval. this more responsive difficulty adjustment algorithm extremely useful protecting against big swings the total amount hash power. such swings can result extreme deviation from the normal minute target block interval. bitcoin cash attempted protect against this risk implementing "emergency difficulty adjustment" algorithm, but that had the catastrophic effect causing sometimes blocks mined one hour, and other times more than hours between two blocks. replay protection the risk replay attack inherent every cryptocurrency hard fork and has taken into consideration protect users from losing their funds. hard fork exact duplicate the blockchain, and such, transaction that broadcast publicly the network can replayed both sides fork, unless replay protection implemented. bitcoin gold will implement solution called sighash_fork_id replay protection. effective two-way replay protection mechanism that enforces new algorithm calculate the hash transaction that all the new bitcoin transactions will invalid bitcoin gold blockchain and vice versa. bitcoin gold will implement replay protection before the launch. unique address format default, both sides cryptocurrency hard fork will continue use the same address format. that means it's possible send coins address the other blockchain unintentionally, which can cause users lose funds mistake. bitcoin cash, for example, hard fork that did not change the address format; its addresses are indistinguishable from bitcoin addresses. there have been many reports people accidently sending their btc bcc address and vice versa. some cases these coins could permanently lost. order ensure that this potential confusion does not exist bitcoin gold, unique address format will implemented. the prefix pubkey_address and script_address will changed new prefix (yet determined) that can easily distinguished from bitcoin addresses. how acquire bitcoin gold the hardfork will occur block acquire free bitcoin gold you simply have hold bitcoin the time the fork. you hold btc that time, you will automatically receive equal amount btg the same address (new and old address format are convertible), spendable with the same private keys, when the bitcoin gold network launches november. also very important make backup your private key and/or keep the mnemonic phrase required recover your wallet. however, you have your btc exchange custodial service without access the private key, then you have make sure that the service will support bitcoin gold after the fork. you have any doubts about that, then you would advised transfer your btc one the many reputable services that will support it. timeline step the hard fork occurs: 'snapshot' the blockchain taken usually hard fork will happen the same time when bitcoin reaches the fork block. however, bitcoin gold uses different way launch the hard fork: "taking snapshot" the bitcoin blockchain before the fork block height instead forking immediately, the bitcoin gold network will launch few days later from that snapshot. when bitcoin reaches the block nothing special will happen. bitcoin block will mined with sha normal. block will mined the bitcoin gold network because not launched yet. however, when the full node client bitcoin gold ready few days later, instead mining from the latest bitcoin block, bitcoin gold will start mine its own block top block bitcoin gold full nodes will only accept block that mined with equihash, they will not recognize btc block valid btg block. the same time, bitcoin already have longer blockchain. that's why it's called "snapshot hard fork". didn't follow the common realtime hard fork pattern because pow change means there will always gap between the fork block. the first equihash block will block the bitcoin gold blockchain, and from that point gpu miners participating the bitcoin gold network will begin mining more equihash blocks top it. this way, the bitcoin blockchain will bifurcate and new coin bitcoin gold (btg) will created. everyone who holds btc block will then control equal amount coins the btg blockchain branch, which can spent any time the future with the corresponding private keys. step the btg blockchain activated you have btc paper wallet, hardware wallet, multi-signature address, any other form secure private key storage, you will able spend your corresponding btg any time the future. there expiration date for your btg. you have btc cold storage that you did not plan touch for many years, not change your plans because this fork. your btg will still there decades from now. hard fork the one and only opportunity get initial btg. after that time, your options acquire will buy exchange like any other cryptocurrency, mine with your own computer hardware (gpus), earn trading your goods and services for it. cryptocurrency exchanges are custodial businesses, which means they control your private keys, not you. when the bitcoin gold fork occurs block height any exchange that holding btc your behalf will also receive the corresponding btg. while they should credit your account with the equal amount btg, there legal authority that can force them so. the bitcoin gold home page will display the names and logos exchanges that have promised credit their users with btg the ratio. your exchange not shown, please consider transferring your btc supporting exchange withdraw personal wallet where you control the private keys. financial strategy order support the current and future development bitcoin gold, the first blocks after the fork will have reduced difficulty level that will allow the development team mine these blocks very rapidly, and then the new difficulty adjustment algorithm will kick and everyone will have the opportunity mine equal footing. result, the bitcoin gold development team will manage the total coin supply, which will the main source funding for all future development this project, including valuable research and testing that may one day help bring about consensus for proof-of-work change bitcoin itself. the initial btg mined the bitcoin gold (.%) development team will held multisignature wallets. the funds will time-locked and released proportional amounts over the course three years cover the development costs. all significant expenditures will made fully transparent according the best practices similar open source projects. the majority funds will allocated developer bounties, which will published issues the btcgpu github repository. everyone able participate the bitcoin gold developer bounty program; win the bounty, you must provide the open source code that meets the specific requirements. the bitcoin community will able support these bounties buying holding btg, the price the coin will determine how strong incentive these bounties are, and how soon these features can created. keep mind that most these development bounties are designed benefit the entire bitcoin ecosystem, not only the bitcoin gold fork. bitcoin gold itself was designed feature bitcoin, not rival. some these essential functions will performed full-time employees while others will outsourced third-party professional services. all these expenditures will made transparent possible without compromising operational security. bitcoin gold btg startup expenses bounties and app collaboration pre-fork costs community development initial reward for core team yearly expenses total bitcoin gold btg time-locked funds; released per year development ecosystem community total future development: core protocol lightning network bech addresses sidechains cross-chain atomic swaps decentralized exchange operational and infrastructure costs: servers: full nodes continents dns seeds website domain fee system administration security and penetration testing third-party future social action: economic development fund: btg debit card program (latin america) decentralized fiat-crypto brokerage network (global) blockchain education fund: investment the content creators and influencers who most effectively contribute rising bitcoin awareness and adoption. gpu mining infrastructure fund: small/mid-scale individual/business loans for gpu mining hardware operations. developer bounties for user-friendly mining applications that can bring mining nontechnical, multi-lingual audience. future communication costs: meetups and developer conferences social media design assets press releases conclusion bitcoin gold free open source project that was created small group bitcoin enthusiasts from diverse backgrounds. contrast the other prominent bitcoin forks, bitcoin gold was specifically designed from the beginning inspire innovation the bitcoin ecosystem and give value the vision decentralization. whereas the others were born from hostility and ambition dominate, bitcoin gold arises from desire protect bitcoin and ensure that not only maintains its position the dominant cryptocurrency but continues grow until its liberating roots stretch deep into the economic life all nations.