de-centralized currency blockchain technology. open source. community run and maintained. disclaimer please note that this document not prospectus. was constituted for informational purposes only, order present bitcointoken products. aware that purchase necessary. you are free take part the project not. your responsibility review the existing laws your country before buying bitcointoken. you must read, understand and accept the terms this document before involving yourself the project. abstract bitcointoken de-centralized currency blockchain technology. open source. community run and maintained. currency ultimately owned the people who possess it, financial system owned individuals not large entity. bitcointoken not ico but radical step towards repeating and improving the legacy the original bitcoin creating de-centralized currency, the people for the people. unlike other cryptocurrency ventures that seeks sell all almost their entire tokens during their ico, bitcointoken designed majorly distributed awards adopters for maintenance and continual improvement the project. the remaining large portion tokens are airdropped freely. this again another attempt start movement crypto community that can not controlled major donors financial investors but each person the community adds value the currency. instead nodes people. instead business decisions, passionate people adopting new way thinking and transferring money through blockchain technology. introduction from usd march usd february this course, the price-value btc (bitcoin) dollars. bitcoin which started cryptocurrency, digital asset designed work medium exchange that uses cryptography control its creation and management, rather than relying central authorities. the bitcoin network came into existence with the release the first open source bitcoin client and the issuance the first bitcoins, with satoshi nakamoto mining the first block bitcoins ever (known the genesis block), which had reward bitcoins even when had significant price-value. lot investors and traders from numerous parts the world have since then, found profitable and comfortable participate the economy this currency. cryptocurrency, which started with the introduction bitcoin, has now led the presence over crypto-based coins the world. this technology (cryptography) which works with transparent ledger system, known blockchain has made its marketplace convenient one for everyone. new solution needed with larger adoption bitcoin has run into problems like scalability. it's price-point daunting investors for common day usage. mining resources sustain the network have become astronomical energy consumption. the time and fees the have made the currency un-usable for day day transactions with waiting periods minutes longer. these; among others, are the problems that inspired the creation bitcoin token (btk). despite the challenges associated with bitcoin, lot investors still want participate its market. this end, btk introduced platform for easy, fast, affordable and efficient use bitcoin. the solution centered around giving people (btk community) the ability comfortably use bitcoin through scalable alias btk. our vision one ailment the crypto-currency world over-technicality and confusing jargon. believe that blockchain technology can delivered larger user-base with simplicity, and less confusion. bitcointoken striving one the leaders adoption digital currency for everyday use. intend simplify and bring the powerful peer-to-peer ledger system into the hands every day people who will utilize for everyday transactions. our vision accomplish this put the community and the people first. regularly speak ourselves community currency and enjoy the simple comments and interactions new users blockchain technology. allow them dictate how should make things easier and more effective for their use. also are community run and desire set the framework open source system where this currency will perpetuate with the community control not large investor any larger centralized entity. desire for btk remain and continue decentralized currency for the people. objectives e-commerce applications bitcointoken looking make the bitcoin currency easily transferable and liquid-able for purchasing power. are already talks with various companies that believe are spearheading the way forward integration with all major existing e-commerce online platforms. the current rates can low cents, this makes our solution strongly competitive with paypal stripe who charge .%+ for each transaction money. our goal have bitcointoken available used small businesses websites method payment donation transfer funds. technology upgrades bitcointoken provide stable cryptocurrency that will trusted and adopted. are currently utilizing the ethereum blockchain have started erc token under their system. our circulation tokens billion with decimal point and our contract address is: xdbfbbddfacefd. the ethereum platform trusted and utilized very large companies and very forward thinking blockchain. have discussed amongst developers the need continue evaluate the long-term durability the eth blockchain and need start our own blockchain. have not closed the door this possibility depending the adoption rate bitcointoken and it's scalability issues. educating users bitcointoken very sensitive the need educate people blockchain technology simple user-friendly fashion. this objective close the heart the project putting people and their needs first ensuring adoption the technology easy and even fun. our platform open source and also spreads further education and forward thinking the blockchain technology, spurring innovation. world-wide community bitcointoken has, since its foundation, been world-wide currency. developers from many countries, advisors, innovators and volunteers social media have been from varied parts the world. this has become part our dna cater the needs translation work and adoption blockchain technology countries all over the world. this another way that blockchain technology disrupting the financial sector that rewarding not only the rich but poor any part the world. are excited have team members joining from all walks life and social status part bitcointoken. usability bitcointoken will make blockchain technology less daunting for the end user and give people renewed confidence this pioneering way transferring funds through peer peer digital network. from our custom applications partnerships with like-minded teams, are seeking make this technology user-friendly possible. project aspects anonymity allow for further innovation and for anyone since the beginning bitcointoken there has take part improving bitcointoken. been desire from many the team large pre-mine members remain anonymous their contributions. this has helped the team focus the main project and ensure steady growth. see the same the original vision bitcoin, anonymity was also part its success. our goal results that are tangible user-interaction and adoption and not focus the developers behind the scenes. decentralized many erc tokens starting are used businesses that are centralized entities. the original vision blockchain technology operate way that peer peer and not part any centralized hub. the genius this technology that runs and works apart from the control any one individual. are disseminating the currency way that will not allow for whales large investors certain extend own the currency the beginning. this gives equal fair share for investors all types. being token and not mineable currency are ensuring wide distribution varying amounts. large airdrop airdropping token currencies fad right now stunt for many new tokens starting. are looking airdrop not just part the currency but the lion-share large-user base. investors bounties whether utilizing the eth blockchain starting our own, the goal will ensure de-centralized model maintained. open source keeping with the spirit many projects the crypto world desire open source with everything that developed. from wallet apps any e-commerce applications. everything will open source released onto github after initial development this will airdrop this will set apart from many the tokens innovation and improvement the starting that are essentially doing small blockchain technology important but airdrop boost recognition their branding. not being used becomes just test-tube estimate much will experiments but not applied real-life. airdropped being the other used for believe its adoption large user-base bounties, investor funding and rewards (not even non-crypto minded people that the payment) for initial development work done technology will have adapt and change and for bitcointoken. this will bring innovation otherwise not thought of. community big focus the development strong and simplicity large community that active and helping question asked over and over again this dictate the future the bitcointoken currency. project "can done more simply." the see the value the currency its complexity many systems that utilize community and this will ensure the long-term bitcoin technology narrow the field durability development, innovation and use usability. bitcointoken strives unique bitcointoken. amongst digital currencies keep things simple, user-friendly and even fun use. mass-adoption important aspect this project its outward focused goal mass adoption rate. our growth what has been accomplished? bitcointoken has grown fast pace and many have remarked how well and fast the project growing. the cryptocurrency world very face paced technology and things move quickly. seek follow pace with fast-growing innovation, and implement the most effective and new technical additions our currency. here short list some accomplishments the past month (with this current rate growth could one the leading tokens matter time): the @bitcoin_token twitter account has grown over engaged followers, with twitter audit over real followers. have started over twitter language translation accounts, each with active #btk team member running each channel. telegram following over members has also been achieved through very little promotion it's channel, along with over active #btk team admins. have distributed bitcointoken over addresses, along with current campaign giveaways and bounties that will add addresses that number the very short term. our general airdrop will increase that number over currently bitcointoken (btk) listed officially exchanges (token store, stocks exchange, fork delta). there are other exchanges are negotiating with. the active #btk community has initiated voting with larger exchanges and have significant numbers some these vote lists that compete with and even supersede other well known established currencies. development almost complete for referral based #airdrop script that will increase our twitter following estimated followers. this script will allow send out the bitcointoken #airdrop these followers via smart contracts. the #btk team growing daily with new developers, marketers, and volunteers all types committed passionately the project. roadmap what next for bitcointoken? constantly thinking forward and are carefully planning for the successful implementation various responsibilities and opportunities ensure the success bitcointoken. !first quarter addition smaller exchanges for more liquidity for bitcointoken and investment potential. completion and launch referral script smart contract code garner possible followers through this #airdrop continue recruit developers work various projects such native bitcointoken (btk) app development. possible partnership with crypto acceptance platform for e-commerce applications for business integration and promotion. add twitter language accounts. establishing the #btk team telegram channel for meetings and discussions order allow for greater community involvement and leadership the social media realm. translation and release the official [ann] announcement languages. "second quarter addition medium sized exchanges for more liquidity for bitcointoken and investment potential (and also spur price growth). reaching out other like-minded community focused blockchains for ways work together and cross-pollination active communities. expect price growth over this period time with our currency being listed coin market cap and other coin price listing sites. finishing referral #airdrop program and payout all referral btk rewards. add additional twitter language accounts try reach the goal language accounts total. continued development native bitcointoken (btk) ios and android wallet app. #third quarter addition medium sized exchanges for more liquidity for bitcointoken and investment potential. partnership with e-commerce integration businesses ensure adoption bitcointoken for small businesses and online spending. beta testing release the native bitcointoken (btk) ios and android wallet app. translation native bitcointoken (btk) ios and android wallet app into languages. $fourth quarter addition larger exchanges for more liquidity for bitcointoken and investment potential. addition bitcointoken into currency into on-demand exchangers. the possible release the native bitcointoken (btk) ios and android wallet app stores. looking beyond (-) the fast-pace crypto world everything can change one year! our main longer goals would larger user-adoption and on-going development our app. integration with cutting edge platforms into e-commerce and other methods transferring monetary value. will continually petitioning for larger and more extensive open source development help and ensure public free decentralized platform for the furthering the project. intend see increased value and use bitcointoken over time. joining with #btk bitcointoken tremendous opportunity for someone who looking invest blockchain technology. believe with large user adoption and holding the currency there will increased value and demand for bitcointoken (btk). many projects start with ico's pre-made business models that ensure that the company entity first reward. intend reverse this where the people themselves are rewarded early adopters for pro-longed period time. join us! part crypto-currency history and enjoy the benefits for yourself. our currency available variety exchanges, but our recommended avenue for investors the token store safe trust-less decentralized exchange) that have partnered with initially and will continue that relationship. welcome your questions and ideas, are here serve you: talk@btk.community legal general information bitcointoken does not have the legal qualification security, since does not give any rights dividends interests. the sale bitcointoken final and non-refundable. bitcointoken are not shares and not give any right participate the general meeting bitcointoken board director. bitcointoken cannot have performance particular value outside the bitcointoken platform. bitcointoken shall therefore not used purchased for speculative investment purposes. the purchaser bitcointoken aware that national securities laws, which ensure that investors are sold investments that include all the proper disclosures and are subject regulatory scrutiny for the investors' protection, are not applicable. anyone purchasing bitcointoken expressly acknowledges and represents that she/he has carefully reviewed this white paper and fully understands the risks, costs and benefits associated with the purchase bitcointoken. knoweldge required the purchaser bitcointoken token undertakes that she/he understands and has significant experience cryptocurrencies, blockchain systems and services, and that she/he fully understands the risks associated with buying bitcointoken well the mechanism related the use cryptocurrencies (incl. storage). bitcointoken shall not responsible for any loss bitcointoken situations making impossible access bitcointoken, which may result from any actions omissions the user any person undertaking acquire bitcointoken well case hacker attacks. risks acquiring bitcointoken and storing them involves various risks, particular the risk that bitcointoken may not able launch its operations and develop its blockchain and provide the services promised. therefore, and prior acquiring bitcointoken, any user should carefully consider the risks, costs and benefits acquiring bitcointoken and, necessary, obtain any independent advice this regard. any interested person who not the position accept understand the risks associated with the activity (incl. the risks related the non-development the bitcointoken platform) any other risks indicated the terms conditions should not acquire bitcointoken. important disclaimer this white paper shall not and cannot considered invitation enter into investment. does not constitute relate any way nor should considered offering securities any jurisdiction. this white paper does not include contain any information indication that might considered recommendation that might used basis for any investment decision. bitcointoken are just utility tokens which can used only the bitcointoken platform and are not intended used investment. the offering bitcointoken trading platform done order allow the use the bitcointoken platform and not for speculative purposes. the offering bitcointoken tokens trading platform does not change the legal qualification the tokens, which remain simple means for the use the bitcointoken platform and are not security. bitcointoken not considered advisor any legal, tax financial matters. any information the white paper provided for general information purposes only and bitcointoken does not provide any warranty the accuracy and completeness this information. bitcointoken not financial intermediary according swiss law and not required obtain any authorization for anti money laundering purposes. acquiring bitcointoken shall not grant any right influence over bitcointoken's organization and governance the purchasers. regulatory authorities are carefully scrutinizing businesses and operations associated cryptocurrencies the world. that respect, regulatory measures, investigations actions may impact bitcointoken's business and even limit prevent from developing its operations the future. any person undertaking acquire bitcointoken must aware the bitcointoken business model, the white paper terms and conditions may change need modified because new regulatory and compliance requirements from any applicable laws any jurisdictions. such case, purchasers and anyone undertaking acquire bitcointoken acknowledge and understand that neither bitcointoken nor any its affiliates shall held liable for any direct indirect loss damage caused such changes. bitcointoken will its utmost launch its operations and develop the bitcointoken platform. anyone undertaking acquire bitcointoken acknowledges and understands that bitcointoken does not provide any guarantee that will manage achieve it. they acknowledge and understand therefore that bitcointoken (incl. its bodies) assumes liability responsibility for any loss damage that would result from relate the incapacity use bitcointoken, except case intentional misconduct gross negligence. representation and warranties participating, the purchaser agrees the above and particular, they represent and warrant that they: have read carefully the terms and conditions attached the white paper; agree their full contents and accept legally bound them; are authorized and have full power purchase bitcointoken according the laws that apply their jurisdiction domicile; live jurisdiction which allows bitcointoken sell bitcointoken through without requiring any local authorization; are familiar with all related regulations the specific jurisdiction which they are based and that purchasing cryptographic coins that jurisdiction not prohibited, restricted subject additional conditions any kind; will not use bitcointoken for any illegal activity, including but not limited money laundering and the financing terrorism; have sufficient knowledge about the nature the cryptographic coins and have significant experience with, and functional understanding of, the usage and intricacies dealing with cryptographic coins and currencies and blockchain-based systems and services; purchase bitcointoken because they wish have access the bitcointoken platform; forward-looking statements all statements contained this white paper, statements made press releases any place accessible the public and oral statements that may made bitcointoken their respective directors, advisors, executive officers employees acting behalf bitcointoken, that are not statements historical fact, constitute "forward-looking statements". some these statements can identified forward-looking terms such "aim", "target", "anticipate", "believe", "could","estimate", "expect", "if", "intend", "may", "plan", "possible", "probable", "project", "should", "would", "will" other similar terms. however, these terms are not the exclusive means identifying forward-looking statements. all statements regarding bitcointoken financial position, business strategies, plans and prospects and the future prospects the industry which bitcointoken are forward-looking statements. these forward-looking statements, including but not limited statements bitcoin token's revenue and profitability, prospects, future plans, other expected industry trends and other matters discussed this white paper regarding bitcointoken are matters that are not historic facts, but only predictions. these forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause the actual future results, performance achievements bitcointoken materially different from any future results, performance achievements expected, expressed implied such forward-looking statements. these factors include, amongst others: (a) changes political, social, economic and stock cryptocurrency market conditions, and the regulatory environment the countries bitcointoken conducts its respective operations; (b) the risk that bitcointoken may unable execute implement their respective strategies and future plans; (c) changes interest rates and exchange rates fiat currencies and cryptocurrencies; (d) changes the anticipated growth strategies and expected internal growth bitcointoken; (e) changes the availability and fees payable bitcointoken connection with their respective businesses and operations; (f) changes the availability and salaries employees who are required bitcointoken operate their respective businesses and operations; (g) changes preferences participants bitcointoken; (h) changes the future capital needs bitcointoken and the availability financing and capital fund such needs; (i) war acts international domestic terrorism; (j) occurrences catastrophic events, natural disasters that affect operations bitcointoken; (k) other factors beyond the control bitcointoken; and (l) any risk and uncertainties associated with bitcointoken and its businesses and operations, including the tokens.