bitcoen white paper contents introduction short description bitcoen blockchain project bitcoen blockchain project details justification bitcoen blockchain project main products bitcoen blockchain project bitcoen wallet bitcoen loyalty program essence bitcoen tokens bitcoen for user bitcoen for business user blockchain the project basis token sale bitcoen project dates start and end token sale post token sale timeline bitcoen blockchain project token price, bonuses payment methods marketing activity marketing activity .people the project project team auditors the project tech audit project advisers legal notice risk factors risk factors terms and definitions disclaimer this document the intelectual property bitcoen ltd. the goal this white paper present the bitcoen project potential bitcoen token holders. the information set forth below may not exhaustive and does not imply any elements contractual relationship. its sole purpose provide relevant and reasonable information potential token holders order for them determine whether undertake thorough analysis the company with the intent acquiring bitcoen tokens. nothing this white paper shall construed prospectus emission investment offer any kind. this original bitcoen token offer not offer sell buy securities any jurisdiction. this document not composed accordance with, and not subject to, laws regulations any jurisdiction which are designed protect investors. certain statements, estimates, and financial information contained this white paper constitute forward--looking statements information.. such forward-- looking statements information involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties which may cause actual events results differ materially from the estimates the results implied expressed such forward--looking statements. bitcoen does not allow users avoid capital controls any kind and does not allow them invest any foreign assets. purchase bitcoen token may involve high degree risk. see risk section the current white paper and the token sale agreement (the tsa .before taking decision purchase bitcoen, make sure you are capable provide representations and warranties specified the respective section the tsa. the distribution this document and the offering and sale bitcoen tokens certain jurisdictions may restricted law, and therefore person into whose possession this document comes should inform themselves about and observe any such restrictions. any failure comply with these restrictions could result violation the laws such jurisdiction. bitcoen tokens have not been registered under the securities act (the securities act "), with any securities regulatory authority any state other jurisdiction the united states and other countries. bitcoen tokens shall not offered sold to, for the account benefit of: green card holder the united states united states citizen permanent resident the united states (tax otherwise), individual having primary residence domicile the united states (tax otherwise), including puerto rico, the u.ss. virgin islands any other possession the united states.- citizen permanent resident the people's republic china (tax otherwise), individual having primary residence domicile the people's republic china (tax otherwise you are one the foresaid, you are not eligible buy bitcoen tokens any form and/or any means. you are citizen permanent resident the republic singapore (tax otherwise), you have primary residence domicile singapore you are acitizen permanent resident canada (tax otherwise)), you have primary residence domicile canada, you are citizen permanent resident hong kong (tax otherwise)), you have primary residence domicile hong kong, you are eligible purchase bitcoen tokens only pre--purchase services the bitcoen platform. bitcoen tokens permissible only after bitcoen enables registration the tokens issued its platform securities under exemptions the jurisdictions specified hereby (if applicable)) and ensures obtaining respective licenses and/or permissions/approvals and/or getting registred under exemptions such jurisdictions (if applicable). bitcoen ltd. not make any guarantees and disclaim any liability that the above mentioned conditions will fulfilled. your sole responsibility ensure that their participation the token sale not prohibited under the applicable legal restrictions their country residence domicile. bitcoen ltd. not responsible for those token sale participants who take part the token sale event breach their country's laws, even violations these laws are due ignorance. for the convenience users bitcoen white paper, website and other public information are available number languages. the event there any conflict discrepancy between the english language version and any other foreign language version, the english language version has priority. introduction the world first community open exchange network. have you heard about the cryptocurrency for communities before? sure you haven't. because we're the first, the one and the only the world. create swift, decentralized and secure network that unites communities global ecosystem. bitcoen the power traditions and technologies bitcoen (abbreviated ben) the first community open exchange network, blockchain-project, business platform and services system, complementing it, developed for interaction between representatives communities around the world. link official website http://bitcoen.io short description bitcoen blockchain project the goal bitcoen project first community open exchange network. the objectives the bitcoen project are: emission bitcoen token stand-alone blockchain independent others. development the first loyalty program with points having value equal bitcoen token. the name this -token comes from the open exchange network. development bitcoen ecosystem bitcoen-wallet, the api payment system. the main task the bitcoen ecosystem develop the economy the communities, provide employment opportunities and help the community enter the crypto-economy, where the future comes. development payment system with popular crypto-currencies and bitcoen offline stores and internet networks. providing maximum transparency charitable transfers due the blockchain technology, the convenience transferring funds tzedakah and others are needs the community. association businesses, goods and services single communication platform increase convenience for consumers, well the growth effectiveness community businesses due their advertising and attracting attention using single advertising platform. the needs the communities stimulate the clients different companies for the permanent use products and services particular companies simple and fast tool for transferring funds. transfers funds different countries require lot time collect documents, and that complicates business processes and the solution personal issues; understandable mechanism for transferring funds charity. this platform will allow make charitable contributions transparent. the project whole makes possible for ordinary users use modern cryptotechnologies. why propose use the blockchain and crypto-currencies the blockchain system which all the actions its participants are recorded. blockchain makes all the operations transparent possible; information can withdrawn restricted the blockchain. bitcoen token (short name ben) decentralized virtual payment tool, used for payments within the ecosystem. token not pegged any one state, can easily used around the world. there information how many tokens/ points (in case bitcoen) were emitted the company the blockchain. the number points remains unchanged: they cannot reduced emitted more, thereby reducing their purchasing power. since the number points, takzhe istoriia dvizheniia tokenov, issued bitcoen recorded the blockchain, bens cannot adulterated. main components bitcoen blockchain project bitcoen token tool, allowing purchasing, making mutual payments, paying for services and donating charity. the offline and online payment system, which allows using bitcoen everyday life. bitcoen loyalty program ("bitcoen loyalty") for the community around the world. using this system for payments stores, user receives bitcoens which can spent wherever bitcoen accepted for payment. validity period charged bens not limited, they not disappear. bitcoen wallet ("bitcoen wallet") convenient system for daily use, both for private persons and business, and has the form online and offline payment system. bitcoen how earn and where spend bitcoen can obtained exchanging for fiat currency crypto-currency, earned receiving payments bens, doing something useful for the ecosystem, got, purchasing partners the loyalty program. (link blockchain loyalty program) you can spend bitcoen: the partners the project these are the companies, that decided accept payments bitcoens and participate the loyalty program; join the general bitcoen loyalty program (for business) for payment services gratuitous help each other; for charity. for additional services the bitcoen platform commission for using the bitcoen pay service six reasons, why you should become partner bitcoen project this the first blockchain project, the use which supported the communities russia. the project was supported the members the communities germany, france, spain, italy, and russia. now the negotiations with communities other countries are progress, means that while you are traveling, you can use the token with bitcoen and receive bonuses for using it. bitcoen ecosystem, the one hand, set handy tools for the life the communities, and the other hand, stimulates its development and prosperity, creates new jobs and opportunities for implementation new ideas, staying within the limits cultural traditions and values. using bitcoen platform, users can support their businesses, purchasing and performing mutual settlements (both and segments) while getting points from the loyalty program bitcoen tokens. communities gets tool, facilitating the collection tzedakah, tool for receiving charitable donations, well for fundraising for specific purposes, for the needs community members from anywhere the world. blockchain allows the accurate tracking the arrival and distribution charity donated. the representatives communities receive single point entry for sale and purchase services for other representatives the communities, effectively strengthening the connection. the mutual help becomes even easier with bitcoen. bitcoen services allow any member the community from any place the world make transfer another member the community also regardless his/her location. that, the transaction almost immediate, with minimal fees and without the need for additional levels confirmation and control. ... and more reasons become member the bitcoen project connecting your business the bitcoen platform (to this, you have purchase bitcoens tokens), you get opportunity accept payments and participate bens loyalty program, stimulating your customers come back you again and again. bitcoen holders participate the privileges program, which includes not only additional discounts and bonuses but also provides opportunity receive education the field crypto-economy and the expansion useful business contacts. bitcoen ecosystem friendly community that easy for getting opportunities for business development and advice from leading experts. bitcoen company has advisers consisting reputable representatives communities around the world, helping develop the system. maximally transparent structure bitcoen and processes inside guarantee the reliability bitcoen ecosystem. joining the bitcoen project, you master the future technologies today and step ahead your competitors. bitcoen blockchain project details bitcoen company emits bitcoen tokens. the organization sells bitcoen tokens representatives the community around the world. the emission bitcoens tokens not limited communities, but supposed, that tokens will gathered within the community. the distribution possible only the registered participants the project. justification bitcoen blockchain project the world communities and its needs, the blockchain technology, the crowdfunding platform for creating new businesses and the developed loyalty program, which, among other things, strengthens the interconnections within the community are the main components the project. practical example: david worked the construction industry and for almost ten years saved money open his bar. finally, the bar was opened. the owner was tired his long way this dream but very happy. however, few months, david has close the bar, since there were clients who would give minimum necessary profit, for the interest loan was forbidden faith, and his personal funds were over. this businessman needed tool that would help him get funds, not breaking the rules the religion, create original client base and loyalty program keep customers since bar highly competitive business. main products bitcoen blockchain project bitcoen wallet bitcoen wallet wallet, supporting bitcoen tokens. the wallet available various platforms apple, android, windows, ios for smartphones and tablets. this means that registering wallet, for example, pc, the client able use and other devices taking private keys. the interface the wallet intuitive, one can check the balance, receive and send funds, and the design the wallet provides the opportunity use comfortably even for the most inexperienced user. the program that allows defining points specified radius accepted bitcoen wallet built the mobile wallet. the user does not have look advance for shops and institutions, where he/she can spend bens, the program shows such points automatically real time and constantly updating, discovering new points the interface the wallet supports hebrew default. the years experience our team the development payment systems allowed making bitcoen wallet functional, easy use, and fast much possible: quick transactions, high accuracy displaying all processes the device screen. the security the wallet top priority task its developers. bitcoen wallet stores private keys the device, therefore, only the user can control the funds. one the most significant options for users technological payment platforms efficient and high-quality support service. support service bitcoen wallet and its mobile version works all popular messengers bitcoen loyalty program bitcoen loyalty program allows receiving bens, making purchases program partners and spending them also program partners the bitcoen team developed integration with the largest online stores, and just after launch the users the loyalty program can get bens, making online purchases more than store and buying goods offline. the loyalty program stimulates the activity customers various businesses, which have joined the bitcoen loyalty program. you can pay for goods and services from partners the loyalty program both with bens and with fiat money. any case, the program participant gets bonus bens. unlike all current loyalty programs, user's bens cannot canceled either the developers the program its partners. the blockchain technology does not provide such opportunity. you can store the accumulated bitcoen tokens for indefinitely long term and spend them when such need arises. bitcoen loyalty program does not limit the amount accumulated points. the increase the number bens allows any user join the privilege program (link privilege app). essence bitcoen tokens bitcoen plans release only tokens. emission tokens occurs once, the launch the network, and distributed among the participants according the distribution scheme indicated this white paper. additional emission not expected. bitcoen tokens are essentially independent product, internal payment tool within our platform. this bitcoen tokens within bitcoen loyalty programs are the points loyalty, but can also used payment tool within the bitcoen ecosystem, including those for working with the bitcoen platform. bitcoen tokens not have functional share and not imply receipt passive profit other income. tokens not give voting right; tokens not give rights income the company. tokens not give the right own shares the company, and stakes the company. there are two types bitcoen tokens: basic and those with restrictions. the bitcoen recipients and company's partners owe most the bens. the project team, advisors, board members and recipients bounties with view project stabilization owe the tokens with restrictions sales and/or exchange. for the project team, the limitation period years from the moment the allocation ben. for the board members years from the distribution ben. for advisers months from the date distribution ben. for recipients bounties months from the date distribution ben. bitcoen for user for typical user, bitcoen token can used payment tool for payments for goods and services kosher stores and establishments that joined bitcoen blockchain-project. you can pay tzedakah with bens, well give them the needs the synagogue, the evening kollel for chevra kadisha, for keren chaya mushka mutual aid fund, for the help veterans, charity events, tickets for holidays and on. bitcoen tokens can given other persons within the personal settlements the form help. the geography the transfer not limited. bitcoen not restricted the purchase bens. large bitcoen holders become clients the privilege program. bitcoen for business user the bitcoen ecosystem provides the business user with online storefront for his/her products and services, which single market place for community businesses. each user the marketplace, well business, which joined the platform the member the bitcoen loyalty program, and also has the opportunity receive payments via bitcoen pay and pay for internal paid services with bitcoen tokens. blockchain the project basis bitcoen based the source code the izzz.io platform and uses consensus that based limited confidence proof activity (lcpoa) and trusted node system (thrusted nodes) speed the network. also planned create bitcoen compatibility layer with the erc standard, for easy integration with exchanges. the choice the izzz.io blockchain-platform justified the characteristics this system, which exceeds the analogs for number characteristics: characteristics waves bitcoin based ethereum universa bitshares izzz.io creating tokens based code cross-blockchains (blockchain network with intersections) the ability use without full synchronization with the network thin client some implementations thin client thin client characteristics waves bitcoin based ethereum chains with length limitation bus messaging n/a interaction with the browser without plug-ins and external services pos pow drugie -pow delegated pos lcpoa scala, java c++ c++, c++ node.js block validation algorithm programming language universa bitshares java izzz.io bitcoen blockchain features: lcpoa blockchain algorithm that reliably protects the network from spam and false transactions, while does not require large expenditures computing resources; lack mining the system; transactions within the platform network are free; high network speed (up transactions per second) scheme the bitcoen transactional system: thrusted nodes are nodes that work with the keys that released the launch the blockchain network, and used speed transactions the absence distributed consensus. proof-of-activity fallback consensus standby system consensus the network. completely decentralized, and allows the network continue work thrusted nodes are not available within hours. for distributed consensus, the time-dependent lcpoa used. token sale bitcoen project token sale launched attract partners, ready use the bitcoen ecosystem for business and private interests. november the official start the token sale, which will last until february should the circumstances hamper the token sale (technical disruptions caused not the developers, political situation, difficulty transactions) bitcoen system users can prolong the token sale the concert-established period. bitcoen token distribution emissiia bitcoen sostavliaet ben. token sale dostupno ben tsene dollar ssha. minimal'naia tselevaia summa sbora period pre token sale token sale uchetom sborov, nachal'nyi investitsii osnovatelei chastnykh investitsii: dollarov ssha maksimal'naia tselevaia summa sbora period token sale dollarov ssha tokeny, raspredelennye khode token sale budut perevedeny rezervnyi fond dal'neishee funktsionirovanie sistemy srazu posle podvedeniia itogov token sale. post token sale the bitcoen team reserves the right issue bens the market from its reserves. the cost bens issued after the completion the token sale determined the market. the release bitcoen from the company's reserves after the completion the token sale and their placement the stock exchange may due the need fund new projects necessary for the development the bitcoen ecosystem. timeline bitcoen blockchain project november the official start the token sale. million bens the price per one ben are available the token sale. after the completion token sale, will begin the activities implement the loyalty program; the release bitcoen token the exchange, launch the bitcoen platform, the connection stores, and the popularization the bitcoen blockchain-project among the representatives the community. value bitcoen the token sale, the value bitcoen during the bonus periods for user can receive additional bens payment methods payments for bitcoen can made using crypto-currencies btc and eth and other cryptocurrencies. step download the bitcoen wallet app and create your own wallet. step the website http://bitcoen.io, enter your wallet number and log in. step select the number bitcoen and crypto currency for the payment. after this, the system generates the wallet address for the buyer (btc, eth), which the buyer should make payment from his/her personal wallet (btc, eth). you cannot directly send funds from exchangers, because the system not able identify you correctly. bens are charged the account the buyer. fiat money-payment with bank transfer you can get the account details for payment your personal account, well all the necessary data for identification. marketing activity the priority marketing task the bitcoen team ensure the popularity and fame for the blockchain project and bitcoen-token. the experience the bitcoen command allows this do. for more than years, the bitcoen team has been developing mobile applications, the mobile payment systems and their implementing the market. art bureau studio creators.ru (top studios russia) the clients are akado, gazprom, fly segway life-pay.ru service the leader the russian hardware and software market acquiring. with thousand customer companies for the first three years, the peak billion turnover). payqr company allows paying for goods and services without cash, using code. payqr received million rubles investments from the president and co-owner the development company, sergei kozlovsky. the total amount financing exceeds mln for years work, our team has created more than businesses with total amount investments billion rubles. the bitcoen team was the first use the technologies classic support its blockchain project. the articles the leading media and television. the stories tell the business community and ordinary users about the benefits participation the bitcoen project. according the national agency for financial research (nafi). about the respondents have some information about crypto-currency, respondents "have heard something", and know much about it. and only not more russians used crypto-currency. the task the bitcoen campaign russia tell about the project not only crypto-currency uses but also that part the audience, which only interested products based blockchain technology. pr-campaign bitcoen the world implies the increasing bitcoen brand recognition and increasing confidence and the use the bitcoen-token throughout the offline-world. even before the start token sale, bitcoen project managed attract its ambassadors, the people, who are ready broadcast the values the project. alexander moiseyevich boroda the president the federation jewish communities russia, the founder the jewish museum and the center tolerance. member the public chamber the russian federation. moti crystal the professor skolkovo business school, the founder and the president nest consulting company. crystal professional negotiator. from worked for the israel prime minister and participated the settlement relations with palestine. crystal developed negosystem negotiation system model. the launch the bitcoen project requires the use contextual and targeted advertising. bitcoen the first blockchain-project the market, the advertising which targeted not only the business community, but also ordinary users who are only interested crypto-economics. bounty campaign will support the project different communities and different sites (from profile sites for cryptoexchange players popular video blog channels) link bounty campaign. within the framework marketing activity, training video programs the use and possibilities bitcoen will implemented, both for individuals and for businesses. one the important marketing activities the appearance the bitcoen token exchanges, which separate large-scale channel for obtaining new token-holders, which turn will users the system, thereby increasing its overall attractiveness. token sale period has active, but advertising potential low capacity due limited time. listing the exchange allows you constantly maintain the interest existing users and attract the attention new users. thus, even without using classical advertising tools, persistent and long-lasting advertising effect generated. people the project project team president, david dyshko work coordination with the community. the main activity the attraction investments into private projects. for the last few years, was engaged development projects. https://www.linkedin.com/in/david-dyshko-b/ ceo the project, vyacheslav semenchuk serial entrepreneur. founder start-ups. specialist no. launching and optimization businesses and creation "brand-people" russia and the cis countries. the author his own methodology for testing the business idea http://linkedin.com/in/viacheslav cbdo alexander viktorov project development, communications director development zion.ru, entrepreneur. https://www.linkedin.com/in/ aleksander-viktorov-a/ karolina matusso head marketing&communications marketing specialist and bc. more than years managing marketing projects companies from fortune list. https://www.linkedin.com/in/karolina-matusso-ab/ dmitry gorozhankin commercial director commercial director the european medical center. more than years experience sales management. https://www.linkedin.com/in/dmitriy-gorozhankin-/ andrey kareev the owner the "intertorg" company julia zhuravleva legal support, the consultant the legal company julia specialist structuring and tax planning the international business. https://www.linkedin.com/in/yulia-zhuravleva-b/ alexander ovcharenko creating affiliate network https://www.linkedin.com/in/lexanderchacharenko-/ mila kretova editor-consultant https://www.linkedin.com/in/mila-kretova-ab/ rostislav chizh product director digital producer, with the experience restarting various cross-sectoral products (online and offline). mikhail terentyev email marketing expert alexey savchenko the founder the hawk style design web-studio. since has been engaged the development sites, well complex packaging businesses. more than sites have been developed over years, including such clients lego, amway, and others. has created more than groups social networks vkontakte and facebook, well more than presentations for companies. alexey martynenko project manager with years experience: web, mobile, erp, crm. the founder the studio aplica the development mobile applications. alexey graduated launchgurus and akselerator.ru startup academies. http://en.linkedin.com/in/aleksmart igor terekhov product manager focused the development mobile applications. there are dozens projects for the largest brands and startups and his own awarded projects his portfolio: red dot, creativity awards, well publications the next web, adweek, a.v.club, forbes. project auditors petroff audit company technical audit bitcoen company passed technical security expertise accordance with international standards and industry requirements. ivan piskunov. security independent expert and practitioner, ccna, ceh certificate holder, member the russian information systems security professional association (moscow), risc professional community and skolkovo cybersecurity foundations, author and teacher security courses, cofounder and cto consulting agency asirus. project advisers "lemchik, krupsky and partners. structural and tax consulting" legal law practice. among the clients this company are such organizations pixonic, tommy hilfiger, sportmaster, channel and many others. alexander lemchik managing partner "lemchik, krupsky and partners. structural and tax consulting" legal law practice. one the best tax consultants russia according the rating kommersant, has over years experience business structuring. https://www.linkedin.com/in/leader-leather-/ moty crystal (moty cristal). the professor practice negotiation. moscow skolkovo management school. founder and president nest consulting. worked the israeli administration, took part the negotiations between israel and jordan. since nest consulting has been consulting and training top-managers, ceos large companies and government members from europe and asia, well from the and russia. teaches the skolkovo business school, tel aviv university and lauder school government diplomacy and strategy the interdisciplinary center herzliya. was research fellow the international institute for countering terrorism herzliya and visiting fellow the leading international negotiation programs, including the international institute for applied systems analysis international program (austria, -), the harvard university program and the institute defense and strategic sciences (singapore, https://www.linkedin.com/in/moty-cristal-/ ilya flux ceo founder the fibrum company engaged the development software and hardware solutions the mobile virtual reality market. previously held management positions such technology companies fibrain project (owner) fidmark (general manager) levers your freedom (it director) evolution (it director) immo games (general manager) https://www. linkedin.com/in/flaksilia naila zamashkina development director the first interbank accelerator fintech lab raec, member the working group optimizing tariffs for internet acquiring, the expert the commission for e-commerce leading expert the idi (expert board the internet development institute), e-commerce ecosystem https:// www.linkedin.com/in/nailyazamashkina/ dmitry marinichev internet-ombudsman, the member the expert council the association strategic initiatives, the member the business russia council. founder russian mining coin (rmc one), the president radius group. sergey chernyavsky the vice chairman the central government committee bavaria csu migration and integration, the first secretary the regional committee for migration and integration, augsburg member the board the region committees external security and health policy andrey nedobylskii co-founder and cto the blockchain platform izzz.io more than years full stack program development and highly-loaded solutions the field iot, erp- and crm-systems for international companies and team-leading technical development for large companies (e.g. kvib. rf, artskills.ru, nettech.company, rukupon.rf, unmoment, auctionmachine.rf,, fitness-port.ru, justbefit.ru and others). development consultant blockchain platforms: baikalika.io, sbsplatform.io. coauthor patents: device for conjunctival microscopy, program for the diagnosis eye pathology, program for the analysis the microcirculatory channel the conjunctiva the lateral corner the eyeball. angelika sheshunova co-founder and coo the blockchain platform izzz.io co-founder several blockchain projects and the business akselerator akselerator.ru. blockchain consultant baikalika.io sbsplatform.io. let operatsionnogo upravleniia kom-paniiami razlichnykh otraslei (crocusexspo.ru, ostrovok.ru, life-pay.ru, flatora. ru, flat.me, topexpert.pro, artskills.ru, justbefit.ru, enki.com). legal notice the user acknowledges, understands and agrees that bitcoen tokens are not capital issues and are not registered with any government agency security, and should not treated such. bitcoen tokens ownership does not imply right participate the management bitcoen projects. bitcoen tokens ownership does not provide stake bitcoen and any projects operating within the fund. the transfer funds favor the project charitable and aimed creating ecosystem projects. this document not public offer and purely informative. http://bitcoen.io the user acknowledges comply with the rules concerning anti-money laundering and terrorism financing, and aware necessity undergo procedure identification -kyc case transfer bitcoen tokens the crypto exchange the third party. risk factors the investment, acquisition, donation other transfer funds into electronic instruments, such the development internet projects, crypto-currencies, including the bitcoen token, associated with risks, including but not limited the following. regulatory uncertainty blockchain technologies are controlled various regulatory bodies around the world. any crypto-currency, tokens and tokens bitcoen token can also regulated them, which makes possible restrict the use possession digital crypto-tools, the purchase crypto-tools future. bitcoen tokens not investment and does not involve passive income. bens not have any rights, scopes, goals, attributes, functionality features. all persons and parties involved the purchase bitcoen tokens their own risk. all persons, receiving loyalty points understand that their use possible only within the framework the created ecosystem. since the crypto-currency market, the market crypto-tools, tokens bonuses, exchanges and platforms which secondary tokens can traded are not regulated applicable law, the volatility the crypto-currency, tools, bonuses tokens general and bitcoen, particular, can very significant. transactions with crypto-currencies, transactions with bonuses, tokens and other electronic instruments are not insured any external public private bodies. all the risks associated with the loss crypto-currency, tokens, points, including bitcoen tokens, are borne the acquirer the crypto-currency. ben not refundable. the company does not repurchase bitcoen tokens from bitcoen holders. holders bitcoentokens will not receive financial means other compensation the form compensation. the company makes promises regarding the future performance value bitcoen tokens and does not affect future indicators. risks related internet technologies since bitcoen activities are tightly linked the global internet, any its failures are risk incorrect operation bitcoen applications and platforms. bitcoen released the basis the blockchain-platform izzz.io. any fault malfunctioning the izzz.io code may cause the bitcoen network function unexpected manner. risk loss private keys bitcoen tokens can stored the buyer his/her digital wallet, and digital key combination digital keys required for getting access it. losing these required keys will result the loss access the buyer's wallet and all funds stored this wallet. the risk losing the key remains exclusively its owner, bitcoen does not bear any responsibility for the loss digital keys. terms and definitions crypto-currency decentralized virtual currency. not pegged any state. cryptographically protected and decentralized, the information about transactions are entered and stored blockchain. bitcoen token for the purposes this project understood points, distributed within the project participants, reward for financial administrative contributions the development the system and project. intended only for the provision and use registered project participants. blockchain continuous sequential chain blocks containing information; system that fixes all the agreements between its participants. smart contract computer algorithm developed conclude and maintain agreements within the framework blockchain. token sales primary token offerings users. bitcoen (ben) this case, one (point) the bitcoen token. bitcoen holder the owner (holder) bens. bounty part marketing costs; this the cost supporting the project social networks, attracting the ambassadors, etc.