activate the power business network powered zeniius bitceo whitepaper disclaimer: this document for informational purposes only and does not constitute offer solicitation sell shares securities bitceo any related associated company. any such offer solicitation will made only means confidential offering memorandum and accordance with the terms all applicable securities and other laws. version draft for open community review. subject change. bitceo whitepaper executive summary the problem there business entity which can operate itself. besides performing their core activities, essential for companies learn from and collaborate with other businesses stay competitive. connecting with ideal partner, however, highly challenging task for many business owners. ceos spend significant amount time and effort network with external executives. according survey ceos, one ceo spend average hours week find solution for business connections. however, the time they spent waste. with the right partner, however, innovations and positive economic results for the company would generated with certainty. bitceo whitepaper support human collaborations which generate positive outcomes, corporations around the world have long been capitalizing the advents technology bridge social and business gaps. facebook has solved one humanity's most significant demand which staying connected socially. alibaba serves purely commercial retail platform. there remains, however, hugely potential field for joining ceos create economic values. this where come in. the opportunity there are currently about million businesses the world, translating more than million ceos. this figure will undoubtedly increase the future with current economic conditions. the market becomes more competitive than the past, the need quickly resolve business challenges with improved efficiency and minimal stress would become imperative. recognizing this opportunity, our ultimate goal facilitate platform where robust network ceos can come together meet their business demands instantly. the solution mentioned above, our target help ceos connect and work together flash from anywhere the world. able accomplish this, our project mobilized three phases: phase build platform assemble individual excellences resources global business owners and activate powerful collaborative ceo network, called zeniius phase integrate artificial intelligence and blockchain into eniius follow. artificial intelligence employ a.i one the solutions flash-match business demands posted zeniius with potential solvers. additionally, used scoring system rate ceos according their contributions the ecosystem. blockchain millions business transactions which would happen zeniius will require optimal transparency. for this reason, employ smart contracts ensure all transactions are raceable, transparent, and irreversible. phase motivate ceos help one another, create incentives monetary and non-monetary terms. bitceo whitepaper introduce bitceo (bceo) erc token ensure trusted delivery between ceos. this the monetary reward when ceos help one another. also tokenize ceos' abilities, resources and knowledge into tradable commodity called ability card ceos may choose award this helpers the non-monetary reward. stand-alone ability cards marketplace called ability store these abilities can also traded using bitceo mission vision our mission create and activate the power the global ceo network instantly meet business demands. our vision become the largest platform for ceo's collaboration business and optimizing resources around the world. why bitceo unlike most initial coin offerings, bitceo zeniius far from ideal project waiting commenced. this project has already attracted about usd investment since its initialization june zeniius application has already run beta platform, currently available ios, android web, with thousands users who are real-life ceos. which, several ceos companies which generate annual revenue million usd and many others earning more than million usd per annum. bitceo whitepaper the offering bitceo will soon announce initial public crowd sale its bitceo token. the total supply tokens will billions the token will distributed with private sale event, followed presale and finally via our ico the presale token price will range bceo usd usd during the presale during the ico will bceo usd bitceo whitepaper overview estimate million businesses around the world and their directing ceos face wide range business requests daily. stay relevant and successfully compete increasingly demanding consumer market, becomes crucial for ceos resolve those commercial needs quickly. being able connect with the right business partner, another ceo, the shortest time possible and minimal stress would, therefore, greatly help ceos stay top their operations. the same time, ceos also constantly need connect with other business partners expand their network and ready themselves for new opportunities for such specific needs, current features offered existing social network platforms such facebook, linkedin opportunity leave ceos much desired terms obtaining business solutions and connections. therefore, our mission facilitate business platform for ceos interact, network and utilize their existing abilities and connections for global collaborations. bitceo whitepaper zeniius zeniius dynamic active social network platform for ceos. currently run the forms mobile application and website, with the beta version currently available app store google play. zeniius will the first application integrated with bitceo its transactional token. bitceo whitepaper current features zeniius opportunity newsfeed the newsfeed similar that facebook but business-focused. can filtered topics, industries, personal profiles, business groups, and more. this the place where ceos can seek opportunities and obtain the solutions for their business problems. in-app chat group chats with unlimited members infinite number personal conversations within chat, ceos can easily access all participants' profiles, which are highly detailed ceos also can quickly filter for important discussion allows for networking, events, sharing resources between ceos etc. ceos list this feature similar yellow page ceos. contains list ceos well their profiles, companies, well their public activities eniius bitceo whitepaper notifications list contains personal notifications for each user zeniius ceos will noticed whenever someone interact with them. profile information personal profiles and other settings within the system. valuable statistics currently, there are about high-income active ceos the zeniius beta platform, who have collectively achieved accumulated internal transaction volume million usd and collective revenue million per annum. the network expanding rapidly other countries such singapore japan and korea etc. least companies with revenue more than million/year companies' revenue more than million/year companies' revenue ore than million usd/year the remaining are smes, with earnings less than million usd/year. more than members are involved real estate forum. more than members are cryptocurrency enthusiasts. more than members are shareholders ceo jsc, specializing real estate cryptocurrency investment. ceos are expected join the network zeniius offline networking activities ceo offline gatherings on-site company visits (ceo tours) charity events real estate forum/exchange/investment with total transactions millions usd crypto currency enthusiast joint ventures blockchain cryptocurrency forums real estate exchange real estate forums. bitceo whitepaper our focus effectively serve interactive hub where ceos assist with each other's business inquiries, the zeniius's team focuses decoding the following problems: how bridge the gap between ceo's commercial request and its ideal resolver(s)? how motivate appropriate users resolving business demands? these are the two main issues that seek resolve the project's short-term plans. result, bitceo was born one solutions for these issues. will explain this the following section. bitceo whitepaper our solutions order resolve the above-mentioned problems, have laid out some broad strokes for our solutions. utilizing good intentions with good intentions, ceos will help other ceos simply because they want help them, and enhance their connections with other ceos. they hope that later on, when need arises, the other ceos will return their favour. this element can only utilized when the number members the social network large enough. this because there only few users, the number members that possess the ability cover all the needs the system very small. therefore, increasing the number members one the solutions that can help growing the population solvers the system. with zeniius plan increase the number users from ceos ceos among the ceos, there are people from japan, singapore, south korea, and australia. this plan being implemented and has good probability success because zeniius currently has strong connection with some domestic and international business communities. these business communities are ready join zeniius. however, good intentions are not strong enough motivator for ceos help each other. bitceo whitepaper a.i. system building automatic system deliver business problems the solvers the system automatically supply users with valuable information when they want their needs met. the moment, zeniius building a.i. system that allows the automatic search for solvers every time users post their demands. specifically, a.i. will automatically search the system find people who have posted the ability solve that need, related the topic the posted demand. afterwards, will comment and suggest solvers help. unable find solvers, a.i. will base her judgment the information that was gathered around the internet, then utilize this data comment, and supply the required information. build support team ('ceo swat') even though a.i. can help tremendously for business, there big number request messages, and big number solvers not the system. thus, there still need for human team that can help the ceos meet the demands that within the scope assistance, with more flexibility than a.i. result, aim construct highly qualified team swats support ceos with resolving their demands. currently, have successfully assembled ceo swat team more than members, who are the ceos real life. bitceo whitepaper incentive mechanism user the zeniius system would only interested solving published business demand when the solution directly benefits himself his company, terms bitceo rewards value-adding contract his firm. thus, built the following incentive mechanism motivate users solve business demands published the system. system incentive zeniius will build system that spawns zeniscore (score reputation) every time ceos help someone solve others' problems they contribute the system. business incentive monetary: creates economic motivation for users order help bring the problem the solvers. bceo was introduced the token that awarded users monetary rewards. bceo represents the value the system well the benefit helping another ceo solve business demands. the long run, bceo will the basis zeniius economy. non-monetary: sometimes, ceos help others not because money but due kindness, establish connections, etc. thus, necessary have different system that can help ceos back any record about other people helping them, and note them down promise return the favor the future with their own ability. the representative this system the birth powerful card which termed iou owe you) card also known powerful ability card this card represents the fact that owning you one for solving problems, and will return the favor one unique abilities". bitceo whitepaper the solutions above all have their merits and drawbacks, therefore, separately apply these solutions, impossible create motivation, persuasive answer the mathematical problem that have put forward. despite this, can harmonize everything and implement all the above approaches then will the ultimate solution for the project's problems laid out "our focus". with that being said, this whitepaper focuses the proposed solution, which the incentive mechanism this would the most important motivational structure for users the system. this solution serves the backbone boost the system into sustainable development. the heart this proposal lies bitceo which powers the incentives. other solutions, such the system, would discussed further the yellow paper. bitceo whitepaper zeniius incentive ecosystem our principle create ecosystem where everyone simply does the best for each other for their own sake, and anyone who goes against that simply finds oneself detached. since everyone can only benefit from benefiting everyone else, it's predictable that everyone would their best. discussed, besides aforementioned non-monetary motivations, such ability cards zeniscore our principle provide incentive highest possible monetary value make sure everyone does their best. bitceo therefore, acts the monetary reward motivate ceos help solve published demands the system for instant prize. the following section, discuss each our incentives details, showcasing their individual effectiveness, both design and implementation. zeniscore score contribution zeniscore represents the intangible value that users have contributed the zeniius system. the more zeniscore ceo accumulates, the more proven have contributed the system. zeniius system will award zeniscore users based the following schemes: user will gain zeniscore when his published post about shared business knowledge trade experience rated reviewed other users, i.e., other ceos find such information helpful. users who have attempted solve business demand and are regarded the posters the primary solver will receive zeniscore for his solution. similarly, those who have contributed solving the business demand but are not regarded the primary solver will also receive zeniscore for their contributed efforts. bitceo whitepaper zeni score attributes zeniscore cannot internally transferred between ceos. zeniscore will increase the user contributes the system and decrease when the user negatively reviewed rated for destructive behaviors the system. will using artificial intelligence (more yellow paper) awarding zeniscore based the following inputs: the ceo's accumulated contribution and damage record since joining eniius all publicly available information about the ceo that can externally sourced the a.i. system. benefits zeni score when the ceo accumulates sufficient zeniscore reach certain level, will rewarded monetarily with bitceo. these levels will decided based the average zeniscore all users the system. since zeniscore represents contribution user the system, will the benchmark for the dao system (decentralized autonomous organization) the future, for example, allowing high-level ceos the right vote for the purpose improving the eniius system based their zeniscore bitceo whitepaper ability card non-monetary reward for offering solutions everyone who has helped someone need deserves recognition. nonetheless, ceos with financial prowess may not actively intrigued monetary rewards. instead, they would rather rewarded with acts gratitude which they deem deserving their invested efforts. gratitude can expressed via ability invitation gift etc. which solvers may need the near future. zeniius such acts saying thank you will digitized into ability cards examples include golf lessons, software recommendations, hardware maintenance, invitation dinner, bottle fine wine etc. ceos the zeniius system can create ability cards which promise deliver one their own skills and resources per card. ability cards can categorized into: ability cards which reflect usiness capacity the user (e.g. trade discounts) bitceo whitepaper ability cards opportunities) which reflect personal ability the user (e.g. networking ability card attributes the following information will clearly detailed each ability card description the ability expiry date terms conditions quantity bility cards ceo can create any time will depend his eniscore. staking bility card using bceo ceo may choose "stake" certain amount bceo enhance the card's credibility and reliability depending the staked amount, the system will calculate and label the card with "stars" (between the staked amount will released the creator when the owner has successfully received the act gratitude promised the ability card this process ensured the application blockchain. any ensuing dispute regarding delivery will resolved specialised team called the ceo swat. details this process will further discussed the yellow paper. benefits ability card ability card owner can request ability card creator deliver what promised the ability card subject terms and conditions, that the card within expiry date and the usage conditions are met. users can trade and collect ability cards via ability store (zeniius ability card store), which will discussed further later portion. bitceo whitepaper bitceo tokenomic specifically, the value bceo appreciated bility cards are appreciated certain ceos desire certain tokenized abilities other ceos more than the efforts these abilities' owners. generally, company that sells tokens its customers ensures those customers are better aligned with the company's success. are creating the network and the virility effect with these monetary incentives. therefore, whatever bceo holder does, data contribution resolution business demand, that person incentivized prioritize zeniius's long-term success. this incentive strong the value ceo which is, app token, higher than fiat money and potentially even cryptocurrency. this way, ceo represents not just the value the system, but also reflects the significance peer assistance solving business demands. overall, the token serves illustrate the economy the social network among ceos. bceo incentivizing monetary reward when business demand resolved satisfaction, poster will reward the primary solver well some secondary solvers with either bceo bility card (s), both. demand and supply forces will determine the amount ceo awarded for each specific commercial request. for instance, direct business introduction may require less bceo than demand design entire commercial website. bceo payment for features zeniius ecosystem: ceos can purchase special functions eniius such ceo mask (allows ceo have anonymity), vip membership (allows participation prominent investment groups with other vip ceos), creation private communities where the ceo the leader etc. tickets: ceos can purchase tickets ceo events, ceo tours, leadership, real estate, blockchain offline events, make donation (for charity), buy vip news cryptocurrency forum, buy membership "whale pool," etc. bceo payment for ability card bitceo whitepaper additionally, ability cards will synthesize sizable market terms transferrable users' abilities. users purchase ability cards for collection, forming new connections and potential future self-utilization. result, bceo will also serve the building blocks for ability store virtual marketplace for ability cards which can traded between users. ultimately, the value our token will continuously users contribute the system interacting with each other and solving demands. another driving force for price increase would the market for tradable ability cards transacted with bceo bceo why blockchain? bceo represents the values the zeniius system and acts the currency ability store platforms that are specifically designed for ceos and business owners. furthermore, our ceo users will have the chance collaborate and real life business syndicated from their connections and interactions zeniius thus, transparency utmost importance the system and users. blockchain is, without question, the optimal solution ensure transparency and honesty any system. blockchain technologies will also applied the calculation and management zeniscore which reveals the ratings ceo users. such statistics are vital the decision process ceo whether not collaborate, connect and business with another user. furthermore, important note that each ability card represent promise that user has deliver the future. therefore, ensure that these actions take place way that publicly visible and verifiable everyone the system, ability cards need delivered smart contracts such, blockchain will the ideal solution the maintenance and upkeep both bceo eniscore and ability card bceo the platform: ethereum, nexty, and other platforms are currently planning run all smart contracts and bceo ethereum blockchain one the most popular, flexible, and suitable platforms for adopting smart contracts. with that said, are aware current developments and new initiatives the technology world. taking into accounts current and future trends, considered the possibility test-running bceo other platforms, including nexty, zilliqa, neo, eos, etc. this will ensure speed, scalability, well ease use for users eniius ability store bitceo whitepaper after testing ethereum blockchain, have chosen collaborate with nexty very successful ico itself, currently ranked the top bceo will run test developed nexty's blockchain next step. nexty possesses many outstanding features which play zeniius and ability store advantages, laid out follow: smart contract: similar the ethereum platform, nexty capable creating smart contracts. zero transfer fees: transfer fees constitute considerable expenses users, especially our ceo users, who perform high volume large transactions. this will big advantage nexty compared other blockchain platforms. instant transfer: nexty offers speed transfer that sustainably fast and stable compared other platforms. cross-platform: different coins tokens are easily tradable via nexty. this means more payment options for users. in-app purchase: nexty will release in-app purchase feature the future. this feature will utilized zeniius via independent nexty wallet, allowing users make standard visa-like payments. the experience will most familiar and user-friendly. nexty support: thanh dao, who nexty's founder, also contributes advisor bitceo project. result, our project will receive tremendous support from nexty. bceo liquidity the cryptocurrency ecosystem evolves the coming years, there doubt that ceo will easily traded and spent the ceos zeniius have plans get bceo listed major exchanges, with support from our advisors. bitceo whitepaper ability store (zeniius ability card store) marketplace for ability cards this the final piece for the zeniius ecosystem. the ceos who receive the ability card may may not have the need for the ability card however, the special feature the ability card not just illustrating that ceo owes another ceo performance promise, but also signifies the connection between the ceos. increasing the amount ability cards would increase the chances for any ceo connect with other ceos. therefore, ceos will have the need exchange, collect even purchase the ability card and thus form marketplace for the ability card bility store first, only zeniius users will able trade ability store the future, plan include non-zeniius users, that everyone may trade this platform. anyone can create their own ability cards and trade them ability store .in ability store addition trading and exchanging, users can also participate the referral program recommending ceo with suitable ability card created another ceo the referee purchases the ability card recommended him/her, small reward from the sale the ability card will sent the referrer. this program will enable ability cards reach end-users more effectively and enhance the efficiency the system. addition, bceo will function the token for payment purchases ability store with every transaction, bility store will receive transaction fee system reward. bitceo whitepaper ecosystem overall, the zeniius system can structured follow: level real life ceo community. level zeniius application acts platform connect ceos. level blockchain and plays vital role helping ceos collaborate and solve business demands. which, bitceo, ability card, zeni score act parts incentive system bitceo being its core. level users the system will utilize bitceo, ability card and zeni score collaborate, connect and business together. bceo will also act payment method for users trade and collect bility card level the near future, third party vendors are able build applications powered our connective platform, provide business services for our entire user base. result, this operational process forms ecosystem where all ceo users the system are naturally incentivized. bitceo whitepaper business user case gain deeper understanding the groundbreaking utilization zeniius, let examine the following business examples, which highlights the functionality and powerful application features such ability card and bceo, well the way the zeniius reward system distributes zeniscore. use case harry the ceo confectionery company singapore. harry's company needs open more factories vietnam. harry posted zeniius that looking for site open factory vietnam. john, andy and hoang, three ceos three different real estate companies vietnam, spot harry's information zeniius. they comment harry's post with information the resources they have help harry locate suitable site. harry receives information from three ceos and decides that andy's factory premises the best fit, harry chose andy the one who solves his needs zeniius. harry also thanks john and hoang for their efforts zeniius. after the zeniius system receives harry's response john, andy, and hoang, the system calculates and rewards the three john, andy and zeniscore for certain formula. use case jane has very good knowledge kpi and kpi development business. jane decides share this knowledge zeniius. other users zeniius found the information jane shared very useful apply their own businesses. thus, other ceos vote for jane's article helpful. bitceo whitepaper the system receives user votings with jane's post and perform calculations which often results zeniscore for jane. the more positive feedback the article receives, the more zeniscore awarded jane. just happens that today jane has accumulated zeniscore, amount required the system level her profile up, thus, the system donates bitceo jane encouragement for her contribution zeniius. jane will still accrue zeniscore until she reaches new level etc. (note: these numbers are assumed, when implemented real life, zeniius will utilise formula calculate the level bonuses and certain levels). use case zhang the ceo plastic company china specializing plastic household goods. zhang wants find distributor the indian market. zhang posted this information zeniius and attached bitceo reward anyone who would help zhang find quality distributor. rahul user the zeniius system. spotting the information from zhang, although not the right distributor for zhang's request, rahul was acquainted with manish, the ceo india's top-five super market company. rahul decided introduce manish zhang zeniius. zhang received the introductory information from rahul, thanks rahul and mark rahul the user who helped solve his needs. the system received zhang's response rahul and with automatic transmission, transferred rahul bitceo (%) from zhang's bitceo reward. the remaining bitceo (%) were taken the system zhang's thanks for utilizing the platforms. similar use case rahul also receives zeni score from the system. use case takashi the ceo major hospital nagasaki, japan, and world renowned cardiologist. wants hold non-profit cardiology seminar and need event partner host small province japan. because the workshop non-profit, difficult find partner for the event. takashi posted this information zeniius and asked for help, and takashi created the following two abilities: cardiovascular examination bitceo whitepaper dinner and cardiovascular counseling anyone helps takashi, will rewarded with one the two abilities. akira the ceo the event company japan. akira sees takashi's information and wants help takashi organize the event, and informs the system that will choose the ability card. "have dinner and consult cardiologist." takashi gets help from akira and marks akira with the zeniius system help solve the problem. zeniius receives feedback from the user who have posted the business needs and automatically transfers the ability card and also awards zeniscore from the system the solver. use case akira use case now has takashi's ability card, however, due the lack need for this ability card, has entered the ability store, selling takashi's ability card for bitceo. lee who using ability store, suffering cardiovascular disease looking for good doctor examined and treated. lee sees takashi's ability card information sold akira and decides buy with bitceo. the store transferred akira bitceo (%) and transferred takashi lee's ability card. the remaining bitceos (%) are returned the system. lee receives takashi's ability card, contacts takashi and requests takashi perform the contents the ability card. lee also uses takashi's additional services ensure his heart disease. bitceo whitepaper bceo token token distribution bceo distribution process will follow: private sale (done) presale (done) ico (updating) hard cap ------- ------- eth soft cap ------- ------- eth public participants early supporters leaders major investors period ended ended updating the ico will updating the time and the date soon: the ico will hard-capped upon receipt eth bceo will sold face value bceo usd all tokens sold during the ico. the ico will last days bitceo tokens ceo are expected distributed most days after the ico, and transferable least days after the end the ico. bitceo whitepaper bounty programs total the token will utilized for the bounty programs during the presale and ico. should the bounty program not consume this amount totality, any remaining tokens will transferred into the reserve. token allocation bitceo whitepaper use fund proceeds from bitceo ico will utilized chiefly the development and prosperity our ecosystem. are proud the pioneering business demand solving platform which scalability and sustainability are prioritized, well our initiative capitalizing the powerful forces a.i blockchain. bitceo should considered r&d project with strictly enforced protocols. far, our team has already invested million usd into developing our products, and plan bring them further heights with proceeds from the ico. improving end-user experience, enhancing ease date input, a.i. engines construction, and smart contracts creation are examples our product development initiatives. the fund dedicated recruiting quality developers, smart contract engineers, a.i. researches, data scientists, financial advisors, risk analysts, marketing managers, security specialists and constructing the technological facilities. bitceo whitepaper financial projections with our brief operating record and fresh business model, not easy for accurately evaluate our prospects and financial outcomes. taking into account the risks and uncertainties often faced new businesses rapidly changing economy, offer the following likely financial picture help ico participants anticipate possible project outcomes. with that being said, are confident that with the values offered our products ceos, not difficult work out that this financial investment will likely extremely beneficial for everyone involved. revenue model our revenue will include the following recurring and nonrecurring streams: zeniius annual fees: fee when ceo join zeniius reward fee: whenever demand solver has rewards upon solving problem, zeniius will get features zeniius: some feature zeniius have purchased bceo unlock ability store: fee when users exchange their ability card zeniius intends add additional recurring revenue streams according the roadmap chart within the next months. reason for high demand bceo there currently about million businesses the world, translating more than million ceos. this figure will undoubtedly increase the future. zeniius reaches millions ceos (roughly ceos), and the total supply bceo billion tokens, then average, one ceo will only able possess (in theory) bceo since singular token initially priced $usd (estimate price ico), the total monetary amount each ceo will possess the system usd value too little for any real, long-term usage and transactions the system. therefore, the demand bceo will definitely increase the future ensure that meet the demands our system's users. bitceo whitepaper the team jalong hoang ceo/founder ceo founder bitceo, ceo founder atomic vietnam, chairman ceo group jsc, founder g.e.n the largest ceo community vietnam with ceo. master best paper international workshop for using genetic algorithm and nlp personal scheduling system. leader one the most dynamic active ceo community vietnam including which the annual revenue are more than usd. years startup experience with companies which the business cross over the world: usa, thailand, singapore, korea, china and millions dollars annual revenue the enthusiastic blockchain supporter and help connect build the vietnam blockchain hub form the vietnam blockchain alliance and the largest blockchain community bitzenii application. hung hoang cto/co-founder master computer science, hcm university technology. co-founder yesiwant vietnam ltd co-founder garment factory, co-founder atomic vietnam ltd hung hoang has over years experience computer science. one the top students get the master computer science and being teaching assistant hcm university technology. being self starter, also co-founded yesiwant vietnam ltd ecommerce fashion company, co-founded garment factory small garment factory, co-founded atomic vietnam ltd technology company. his prior experience focuses distributed system, blockchain, erp system and artificial intelligence. bitceo whitepaper lam cmo transformational life business coach lam currently business trainer, personal trainer and expert human resource connection for the world's leading brands: actioncoach, icf (international coach federation) and engage grow. addition, also the speaker currently popular programs: leadership best practices, coaching skills, empower your life, disc ... consistently ranked among the top global business coaches, and currently training businesses vietnam from billion vnd. minh chu coo kiwigroup's founder minh chu founder kiwigroup one the pinoneer organizations educated about blockchain/crypto vietnam market, with more than events with over attendees the last years. viet nguyen cfo cpa, founder managing partner viet partners co., ltd; cpa, cfo vietgroup investment development jsc; former deputy director ito auditting co., ltd; former finance manager chief accountant mysquar ltd listed aim london stock exchange viet nguyen has been practicing cfo cpa for over years. result-oriented professional who looks deliver completed work with efficiency and clarity, matter how complex the issue is. specialized financing and raising many their largest and most prestigious closely-held companies such mysquar- listed aim london stock exchange. bitceo whitepaper phuong tran chief design officer ceo astrotemplates, which specializes website, concept art and graphic designs. prior founding and directing his own firm, contributed his leadership for years codespot, the first vietnamese company hit usd sales the world's largest template market themeforest. phuong's philosophy always strive and visually illustrate the essence and beauty technology. http://astrotemplates.com/ luan hoang mobile project manager bachelor software engineering, university information technology co-founder manager, core developer atomic vietnam co., ltd intern and work vng corporation for years, which years frontend developer for vuigame.vn and year backend report for vng web games (the main programming languages are php and javascript). after that, worked for years fullstack developer sieu si. from until now, has been working manager and ios developer atomic vietnam. hoan web project manager master computer science swiss federal institute technology lausanne hoan has huge enthusiasm for technologies and business management. after graduating from the master's program computer science, epfl, switzerland hoan gained vast experience while working for swiss firms and and co-founding vietnamese e-commerce site yesiwant vietnam. founder ceo wizy vietnam world class agency which helps develop digital business more efficiently, powered vietnamese top digital talents. bitceo whitepaper phung dinh chief hacker chief hacker atomic vietnam phung dinh has year experience the field technology and social network. his interests, outside technology include classical music and sports. trung trinh a.i. developer bsc (hons) computer science trung trinh has recently graduated from the university technology chi minh city with the second highest gpa the department computer science and engineering. the mastermind behind the real estate used zeniius, which also his bachelor's thesis. his primary interests include playing table tennis, badminton, watching us-uk shows and training deep learning model. his dream use algorithms build better society through automation. hon pham a.i. developer bsc (hons) computer science, freelancer ai, business softwares developing graduated from chi minh city university technology, vietnam. year experience researching and building deep learning models extract different aspects texts. year experience developing business softwares, won the first prize the business idea competition held university economics and finance with the project: easy location smart software finding locations). interested blockchain, participated the vietnam blockchain competition and won the fourth prize. bitceo whitepaper dang ngo a.i. developer bsc (hons) computer science dang ngo has recently graduated from the university technology chi minh city. his prior experience focuses artificial intelligence. loc truong android developer backend manager datvietvac, former software manager vng corporation loc truong has years work experience software developer. worked several big budget and key products for vng. nguyen nguyen android developer senior technical advisor passionate guy with comprehensive experience designing, developing and deploying wonderful software products that could revolutionize the world. bitceo whitepaper long trinh ios developer bachelor information technology chi minh city university technology long trinh has started working automotive engineer for three year, robert bosch engineering and business solutions vietnam. then left the company study and work software engineer. has done experiments for building software simulation systems, full stack development and mobile applications. and his partners ran small business called wiindi, which social discovery commerce platform help online shoppers discover, collect and track prices for any products from any website. really loves travelling. ngoc nguyen project assistant bachelor commerce (accounting finance) the university melbourne, australia prior contributing her support bitceo, ngoc performed auditing financial auditor for pwc vietnam and prior that, worked financial consultant anz australia. apple inc. australia also one ngoc's previous employers. with more than years living abroad, her outstanding organisational skills, exceptional language abilities, youthful energy and effective team work have been great assets the progresses bitceo. bitceo whitepaper advisors tho quan advisor phd, nanyang techlogical university, singapore associate professor, chi minh city university technology, vietnam dr. tho quan associate professor the faculty computer science and engineering, chi minh city university technology (hcmut), vietnam. received his ph.d degree from nanyang technological university (ntu), singapore. his current research interests include artificial intelligence, formal methods and blockchain. currently, heads the department software engineering the faculty. was awarded many research grants various levels, including the famous nafosted national grant. beside academic activities, dr. tho has also been r&d consultant for younet company, charge machine learning techniques (like sentiment analysis text mining) being developed http://www.younetmedia.com/socialheat-social-monitoring dr. tho led pilot research project funded ntu, which applied machine learning techniques predict flight delay changi airport, singapore (see local media e.g. https://tuoitre.vn/nguoi-viet-nghien-cuu-tri-chuyen-bay-tre-cho-singapore- .htm recently, dr. tho has also been interested blockchain technology. investigating research project applying blockchain for logistics, funded industry. anik dang advisor co-founder managing director sea, former developer firstblood technologies inc. firstblood technologies inc esports competition company that provides software for competitive esports many gaming titles including dota and pubg, serving hundreds thousands gamers and esports enthusiasts. anik core member team that raised ether less than minutes breaking multiple records its kind the pioneering space cryptoeconomy bitceo whitepaper thanh dao advisor founder nexty, mba cardiff metropolitan university thanh dao founder nexty platform one the best ico currently, nexty reachs top the marketcap with the total about millions dollars. being sleepless programmer since and also sale director real estate business after sunrise. combination between techonolgy lover business leader, who always find most effective ways deliver technology into business. blockchain its application are his most current interests. george nguyen advisor startup mentor career advisor google developer groups vietnam george experienced executive director across industries including it, fmcg, logistic education. he's business entrepreneur currently mentoring number startups vietnam. george opened for any investment/business invitation. his specialties include management strategy consulting and digital marketing advising. logan dinh advisor founder bighub.io logan has years experience digital viral marketing. the founder bighub.io top the top marketing agency for ico crypto projects. bitceo whitepaper toan advisor multimedia diploma marseille industrial institute, imc diploma, project management certification...vietnamese traditional martial art master. founder ceo seniart jsc years company). former project manager happyland circuit vietnam. ceo g.e.n community managing team member. pre business coach action coach cbd firm vietnam toan holds multimedia diploma marseille industrial institute, imc diploma, and project management certificate. vietnamese traditional martial arts master. toan the founder and ceo seniart jsc, which has been running for years. also the former project manager and happyland circuit vietnam, managing team member the ceo g.e.n community, and the pre-business coach action coach cbd firm vietnam. his values are happy, freedom, caring, passion, flexibility, and karma. recognized his clients for the "client centric solution" that offers. felix schickel ambassador ibsc business economics, marketing strategic manager bcoffee saigon, former founder viewmo felix schickel has finished his business degree germany and south korea and during his studies worked different areas (strategic development, marketing, sales and project management) for start ups, medium sized consultancies and started his own business has gain intercultural experience and connections the korean, vietnamese, australian, german and american market. interested development innovative strategies, consulting and project management. his current position closely related his interest and the implementation blockchain technology and the corresponding coins/tokens into the real world. his free time focuses professional photography, videography, arial photography and editing. bitceo whitepaper legal considerations bceo tokens are functional utility tokens within the bceo platform. bceo tokens are not securities. bceo tokens are non-refundable. bceo tokens are not for speculative investment. promises future performance value are will made with respect bceo, including promise inherent value, promise continuing payments, and guarantee that bceo will hold any particular value. bceo tokens are not participation the company and bceo tokens hold rights said company. bceo tokens are sold functional good and company may spend all proceeds received company freely absent any conditions. bceo tokens are intended for experts dealing with cryptographic tokens and blockchain-based software systems. due our aspirations for what bitceo may one day become, the bitceo core team have exercised legal diligence the lead-up our token sale, involving consultation with our advisors, and legal experts singapore, switzerland, china, and more. due the retrospective nature regulatory action, the bitceo team can make guarantees regarding the legality the platform launch any given jurisdiction. regardless, are confident in, and proud of, the work have done shape bitceo into what hope model regulatory compliance for decentralized applications and token sale. will responsive and collaborative with any regulators necessary going forward. bitceo whitepaper bitceo whitepaper disclaimers important notices the bitceo tokens are not securities defined under singapore's securities and futures act (cap. ("sfa"). accordingly, the sfa does not apply the issuance the bitceo tokens. for the avoidance doubt, any prospectus profile statement and prospectus need not accompany the offering bitceo tokens profile statement needs lodged with the monetary authority singapore ("mas"). this white paper does not constitute offer of, invitation purchase, the bitceo tokens any jurisdiction which such offer sale would unlawful. regulatory authority singapore, including the mas, has reviewed approved disapproved the bitceo tokens this white paper. this white paper and any part hereof may not distributed otherwise disseminated any jurisdiction where offering tokens the manner set out this white paper regulated prohibited. the information this white paper current only the date the cover hereof. for any time after the cover date this white paper, the information, including information concerning zeniius's business operations and financial condition may have changed. neither the delivery this white paper nor any sale made the related token offering shall, under any circumstances, constitute representation that such changes have occurred. zeniius does not make purport make, and hereby disclaims, any representation, warranty, undertaking, other assurance any form whatsoever any person, including any representations, warranties, undertakings, other assurances relation the truth, accuracy, completeness any part the information this white paper. bitceo whitepaper whether taken whole read part, this white paper not, and should not regarded as, any form legal, financial, tax, other professional advice. you should seek independent professional advice before making your own decision whether not receive any bitceo tokens. you are responsible for any and all evaluations, assessments, and decisions you make relation investing the bitceo tokens. you may request for additional information from zeniius relation this offer the bitceo tokens. zeniius may, but not obliged to, disclose such information depending whether (i) legal and (ii) the requested information reasonably necessary verify the information contained this white paper. zeniius not responsible for compelling any person accept bitceo tokens and disclaims, the fullest extent permitted law, all liability for any adverse consequences arising out relation such rejections the bitceo tokens. upon receiving any bitceo tokens, you will deemed have reviewed this white paper (and any information requested and obtained from zeniius) full and have agreed the terms this offering the bitceo tokens, including the fact that this offering does not fall within the scope any securities laws singapore and not regulated the mas. you further acknowledge and agree that the bitceo tokens are not securities and are not meant generate any form investment return. the bitceo tokens and related services provided zeniius (if any) are provided "as is" and "as available" basis. zeniius does not grant any warranties make any representation, express implied otherwise, the accessibility, quality, suitability, accuracy, adequacy, completeness the bitceo tokens any related services provided zeniius, and expressly disclaims any liability for errors, delays, omissions in, for any action taken reliance on, the bitceo tokens and related services provided zeniius. warranty, including the warranties non-infringement third party rights, title, merchantability, satisfactory quality, fitness for particular purpose, given conjunction with the bitceo tokens and any related services provided zeniius. bitceo whitepaper risk factors regulatory risks the regulation tokens such the bitceo tokens still very nascent stage development singapore. high degree uncertainty how tokens and token-related activities are treated exists. the applicable legal and regulatory framework may change subsequent the date issuance this white paper. such change may very rapid and not possible anticipate with any degree certainty the nature such regulatory evolution. zeniius does not, any way, represent that the regulatory status the bitceo tokens will remain unaffected any regulatory changes that arise any point time before, during, and after this offering regulatory supervision none zeniius its affiliates currently regulated subject the supervision any regulatory body singapore. particular, zeniius and its affiliates are not registered with mas singapore any type regulated financial institution financial advisor and are not subject the standards imposed upon such persons under the securities and futures act, financial advisors act, and other related regulatory instruments. such persons are required comply with variety requirements and standards concerning disclosures, reporting, compliance, and conduct their operations for purposes maximising investor protections. since zeniius not subject such requirements standards, will make decisions those issues its own discretion. while zeniius will have regard best practices these issues, holders bitceo tokens may not necessarily enjoy the same extent and degree investor protections would the case should they invest with regulated entities instead. fiduciary duties owed zeniius not regulated financial institution, does not owe investors bitceo tokens any fiduciary duties. this means that zeniius has legal obligation always act good faith the best interests holders bitceo tokens. while zeniius will have regard the interests holders bitceo tokens, also permitted consider the interests other key stakeholders and prefer these interests over the interests bitceo token holders. this may mean that zeniius permitted make decisions that conflict with the interests bitceo token holders. not owing any fiduciary duties holders bitceo tokens also means that holders bitceo tokens may have limited rights recourse against zeniius and its affiliates the event disputes bitceo whitepaper tax risks the tax characterization bitceo tokens unclear. accordingly, the tax treatment which they will subject uncertain. all persons who wish receive bitceo tokens should seek independent tax advice prior deciding whether receive any bitceo tokens. zeniius does not make any representation whether any tax consequences may arise from purchasing holding bitceo tokens. risks from third parties the tokenized nature bitceo tokens means that they are blockchain-based asset. the security, transferability, storage, and accessibility blockchain assets depends factors outside zeniius's control, such the security, stability, and suitability the underlying blockchain (in this case, the ethereum blockchain), mining attacks, and who has access the smart contract where the bitceo tokens are stored. zeniius unable assure that can prevent such external factors from having any direct indirect adverse impact any the bitceo tokens. persons intending receive the bitceo tokens should note that adverse events caused such external factors may results the loss some all the bitceo tokens. such loss may irreversible. zeniius not responsible for taking steps retrieve bitceo tokens lost this manner. risks receiving the bitceo tokens zeniius cannot and does not guarantee otherwise assure that there are risks relation the issuance the bitceo tokens. the bitceo tokens may, depending the manner which the relevant issuance effected, involve third parties external platforms (e.g., wallets). the involvement such parties platforms may introduce risks that would not otherwise present, such misconduct fraud the third party, your failure receive the bitceo tokens upon duly making payment because third-party wallet's incompatibility with the bitceo tokens. zeniius not responsible for any risks arising due the involvement third parties, including the risk not receiving (or subsequently losing) any all bitceo tokens issued you. bitceo whitepaper