bws team page bws bitcoin-based community-centric crypto currency with focus decentralization, privacy, and real-world use. utilizes energy efficient proof stake protocol and second-tier masternode network for inclusive community-based governance along with block chain based self-funding treasury system ensuring its sustainability. bws continuously striving achieve better governance system, instantaneous private transactions, and fungibility order remain next generation crypto currency. layman's term, bws basically form online digital money that can easily transferred all around the world blink eye with nearly non-existent transaction fees. you can convert your money into bws various exchanges and just hold earn rewards similar interest, trade exchange buy other digital currencies buy goods services online and offline where accepted. not owned governed any single person organization and its network secured thousands nodes all around the world its users. the goal bws advanced digital currency that fast, secure, decentralized private. page page consensus algorithm: pos zpos hybrid block size: total supply: (on june max supply: (on may i.e after years) block time: seconds (re-targeting every block) masternode minimum confirmations: transactions per second: block size can effortlessly accommodate transactions per minute (assuming each transaction size). mine-able: masternode support: yes, bws per masternode staking parameters stake-able: yes (earn block reward from coin ownership) minimum stake age: hours min coins required for staking: bws coin emission rate block reward: bws per block (split for masternodes bws) bws) for stakers) page coin supply control dynamic coin supply: all transaction fees zbws minting fees are burnt. pos stake eligibility (bws) maturity confirms: confirms wallet status: requires core wallet remain online and unlocked for staking. zpos stake eligibility (zbws) maturity confirms: confirms wallet status: requires core wallet remain online and unlocked for staking. (theoretical maximum. will actually lower due fee burning partial budget generation.) page transaction send eligibility minimum confirm (bws) confirmations minimum confirm (zbws): confirmations new mint the same denomination the network swiftx eligibility confirmations: for locking and spend. collateral held time: minutes. privacy feature privacy technology: custom zerocoin protocol based libzerocoin (we call this zbws) key features: custom accumulator check-pointing system accumulator modulus: rsa- zbws denominators: mint time: seconds spend time: seconds page proof work (pow) phase period may june (finished) proof stake (pos) phase period may from block onward (current) block distribution share block reward: pos share block reward: bws) bws) inflation each bws block produces coins means that coins will added annually which comes about total supply, which ideal because doesn't add much towards inflation. page masternodes these are incentivized nodes that receive rewards based their availability and their ability offer network services decentralized and trust-less manner. running masternode requires bws collateral for long you choose run the masternode and allows the owner vote budget and development proposals. these nodes are the backbone the present and future services offer the bws network, and such are rewarded slightly higher level compared just staking when the number them predetermined level defined the seesaw mechanism. code base: pos bitcoin core ..x bws one the only few proof stake cryptocurrency based the version higher bitcoin codebase, and the pos structure utilised does away with coin age, meaning order get the most out your staking you must keep your wallet open all times, resulting more constantly available nodes, strengthening the network. more users opening their wallet once twice month for few minutes and getting rewarded equally with those that have up-time with their wallet. page zerocoin zerocoin which has been implemented bws, protocol that does what bitcoin can not. zerocoin provides full privacy the users bws. the bws implementation the zerocoin protocol converts publicly view-able bws into anonymous bws (dubbed the bws team zerocoin bws zbws for short). when user wishes spend (that send from zbws, the zbws appear the receivers wallet regular bws without history where that bws originated from. swiftx instant transactions: swiftx transactions are confirmed and spendable within seconds, guaranteed the network masternodes, with need wait for multiple confirmations order confident the validity the transaction. cryptocurrency transaction privacy most common crypto currencies such bitcoin has well known public ledger system where all transactions are visible and traceable through its block explorer. this results anyone and everyone having the ability see all associated transactions and balances but more importantly its associated addresses well. this means that the history its page previous address owner now visible through your own address once the coins have traversed through the blockchain and end your own wallet address. address may seem like fully anonymous but you made transaction with address that generated the exchanges and/or other merchant services, you have essentially linked your anonymous address with address that may lead your identity. most scenarios, such transparency may not issue. but could become serious problem the coin that you hold was once associated with undesirable history your address was being targeted potential thieves. for example, coin you received was from address owned person organization that has been conducting illegal activities and was being monitored and tracked governing authorities. this now means that you may questioned your relationship the previous owner those coins that you now possess even though you received them legitimately and without knowledge. this could also mean that the coins with such history may deemed less valuable than those coins without resulting reduced fungibility. page our solution zerocoin protocol (zbws) overcome this issue, beginning with the v.. core wallet update released october bws has implemented well known highly-vetted protocol called zerocoin with many custom enhancements allowing blockchain-level transaction anonymity the way unlinkability. call this zbws, where bws unit bws and prefix for zerocoin. what zbws provides protocol-level coin mixing service using zero knowledge proofs sever the link between the sender and the receiver with anonymity and untraceability. this means that each coin that gets sent using zbws now fungible has determinable history attached them. the use zbws also means your balance can masked avoid being targeted potential thieves. this very unique feature that nearly other cryptocurrency currently the market possesses. bws zbws accumulators are encrypted using rsa-[] challenge generated keys which negates the need for developer trusted setup and means that individual knows the factors. this means that everyone's privacy ensured through the use zbws. page unique factor writing (sep bws the only proof stake cryptocurrency have implemented the full set zerocoin protocol ideologies and practices. while based the original libzerocoin public repository that was created academic cryptographers, the majority the bws zbws code custom, making zbws very unique also. original zerocoin whitepaper: https://isi.jhu.edu/~mgreen/zerocoinoakland.pdf unlike most other cryptocurrencies that currently utilize zerocoin-based protocol, bws zbws utilizes very efficient accumulator checkpointing system which allows the zbws spend process utilize checkpoints that contains all mints that were made prior the zbws mint being spent, well user selected amount zbws mints beyond the checkpoint. this allows for large pool coins the accumulator while still having much smaller computation requirements. bws's zbws implementation yields minimal resource consumption and makes zbws transactions one the fastest private transfers the market today. page bws zbws technical advantages smaller spend transaction sizes average over any other current implementation production environment (further optimization the works). fast verification and network sync performance. direct spend zbws bws address. multiple zerocoin denomination spends possible single transaction ability spend exact amounts and issue the remaining change either bws address more zbws. real life benefits using zbws zbws can hide your coin balance from prying eyes protecting you from being targeted. your zbws balance isn't linked any particular address. zbws can hide the transaction history the coins being sent. source target addresses aren't visible making private, safe fungible. zbws anonymous transactions are very fast. takes little seconds mint and seconds spend zbws. automatic conversion zbws enabled default but transparent transfer option still available. means that you can always send fully transparent transaction when required. page mint (convert) your bws into zbws denominations. (wallet auto-mints some default) spend (send) your zbws bws any internal external bws wallet address essentially the zerocoin protoco pools (thus combines) all the zbws that people have converted (minted) from their bws balance into set denominations and uses them send when spend initiated. keep mind that the pooling does not mean that everyone's zbws stored centralized location. rather, the public ledger (decentralized blockchain) keeps track how many zbwss are created. when you want send (spent) some zbws amount bws address, your wallet sends zero-knowledge proof the blockchain that allows the zbws converted back bws and sent the target address all single step. since zbws spending creates brand new coins spender can provide zeroknowledge proof that she has coins the accumulated pool (accumulator), the coin's transaction history from its previously associated addresses become unlinked and thus results untraceable transaction. finally, simple analogy. think zbws casino chips. you give your dollar bill (i.e. bws) the cashier and you get some x$, x$, dollar chips (i.e. zbws). this means that you longer own that particular dollar bill you exchanged and instead have "proof" that you still own page now when you need dollars back fiat (bws), you give your chips (zbws) back the cashier and the cashier delivers brand new uncirculated dollar bill recipient your choosing. page people often ask why they should choose bws above other crypto currency, here short list features that make bws stand out from the crowd. bws anonymous peer-to-peer currency. bws working towards private instant verified transactions its default transaction. bws community driven bws uses blackcoin's improved proof stake protocol instead proof work. more efficient keeping the network secure than pow. bws has incredibly low transaction fees that are typically fraction penny due the pos efficiency. this means perfect for micro-transaction business pricing models that previously existed using bitcoin. bws had ico. bws based bitcoin ..x core with some v.. updates and dash bws core v.., which means more date than most other pos digital currencies that commonly use lower bitcoin core version. bws has very large and growing active community multiple social networking sites such bct, discord, reddit, twitter, telegram, facebook etc. page bws has highly active, accessible and responsive development team. bws available trade multiple exchanges including crypto bridge and south exchange with plans added larger exchanges. bws has monthly reward inflation level approx. pa. bws has had consistently higher profitability percentage compared other digital currencies utilizing masternodes such dash since launch and even now. page spend security level when spending zbws denominations, user prompted enter security level choosing from indirect way, the security level parameter allows the user choose how many coins obfuscate their transaction with. security level for example, would take all the minted coins the blockchain before your mint was added the blockchain, and would then add any coins that were minted within the next blocks well. security level would the same thing, except add the next blocks worth mints. security level will add the maximum amount mints the current end the blockchain. the higher the security level, the more computation and time will take spend. although takes longer, level recommended for transactions that need maximum anonymity. handling change zbws made fixed denominations, there will times when the amount needed spent cannot made existing denominations. for example, you have single zbws denomination but you want send bws address, there will difference bws that will received back change. this change can compromise the privacy the transaction can lead back your existing address you mistakenly mix your change back with your other bws addresses. page order prevent this, there are methods that can used. first option the use the built-in feature that automatically converts the change back into zbws. this will spend the zbws into the required amount bws the target address, then mint the remaining change bws back into zbws. this the most convenient method. however, the amount change that not convertible denomination (the lowest denomination available will converted fee. the second option issue change standard bws address, which leaves you handling the segregation that bws from your day-to-day bws balance. this option can lead mistakes and not recommended anonymity important for the transaction. zbws data integrity every minted zbws denomination associated with unique serial number that stored the local wallet.dat and not the blockchain. this means that when new zbws denomination minted, the wallet.dat should backed the previous backup will not have the serial numbers for the newly minted zbws denominations. the serial number and other essential zbws data are committed the database (wallet.dat) before the transaction completed and broadcasted the network. this minimizes the risk losing your freshly minted zbws denominations during page unexpected event during the minting zbws, such crash internet connectivity issues. due its local database design, imperative that your wallet backed after every new zbws mint ensure that your denomination serial numbers are date. page this white paper introduces various concepts unique bws that will improve upon the design bitcoin, resulting enhanced platform that secure its ability maintain maximum privacy and optimal functionality for each user through immediate message propagation throughout the network and with the hope delivering less token price volatility. this all accomplished utilizing incentivized two-tier model, rather than the existing single-tier model currently used other cryptocurrencies whose function more closely resembles that bitcoin. with bws utilizing this alternative network design, becomes possible deliver various types services that include, but are not limited to, the decentralized mixing coins, instant asset transactions, and decentralized information transfer services that take full advantage masternodes and encryption encryption protocols. page