teleport: anonymity through offblockchain transaction information transfer dark paper for btcd captain james lee contact: nxtforum.org august, summary alice acquires treasure map drawn pirate jack sparrow. understanding that some pirates may untrustworthy, alice digs the treasure and moves different chest another location. she copies the map and updates with new marks the spot', crossing out the previous one and discarding the old map. alice loses her new map bob game chance. bob, suspecting that alice may have kept copy the map, moves the treasure, makes copy the map himself and updates with new 'x', again discarding the original. later uses the new map payment for catherine. such fashion, the map and the location the treasure change hands many times over. however, care taken when passing each map on, then there evidence for the identity any the previous owners. the only thing know for sure that the treasure and the first map once belonged jack sparrow. teleport uses packages called telepods send all the information required make transaction the desired recipient, over secure connection outside the blockchain. telepods are cloned the recipient prevent double spending, and sent the next recipient when desired else emptied onto previously-used account the blockchain again. the contents the telepod are therefore recorded the blockchain the point cloning. however, completely new address used every time, there way know who has held the telepod over the course its lifespan. the only thing that may conceivably inferred the original creator the telepod. part current approaches and limitations privacy introduction bitcoin has been hugely successful implementation peer-to-peer cash. the use proof-of-work and blockchain technology allows users establish consensus and prove ownership with centralised authority, enabling fast, secure and almost free transfer money over the internet for the first time. however, the transparency with which this system necessarily operates double-edged sword. the one hand, prevents fraud: everyone the network can see the contents any address and whether new transaction consistent with the existing blockchain, the shared ledger previous transactions. but this transparency also means that privacy almost impossible. there are several ways which privacy may compromised. three the chief means which blockchain analysis can used include: transaction linkage although each map bears only one current location for the treasure, 'x', evidence for every previous location preserved. the discarded maps show incrementally more disused marks, that studying previous maps perfect history can constructed where the treasure has been buried for each successive owner. itself, this may pose problem, especially there other information identify the owner. however, soon additional details are included the map such locations for other hoards treasure, frequented taverns, and then deductions may start made about who they are. although bitcoin payments are often described anonymous, they are really pseudonymous: the identity the owner given address may not known, but there permanent record every transaction into and out every account. nakamoto's original paper acknowledges this: 'the traditional banking model achieves level privacy limiting access information the parties involved and the trusted third party. the necessity announce all transactions publicly precludes this method... the public can see that someone sending amount someone else, but without information linking the transaction anyone.' [image: linkage] every bitcoin transaction traceable back the block from which was mined, well every other address with which transactions have occurred. moreover, this information may linked individuals through various means, described below. fingerprinting intending transition from life upon the high seas one honourable businessman, bootstrap bill makes known that wants use his savings gold coins purchase large amount jute. the east india trading company recognises this move threat their monopoly the jute trade. although the sale goes ahead secret, the company knows the going price for jute, gold coins per metric bushel. they therefore know that bill has probably purchased the region metric bushels jute. spies are instructed look through merchants' accounts for the previous week for such amount, the hope tracking bill and stopping him from selling his goods. every transaction time-stamped, and the entire blockchain can viewed anyone. alice known have made transaction bob around certain time, and there only one transaction recorded during the relevant period, then clearly the sending address belongs alice and the recipient's address belongs bob. even large number transactions occur that interval, may possible build picture over time based statistical probabilities. this approach, called transaction fingerprinting, has successfully been used identify owners specific addresses: 'first, developed system for scraping bitcoin addresses from public forums. second, include mechanism for matching users transactions using incomplete transaction information. for example, suppose hear bob say alice: sent you bitcoins yesterday noon"; though don't know the exact time the transaction (since "at noon" could easily mean the exact amount bitcoins (exchange rates fluctuate significantly), can generate candidate transaction matches and associated matching probabilities.' mantissa attack realising that the east india trading company know his plan and will monitoring the seas eliminate the competition, bootstrap bill decides sell the jute three different locations. meanwhile, the company's spies have discovered bill's purchase the ledgers wealthy merchant, learning that bought metric bushels jute. bill sells his jute batches and metric bushels. round number consignments are frequently traded and prompt questions. unfortunately, the spies are alerted the distinctive amount after the decimal point for the last sale, the company able determine where sold and therefore his most recent location. any amount money can sent with bitcoin, and since the exchange value floating and dollarequivalent sums are often transacted, these amounts may not round numbers leading very specific mantissa significand (the numbers after the decimal point). unusual amount noticed either because its large size, because appears otherwise arbitrary number then link may made, since the odds this being coincidence are minimal. alice sends bob bitcoins then the blockchain can easily scanned and any accounts transacting that amount tagged. even there are several addresses sending the relevant amount, some statistical correlations can made. 'order books for bitcoin exchanges are typically available support trading tools. orders are often placed bitcoin values converted from other currencies, they have precise decimal value with eight significant digits. may possible find transactions with corresponding amounts and thus map public-keys and transactions the exchanges.' using combination these approaches, entirely possible track payments through the blockchain and trace them individuals. this ultimately makes bitcoin 'more traceable than cash... you have great lengths cover your tracks.' current solutions there are number cryptocurrencies that offer privacy features mitigating against such attacks different ways, with varying degrees success. none entirely satisfactory either because the level anonymity gained limited, theory practice, and/or because the solutions raise other issues with regards the long-term viability the cryptocurrency. while technical solution can solve all aspects the problem, especially against determined attacker with almost unlimited resources, there are methods than can used protect the privacy cryptocurrency users. seems counterintuitive that could possible both enjoy the benefits publicly and permanently available blockchain, and maintain the privacy its users. however, this does indeed become possible significant degree with the use certain processes and advanced mathematical techniques. mixing hoard gold coins liberated from chest belonging captain crunch. should the thief intercepted with the gold his possession, his crime will known. disguise the theft, the culprit deposits sets and coins with series trusted pirate acquaintances, recovered later time series arbitrary amounts. since the stolen coins are mixed with other coins the chests, very difficult prove which coins really belong captain crunch even they could traced these locations. aside, worth remembering that there limited honour among pirates, the thief may find has been double-crossed when tries reclaim his loot. [image similar to: hyperlink "https:// www.darkcoin.io/downloads/ darkcoinwhitepaper.pdf"https://www.darkcoin.io/ downloads/darkcoinwhitepaper.pdf mixing services combine coins from many different sources before sending them back their original owners (usually for fee), with the intention obscuring where the funds originated. their simplest form, mixers are operated individuals and users are simply required trust them return their funds. this particularly unsatisfactory since they are often operated anonymously. more sophisticated forms mixing have been automated and incorporated into the protocols different cryptocurrencies. for example, darkcoin uses implementation coinjoin called darksend. this optional facility collects together inputs the same size (denominations powers are used drk, drk, drk and on) into darksend pool. coins are mixed within the darksend pool and are returned their owners series different amounts. the darksend pool operated master node elected from its participants. ring signatures most treasure chests can only opened with single key, carefully guarded the owner. however, known that particular treasure chest can opened several people: using the key owned the flying dutchman; skeleton key belonging hector barbossa; the ancient tool possessed guybrush threepwood; the toothpick belonging the dread pirate roberts. when the treasure chest opened, there way telling which these four keys has been used. image: ring signature representation second approach obscuring the identity the sender sign the transaction using one number possible keys. this made possible the development ring signatures, which cryptonote (also employed monero and several other cryptocurrencies) the best-known implementation. ring signature more sophisticated scheme, which fact may demand several different public keys for verification. the case ring signature, have group individuals, each with their own secret and public key. the statement proved ring signatures that the signer given message member the group. the main distinction with the ordinary digital signature schemes that the signer needs single secret key, but verifier cannot establish the exact identity the signer. therefore, you encounter ring signature with the public keys alice, bob and carol, you can only claim that one these individuals was the signer but you will not able pinpoint him her. drawbacks and vulnerabilities stated above, none the existing solutions are truly satisfactory, though for different reasons. coin mixing solutions are effective some circumstances but are relatively trivial deanonymise the level discussed this paper, where privacy centres around transactions between single users. increases computer power may render past mixing routinely transparent the future. compound matters, large quantities coins are hard anonymise quickly, unless there are similarly large sums with which mix them. ring signatures are substantially more powerful, since each transaction provides only statistical correlations. assuming each transaction has possible parties involved, with any length chaining the power statistical linkage quickly reduces the level background noise. coins based cryptonote may (like darksend) also minimise the problem mantissa attack splitting all the transactions into power-of- outputs (for example, ringcoins would treated rc). thus transaction obscured, though some weak correlations are still possible. centralisation and money flow the centralisation inherent most mixing services represents clear vulnerability. where trust individual required, this constitutes unacceptable solution for most users. additionally, '[darksend] masternodes can controlled and thus the controller the masternode can learn about certain transaction, they were inclined to. there negative incentive own many masternodes through their high price (so government agency wanted own all masternodes that would escalate the cost owning the nodes very high price) but this itself does not prevent the mapping the network certain degree. the next versions darksend aim improve this aspect particular.' mixing using protocols such coinjoin 'obfuscates money flows, and not account balances', meaning that information and off the blockchain can still analysed build picture accounts usage and owner identity. blockchain bloat ring signatures typically offer superior degree privacy over mixing solutions. unfortunately, one the major issues with cryptocurrencies that derive their privacy from ring signatures blockchain bloat. bitcoin blocks may contain several hundred transactions within package kb. monero block sizes regularly exceed and often but contain just handful transactions. the beginning august bitcoin's blockchain was around gb. (most the increase occurred the last two years, which account for over percent bitcoin's million total transactions and blocks that time.) contrast, monero's blockchain stood around after just three months and transactions: order-of-magnitude difference. these and other issues were noted one reviewer: 'there are some critical problems with cryptonote. the size the the entire project just enormous. key sizes are double the usual size. unspent transaction output sets and key image sets both grow uncontrolled way. most troubling the centralization point allowing anonymous person the internet choosing all our elliptic curve constants without explaining himself.' rightly acknowledged that 'cryptonote absolutely spectacular' and the advances offers groundbreaking. nevertheless, unless addressed, the blockchain bloat associated with the use ring signatures likely limit widespread adoption the cryptocurrencies based them. part teleport: new approach teleport different approach privacy that seeks use one the very features cryptocurrency networks that limit anonymity under normal circumstances: transaction linkage. teleport occurs off the blockchain but verified using the blockchain, utilising the benefits public record without suffering its drawbacks. teleport uses 'telepods' packages information containing everything required make transaction transfer funds securely and outside the blockchain the intended recipient. the recipient may may not choose remove the funds from 'hyperspace' this point, depending whether they trust the sender (in most cases, they will not; however, the eventuality that trust exists that sender and recipient are the same person must considered). key teleport that users are sending the capability making transaction their recipient, not actually making transaction the recipient. similar the example the pirate's treasure map, illustration can made analogy with bitcoin paper wallets. these can printed out and mailed another person, who sweeps the balance into new address that has never been used stop the first owner from spending it. they then print new paper wallet. the balance account may change hands many hundreds times this way. the only evidence the blockchain series anonymous addresses, with just one incoming and one outgoing transaction each, leading back only the first owner. the original bitcoin white paper, satoshi nakamoto anticipated the privacy issues that public and transparent blockchain would raise, and suggested using unique address for every transaction solution: 'as additional firewall, new key pair should used for each transaction keep them from being linked common owner. some linking still unavoidable with multiinput transactions, which necessarily reveal that their inputs were owned the same owner. the risk that the owner key revealed, linking could reveal other transactions that belonged the same owner.' however, even every user avoided compromise through transaction linkage following this best practice, transactions could still traced through other means, including fingerprinting and mantissa correlations. teleport dramatically reduces exposure all these. one-time addresses used avoid transaction linkage off-blockchain transmission and variable redemption time mitigates fingerprinting standard denomination telepods circumvent mantissa correlation before describing teleport more detail, necessary summarise the conditions and infrastructure within which transactions telepods should occur, and what this enables. prerequisites for privacy captain morgan recognises that although the system using maps carry value rather than handing over treasure itself effective, the participants could potentially identified they were seen together trail could later reconstructed from one the other. not wishing compromised any way, adopts complex but highly effective strategy disguising himself barmaid, using backstreets rather than main thoroughfares get the rendezvous point, and only travelling night. the public record the blockchain the primary threat users' anonymity under normal circumstances. clearly, transaction information being sent off-blockchain, then communication between users must kept private overall anonymity maintained. the case bitcoindark (btcd), which uses the measures described below, the necessary features are built into the client enable the full benefits teleport. teleport will also enable the anonymisation other cryptocurrencies, for minimal transaction fee. the most basic privacy required users the ability keep their address from being discovered. any efforts ensure the privacy cryptocurrency transactions can rendered useless allowing third parties trace this. for example, private cryptocurrency payment sent online store but the user's address visible, all payments received around that time are probabilistically linked that computer. information gleaned from the shipping address and any other personal details submitted can quickly pieced together discover the customer's identity. privacyservers captain morgan refines his secret messaging plan enlisting the help community like-minded pirates act couriers for different sections the journey. each one passes the message the next, until the final one gives the recipient and records delivery satisfy captain morgan's rigorous accounting procedures. ensure that none the couriers compromised, each one only receives instructions where the next courier located when given the message. couriers have idea the identity movements previous subsequent couriers the chain. the solution the problem information leakage the privacyserver. any user can run their own privacyserver simply running vps, there need trust any third party other than the vps provider. the privacyserver only able see who given user contact with, since all communication other than the initial setup and intentionally public information fully encrypted using daniel bernstein's networking and cryptography library (nacl). session-based keypair generated the beginning every session, even the event any single key being compromised, exposure time-limited. additionally, all communications are time-stamped and tokenised provide verification that account not being spoofed. using onion routing, the encrypted packet sent the privacyserver only has the address the destination and the encrypted data. the privacyserver sends the encrypted data the destination. (currently this information leakage deemed minor; however, order address this additional onion layer will added, that random privacyserver will chosen the destination that the user's privacyserver sees. thus even the user's own privacyserver cannot glean any useful information. this protects against breaches the level the vps provider.) graphic: "xxx".() indicates the contents are only decodable "xxx". indicates data packet [user's privacyserver.([jump privacyserver. ([actual destination.(encrypted data)]))] anyone monitoring internet traffic will only see that user has sent packet their privacyserver. the user's privacyserver has been infiltrated, will known that they are sending via the jump privacyserver, which was chosen random. this randomly-selected jump privacyserver will have compromised even find out the final recipient whom the package was ultimately addressed. rule, the encrypted data also tokenised that the final recipient can confident that whoever sent the message least had access the sender's account password. broadcasting rather proud his courier network, which knows will satisfy the vast majority treasure movers' requirements, captain morgan nevertheless wishes develop premium service that offers still higher levels privacy for his corporate clients. understanding that organisation with unlimited resources (such the east india trading company) could theoretically infiltrate part his network and learn some information about his business dealings, hits upon new idea. instead passing the map from one courier the next person, will arrange have each one simply display version the message public place such the market, for anyone see. long can write form that only the intended courier will understand, there will trail all between any them. indeed, careful, one else will even know what they are looking at... once effective privacyservers exist, point-to-point secure communication possible. this prerequisite for secure implementation teleport. there are remote possibilities which some path information obtainable, for the most secure communications, broadcast path will used. this simply takes the form of: [graphic] [broadcast.(encrypted data)] this instance, there stated destination address. although may seem contradictory broadcast message the entire network maintain privacy, sending everybody the same amount information leaked sending nobody, since everybody treated the same. addition the destination address the public key the sender also sent. this allows the receiver decode the encrypted packet. this public key the same the public key broadcast, then the same announcing who the communication from; therefore second keypair used for these broadcasts. this can one-time keypair each instance. order able encrypt the packet the first place, the destination's public key needs known. however, this public key can simply broadcast plaintext. the encrypted data broadcast using this public key. all the nodes will try decode all the broadcast packets, but only the intended recipient will able decode successfully: everyone receives the packet but everyone except the intended receiver the contents are meaningless. multi-signature capability one final refinement affords captain morgan maximum peace mind that his messages will not intercepted. whereas previously has sent copies the full map, albeit indirectly, decides copy the map several times, cut into pieces and use his marketplace system give them all members his courier network. complicate matters further, proportion the couriers the chain are instructed destroy their pieces the map rather than pass them on. the final recipient will slowly able piece together the map from fragments delivered random, but anyone observing any spy the network will never know the whole picture. additional security measures can established against attacker that able log all the packets between nodes and infiltrate some privacy servers. this aim, approach receiving packet suggested. the point transmitting telepod, each one split into pieces and sent random recipients, with random number these forwarding the final destination. this incorporates aspects another onion layer, but with ability statistical retransmit will create additional obstacles for correlation. image: -of- representation for reconstructing data for example, and (that is, each telepod split into pieces and are required the recipient), and each receiving node has percent retransmit chance, then average parts will get through, which enough for the receiver reconstruct the message. the event that not enough pieces arrive, confirmation packet not sent back the original sender, who will then retransmit. this return path can also m-of-n split sent minimise the correlations that are possible. the bitcoindark implementation explored below will allow values and significant percentage nodes are participating retransmission, then when node initiates teleport, doubt necessarily created whether retransmit the start teleport. (this requires the introduction random delays between receipt and rebroadcast.) separate use case for the m-of-n approach able create distributed cold storage telepods. one part can placed encrypted online storage, another offline medium such usb drive. with -of- approach, the final part cannot used without one these other pieces. one application would for donations split among group people, whom would need produce their telepods for the funds become available. (note: the 'multisignature' capability used bitcoindark actually implementation shamir's secret sharing, though this has the same effect requiring some all parts packet information combined reconstruct the data.) selecting different levels privacy, different levels onion routing and broadcasting can chosen. maximum privacy unnecessary for nonsensitive matters, especially since the more privacy required, the longer the transaction will take complete. overview the bitcoindark implementation teleport once the infrastructure secure network provided the privacyservers place, teleport becomes possible. bitcoindark uses implementation the teleport idea enable trustless private transactions. teleport transmits funds via telepods transporters. all the information needed spend funds included the telepod and sent via the encrypted network the destination. note that this not the same making transaction itself: the recipient can choose and when execute the contents the telepod. only this point the transaction made from the sender's the recipient's address though most cases this will happen immediately avoid double spending. each telepod uses newly-created address for the sole purposes the teleport. funds are sent from transporter account the originator any given set telepods, who will remain public record standard-denomination telepods, which execute transactions coins, and on. image: standard-denomination pods travelling new owner, being recombined, and sent new ones off-blockchain transfers captain ironhook has treasure-transfer outfit. hides treasure various locations and prepares numerous maps, ready give customers, but leaves them age and yellow his office. long does not need spend the treasure himself, there disadvantage this approach. quite the opposite, since older maps are likely raise less suspicion than new ones, which the ink still drying. this point, there activity the blockchain. the telepod 'hyperspace', outside the blockchain. the funds within have not yet been spent, and they remain the issuing transporter's account. the recipient trusts the sender not double spend, these telepods can simply remain storage the longer the better. under normal circumstances this will not the case. however, there may conditions when this occurs, either where there transaction between trusted parties, where the sender and recipient are the same person. the normal case will that the recipient immediately clones the telepods. this involves executing the transaction held within them, that the sender cannot double spend, and creating new telepod using the funds released. after cloning completed, the recipient can credit the sender with carrying out proper payment. because the address which the telepod has been sent has never been used before, and will never used again after the telepod has been passed on, still considered hyperspace. there interaction with address that can linked other addresses through the blockchain, save for the originating transporter account. image: complex web addresses, with onedimensional clone line from telepod originator blockchain bloating occurs: there has just been single ordinary spend transaction. and, whilst the blockchain records the fact that the telepod has been cloned, there information available off the blockchain about who carried out the cloning. save for the transporter account that created the initial telepods, all telepods are clones prior telepods, with transaction history their own outside that line. the contents telepod are identical the one that existed before it, with the same amount funds being passed the new clone. (over time, transaction fees will reduce the amounts the telepods, but this can ignored for now.) the address the first telepod known, though this account itself was fresh account funded via semi-obsfucated sources such exchange, then even the identity the original creator can doubt. example alice creates new telepod (tp). she sends this telepod bob, who immediately clones (tp') and sends catherine, who also clones (tp''). the blockchain, evident that the unspent outputs for were used create tp', which was then used create tp''. this only traces back alice, since the addresses tp' and tp'' have never been used before, and are only used once clone the next generation telepod. long the telepod not spent the normal way, correlatable transaction, the only thing the blockchain shows that somebody maybe even alice herself cloned and tp'. the telepods are cloned and passed around conduct commerce private. only the immediate sender and recipient know about each other, and even that can prevented using onion broadcast routing. this enables totally anonymous donations, means telepod sent via broadcast using one-time throwaway public key and sending address. privacy gains the east india trading company keeps record every transaction makes its ledgers, protected from unwanted readers sophisticated code. captain pugwash uses similarly complex code, but instead recording transactions between people like the company, prefers use his system maps and leave the question creating identity for the new owner decide. even his code broken some point the future, there will nothing track that leads back them, unless they want to. although mixing and ring signatures provide significant degree anonymity, they are both vulnerable advances computing that would render them worthless. the case ring signatures, there doubt who sending coins due different signatures being possible. with real-world usage r=, this gives results percent percent percent for each generation. however, all these transactions remain the blockchain, and any point the future the encryption cracked (which may possible with advances quantum computing), then ring signature blockchain will become transparent bitcoin's blockchain now. let assume that the attacker has somehow detected that account using teleport. with proper use privacyservers, this information should very difficult determine, and this extreme scenario. nevertheless, this case assumes that user known have cloned number telepods during some specific period time. there are two concealing factors here. one the total number telepods cloned during this interval. whilst teleport remains its infancy, this number could well smaller than and thus provides less privacy than ring signatures this respect. however, the corresponding network grows, ring signature solutions will suffer from extreme blockchain bloat, and the protection offered relatively fixed: ring signature with keys viable, whereas one with not. conversely, though, teleport usage grows, the privacy level automatically increases the same rate. clones the given interval means chance being identified correctly. receive telepod, somebody must have sent it. the sender's side, the situation even more favourable. the possible senders analysed are all possible prior recipients from the time the specific telepod was cloned. order gain more privacy, telepods simply need stored for longer period time. the receive side probability and telepod stored for times the reception window being used, the correlatability the sender similar the situation the receiving side, the more teleports that occur, the greater the privacy all without any blockchain bloat. the case that the encryption for teleporting broken advances quantum computing, there far better long-term protection than any system that records everything the blockchain. since the teleporting carried out off blockchain, there permanent record analysed: what happens teleporting, stays teleporting. funding transactions every time map changes hands, the treasure must moved different location determined the new owner for safekeeping. the only way achieve this hiring cart carry it. therefore every time treasure moved, logically follows that cart must have been acquired for the purpose. following this line inquiry with local (and usually cooperative) cart providers, may well possible establish the identity the customer. thus the necessity carrying out small transaction threatens compromise the secrecy the whole undertaking. since providing facilities move treasure and create new maps secret fundamental the health the pirate economy, deemed prudent make set carts available for general use cost the users. the overview above, transaction fees were ignored for the sake simplicity. real-world implementation, though, these fees significantly complicate matters. course, each telepod could pay the fees out its own balance every time was cloned, the minor loss being the minimal price that the new owner pays for privacy. however, this would necessarily mean that the telepods longer had the same values, destroying the advantages creating standard-denomination pods (resistance mantissa analysis). information would leaked, which could lead compromised identity. this means each telepod needs small additional input offset the transaction fee and keep its value constant. since this transaction fee input must come from somewhere, risks contaminating the entire telepod and leaving trail back the owner another party the system. finding clean source change critical. this source called minipod. minipods could created several ways. one approach simply wait for (smalldenomination) telepod arrive, and then use this the minipod. one small telepod can kept hyperspace the owner, and used fund all other telepods required for the foreseeable future (since transaction fees are typically very small overall proportion the funds being transferred). image: faucet payment and main account combining for transaction next owner arguably better solution have minipod faucet that sends out pre-made and pre-aged minipods request, via the encrypted network. ideally, large numbers minipods will created the same block they all look the same. let assume that this mechanism available. now, when the transaction fee replaced when cloning telepod, will link back the original creator the telepod line, and the faucet (which itself telepod issuer). telepod volume one-eyed willie keeps most his treasure cold storage, safe behind complex series traps and puzzles his favourite cave. for satisfying the needs day-to-day trading, requires number maps ready go. well ensuring ready supply unit hoards (consisting single gold coin) buried and ready go, maintains running total larger-denomination chests and maps. once has passed map on, always destroys any old copies, just case they fall into the hands the east india trading company gang enterprising pre-teens. since makes sense create many telepods are needed but more (due the costs involved tying funds), there needs mechanism for satisfying given level requests for teleport the most efficient manner. suppose that the demand for coins, delivered batches standard-denomination pods. can assume uncontaminated minipod will always available from the faucet, since this cheap arrange, the problem reduces finding the best set available telepods fulfil the total required. the older the clone date, the more protection exists. however, simple 'first fit' method will not work well, there also the issue matching the total amount with the right denominations. however simplified approach provides good starting point. take the first telepods, such that the total value these telepods but sum good practice prevent telepod sets that have not aged enough from being used, and this can passed parameter. using this parameter (or default), will also have list potential replacement telepods that are little younger than the initial set, but still older than specified. ideally, the selected telepods would exactly match with the least number telepods used, order reduce the number packets that need sent. there may deterministic algorithm solve this perfectly, but with the expected number telepods and speed the average cpu, this simple problem for genetic algorithm find the fittest set. using genetic approach also allows flexibility the criteria for the selection set. different users may have different requirements. assuming these requirements have been met, have the set selected telepods that now need sent the recipient. the event there not exact match for issues arise regarding where send the change without resulting contamination. sidestep this issue, addition the minipod faucet that will patch transaction fees, the system also requires supply telepods that are the lowest denomination supported teleport. since standard recommended denominations include and user will ever require more than these unit pods. (it makes sense for transporter accounts store larger number based likely estimations demand, since then more than one teleport order can fulfilled without waiting for more telepods age.) there should therefore always exact match between the order sum and the total value the telepods. they can then sent the recipient, await confirmation successful cloning. order minimise timing attacks, the acceptance procedure should randomly spread out over set amount time. again, user-specifiable parameter with some reasonable minimum requirement practical approach. the recipient can also immediately acknowledge receipt all telepods without cloning, the case that the sender trusted not double spend. while this not realistic for arm's-length transactions, for transfers internal single organisation avoids needless cloning and the expenses and loss ageing that creates. user creating telepods for their own purposes and later use, again there risk lost funds. upon receipt acceptance, the sender deletes the telepods. this potential (edge case) information leak the sender prevents deletion, but can never raise the possibility that untrusted sender will double spend. also the interest the sender delete the telepods, the sender's privacy risk (again, extreme cases) long these files remain their system. receiving telepods roger the cabin boy has received his monthly pay the form set standard-denomination treasure maps, delivered over the course the last week the pirates' courier network. broadly trusting his employer, captain pugwash, has choice about when move the treasure and copy the maps, and does not have this all once. decides wait until saturday recover some the treasure, since many other people will have just been paid and will engaged digging. the more people are active any one time, the less his own activities will raise the suspicions the east india tea company. the final part the telepod transaction process reception. the telepods arrive, they are processed according the stated trust level and user parameters. the case trusted sender, the telepods are verified contain proper unspent outputs the blockchain and acceptance given. higher-level packet that describes the entire set can used identify any packets lost transit and make the accounting simpler, though this not required for the proof-of-concept work.) the expected event arm's-length sender, the recipient should immediately clone each telepod, thus preventing double spend the sender. course, the event the sender does double spend, then the recipient simply rejects the payment, pro-rates the amount double spent. thus double spend inconvenience but poses threat fraud. the cloning process involves taking the unspent amount the telepod, adding the transaction fee equivalent from the minipod, and sending the funds newly-generated telepod address. after the cloning process completed, the telepods begin aging and can become part outbound teleports when satisfactory age threshold reached. the issue arises when clone each telepod received the set. simplify the processing logic, recommended await the arrival all telepods, specified the summary packet. this allows retransmission process complete before proceeding the cloning stage. the problem with cloning all the telepods the same time that this results much easier target correlate, especially the total amount substantial. addition general minimum time wait before cloning takes place, there need provisions for processing larger amounts. ideally, the total amount being processed the entire network would used determine the recommended duration the cloning process. instead specifying arbitrary time limit, privacy level can chosen such that all telepods are part large enough global set. the reception side far more critical than the sending side, due the significantly smaller timeframe over which this needs occur. this may result delays early the implementation teleport. the overall teleport activity increases, these undesirable delays will dramatically reduced, even eliminated totally: teleport works better and faster the more overall activity there is. leaving hyperspace roger the cabin boy has won number maps game chance. the problem arises that although the maps have changed hands anonymously dozens times that form, when actually needs spend the treasure the chests risks creating link that could followed back him. the simple answer that all the maps were originally created the legendary pirate, jack sparrow, and can traced back him. (since jack knew this all along, this consequence him.) roger can return the maps jack sparrow return for regular payment whatever currency prefers, and there will never any evidence that roger has dealt the maps all. this system describes the creation and continued use telepods within hyperspace, within set transactions that have further relationship with the blockchain and addresses that can identified their associations either other addresses which they are linked, other information available through external means. for some privacy-oriented activities, the telepods will continue circulating hyperspace and will never have rejoin the main (monitored) blockchain. this would provide the optimum circumstances for using teleport. there will naturally cases where users want cash out telepods that they can spend the funds within them, outside the teleport ecosystem. this represents significant vulnerability. just the original creation telepod traceable the address that first created it, the address which the telepod cashed out for general use will also visible. fortunately, there are effective ways circumvent this problem. some users will content move funds directly into their day-to-day accounts, especially the transactions are obfuscated other means (use mixers, for example, not precluded teleport). however, for the highest levels privacy, the following methods are recommended: anonymous bank card. through partnership with cryptocurrency payment processor coinomat, btcd balances can withdrawn bank card. when funds are sent the linked deposit address, they appear the card's cash balance. this can then used for online purchases and even atm withdrawals. the cards are delivered mail then there potential risk; the ideal solution this purchase for cash. this telepod fiat exit path offers total anonymous ecosystem for cryptocurrencies. blockchain withdrawals via the originating account. many cases, owners will want 'withdraw' the contents their telepods the blockchain, order use the funds normal purchasing goods online directly with the cryptocurrency, converting other currencies via exchanges, and on. since this represents second point vulnerability (the first being the original telepod creator), makes sense combine the two. thus anyone wishing cash out their telepods may via the original issuer. the outside observer, the line transactions simply follows loop from the originator back the originator, via unspecified number clone addresses: [graphic] input account transporter account ... transporter account ... output account conclusion captain kidd has devised cipher with which record the location his treasure. whilst adequate for the limited threat posed his own circle acquaintances, after the treacherous business with william legrand decides that extra precautions would wise. kidd uses his cipher encode the location his replacement treasure chest, and then buries these instructions second location, marked treasure map the established fashion thereby cumulatively gaining the benefits both forms secrecy. teleport offers robust anonymity for cryptocurrency users initially bitcoindark users, though the protocol will allow other cryptocurrencies anonymised through the btcd system for only minimal transaction fees. teleport's exceptional level privacy achieved not mathematically superior encryption more sophisticated mixing processes, but enabling transaction information sent outside the blockchain within complete ecosystem designed for privacy from the ground up. anticipated that bitcoindark will naturally compete with other cryptocurrencies offering anonymity features, including darkcoin and monero, which use variations mixing and ring signatures respectively. whilst solution can ever perfect, the addition wholly different approach the current cryptocurrency landscape must welcomed. the cryptonote white paper points out that the currency not considered full replacement for bitcoin, but that there are advantages having competing currencies: these are the circumstances under which innovation and improvement occur. bitcoin's immense network effect means that there little chance the medium term another cryptocurrency unseating it. the established digital currency for internet commerce, makes sense for users switch another form cryptocurrency without good reason though for private transactions they may choose another currency. nevertheless, teleport's versatility complete system rather than cryptocurrencyspecific algorithm mean that those circumstances where privacy required bitcoin another 'transparent' cryptocurrency, this eventuality also covered using btcd through third-party service. there also nothing stop existing privacyoriented cryptocurrencies from adding teleport their approach, either before after native measures are taken. this layered use anonymity protocols will provide exceptionally strong privacy for the most sensitive applications. further reading evan duffield and kyle hagen (). darkcoin: peer-to-peer currency with anonymous blockchain transactions and improved proofof-work system. hyperlink "https:// www.darkcoin.io/downloads/ darkcoinwhitepaper.pdf"https://www.darkcoin.io/ downloads/darkcoinwhitepaper.pdf michael fleder, michael kester and sudeep pillai (). bitcoin transaction graph analysis. hyperlink "http://people.csail.mit.edu/spillai/ data/papers/bitcoin-transaction-graphanalysis.pdf"http://people.csail.mit.edu/spillai/data/ papers/bitcoin-transaction-graph-analysis.pdf satoshi nakamoto (). bitcoin: peer-to-peer electronic cash system. hyperlink "https:// bitcoin.org/bitcoin.pdf"https://bitcoin.org/ bitcoin.pdf surae noether (). review cryptonote white paper. hyperlink "http://monero.cc/ downloads/whitepaper_review.pdf"http:// monero.cc/downloads/whitepaper_review.pdf fergal reid and martin harrigan (). analysis anonymity the bitcoin system. hyperlink "http://arxiv.org/pdf/ ..pdf"http://arxiv.org/pdf/..pdf nicholas van saberhagen (). cryptonote hyperlink "https://cryptonote.org/ whitepaper.pdf"https://cryptonote.org/ whitepaper.pdf satoshi nakamoto (). bitcoin: peer-to-peer electronic cash system. hyperlink "https:// bitcoin.org/bitcoin.pdf"https://bitcoin.org/ bitcoin.pdf see fergal reid and martin harrigan (). analysis anonymity the bitcoin system. hyperlink "http://arxiv.org/pdf/ ..pdf"http://arxiv.org/pdf/..pdf nakamoto (). michael fleder, michael kester and sudeep pillai (). bitcoin transaction graph analysis. hyperlink "http://people.csail.mit.edu/spillai/data/ papers/bitcoin-transaction-graph-analysis.pdf"http:// people.csail.mit.edu/spillai/data/papers/bitcointransaction-graph-analysis.pdf reid and harrigan (). jinyoung lee englund, spokeswoman for the bitcoin foundation. see 'silk road arrest exposes hidden internet', hyperlink "http:// articles.baltimoresun.com/--/news/bs-mdsilk-road-tech-__silk-road-deep-webinternet-privacy/"http://articles.baltimoresun.com/ --/news/bs-md-silk-roadtech-__silk-road-deep-web-internetprivacy/ coinjoin was first described hyperlink "https://bitcointalk.org/index.php? topic=."https://bitcointalk.org/index.php? topic=. see evan duffield and kyle hagen (). darkcoin: peer-to-peer currency with anonymous blockchain transactions and improved proof-ofwork system. hyperlink "https:// www.darkcoin.io/downloads/ darkcoinwhitepaper.pdf"https://www.darkcoin.io/ downloads/darkcoinwhitepaper.pdf hyperlink "https://cryptonote.org/coins.php" https://cryptonote.org/coins.php nicholas van saberhagen (). cryptonote hyperlink "https://cryptonote.org/ whitepaper.pdf"https://cryptonote.org/ whitepaper.pdf 'untraceable payments', hyperlink "https:// cryptonote.org/inside.php"https://cryptonote.org/ inside.php hyperlink "http://wiki.darkcoin.eu/wiki/faq" "what_can_i_expect_in_terms_of_traceability.f" http://wiki.darkcoin.eu/wiki/ faq#what_can_i_expect_in_terms_of_traceabil ity.f hyperlink "https://blockchain.info/" https:// blockchain.info/ hyperlink "http://monerochain.info/" http:// monerochain.info/ hyperlink "https://blockchain.info/charts/blockssize" https://blockchain.info/charts/blocks-size hyperlink "https://blockchain.info/charts/ntransactions-total" https://blockchain.info/charts/ n-transactions-total hyperlink "https://blockexplorer.com/" https:// blockexplorer.com/ surae noether (). review cryptonote white paper. hyperlink "http://monero.cc/ downloads/whitepaper_review.pdf"http://monero.cc/ downloads/whitepaper_review.pdf nakamoto (). hyperlink "https://github.com/cryptosphere/rbnacl" https://github.com/cryptosphere/rbnacl adi shamir (). how share secret. hyperlink "http://dl.acm.org/citation.cfm? doid=."http://dl.acm.org/ citation.cfm?doid=. hyperlink "https://coinomat.com/" coinomat.com/ https://