bitdeal ecosystem. (updated oct table contents introduction. what bitdeal? the industrial revolution. sharing economy. how works. vision. mission. technology. blockchain. proof work. peer peer network. roadmap. references. introduction. the fourth industrial revolution began the early st, following the great achievements the third time, which was formed into the basis the revolutionary digital revolution, with new technologies such blockchain, printing, robots, artificial intelligence, iot, smac, nanotechnology, biology, new materials. the whole world are the early stages this revolution and the hinge strategy for developing countries move forward keeping with the world trend and open new turning point for human development. bitdeal building ecosystem that connects businesses and consumers. based one today's most anticipated storage and information technology platforms: blockchain. combined with the business model able bring rapid profits for the business but also brings the common good for the whole society: sharing economy. bitdeal will play third-party role, connecting small and midsize businesses, with the need introduce products and services, reaching out large numbers users. users will enjoy the incentives from bitdeal partners; convenient and fast using the app, search for, order (or book) and pay. bitdeal expects build open ecosystem, anticipating new trends making the most the power technology. what bitdeal? bitdeal bitdeal solution technology ltd. new exciting and groundbreaking mobile application that will not only save you money, will make you money too. bitdeal cryptocurrency sharing economy the industrial revolution. ... the industrial revolution. industry revolution takes the automation manufacturing processes new level introducing customized and flexible mass production technologies. this means that machines will operate independently, cooperate with humans creating customer-oriented production field that constantly works maintaining itself. the machine rather becomes independent entity that able collect data, analyze it, and advise upon it. industry revolution components: cyber-physical systems, the internet things (iot), the internet services (ios) smart factory. ... sharing economy. sharing economies allow individuals and groups make money from underused assets. this way, physical assets are shared services. for example, car owner may allow someone rent out her vehicle while she not using it, condo owner may rent out his condo while he's vacation. some examples the sharing economy include: hospitality and dining: couchsurfing, airbnb, feastly, leftoverswap automotive and transportation: relayrides, hitch, uber, lyft, getaround, sidecar retail and consumer goods: neighborgoods, snapgoods, poshmark, tradesy media and entertainment: amazon family library, wix, spotify, soundcloud, earbits the sharing economy one the most common concepts the moment. refers services such uber (travel sharing application) airbnb (global online search service) and host other local names. it, uber has become symbol the success this type economy gradually leads the market with incredible numbers influence. bitdeal will provide its partners with application share their products and services with wide range consumers. allow them actively create attractive promotions, discounts. simultaneously manage the orders, improve efficiency business. ... how works. open the bitdeal app find the location for goods and services that you wish purchase. the menu bar, there are different categories goods and services you can choose from. choose the appropriate category what you desire and will display your options map. each supplier the map will offer their own unique discounts you. simply going the place business pick out the goods you wish purchase the service you would like take advantage of. when you are ready pay, showed them that you came for bitdeal. next, simply scan the code for the payment method you wish use make the purchase, then enjoy the rest your day knowing you got excellent deal because bitdeal. ... vision. create the next wave cryptocurrency. will widely used the community, like other existing currencies. the present era digital communication far the most important means communication. the information being transmitted prone various attacks (active and passive). hence, information security very important part the communication process. cryptography the branch information security that provides excellent method protect data. over the years many encryption techniques have been provided and used. this paper discusses different encryption algorithms (symmetric and asymmetric), newer areas that are being explored cryptography and its applications network security. promoting both the development cryptocurrency and new trading systems well financial management. the context financial difficulties and filled with uncertainty today, bitdeal believes that the development cryptocurrency with the help technological strength will bring tremendous potential the effort improve the current financial system, minimize the risk inflation the collapse banking systems that used interfered politics. ... mission bitdeal expects build open ecosystem, connects businesses and consumers. spending, saving and making more money for everyone. technology. blockchain. blockchain essentially distributed database records public ledger all transactions digital events that have been executed and shared among participating parties. each transaction the public ledger verified consensus majority the participants the system. and, once entered, information can never erased. the blockchain contains certain and verifiable record every single transaction ever made. use basic analogy, easy steal cookie from cookie jar, kept secluded place than stealing the cookie from cookie jar kept market place, being observed thousands people. current digital economy based the reliance certain trusted authority. our all online transactions rely trusting someone tell the truth--it can email service provider telling that our email has been delivered; can certification authority telling that certain digital certificate trustworthy; can social network such facebook telling that our posts regarding our life events have been shared only with our friends can bank telling that our money has been delivered reliably our dear ones remote country. the fact that live our life precariously the digital world relying third entity for the security and privacy our digital assets. the fact remains that these third party sources can hacked, manipulated compromised. this where the blockchain technology comes handy. has the potential revolutionize the digital world enabling distributed consensus where each and every online transaction, past and present, involving digital assets can verified any time the future. does this without compromising the privacy the digital assets and parties involved. the distributed consensus and anonymity are two important characteristics blockchain technology. proof work. implement distributed timestamp server peer-to-peer basis, will need use proofof-work system similar adam back's hashcash [], rather than newspaper usenet posts. the proof-of-work involves scanning for value that when hashed, such with sha-, the hash begins with number zero bits. the average work required exponential the number zero bits required and can verified executing single hash. for our timestamp network, implement the proof-of-work incrementing nonce the block until value found that gives the block's hash the required zero bits. once the cpu effort has been expended make satisfy the proof-of-work, the block cannot changed without redoing the work. later blocks are chained after it, the work change the block would include redoing all the blocks after it. the proof-of-work also solves the problem determining representation majority decision making. the majority were based one-ip-address-one-vote, could subverted anyone able allocate many ips. proof-of-work essentially one-cpu-one-vote. the majority decision represented the longest chain, which has the greatest proof-of-work effort invested it. majority cpu power controlled honest nodes, the honest chain will grow the fastest and outpace any competing chains. modify past block, attacker would have redo the proof-of-work the block and all blocks after and then catch with and surpass the work the honest nodes. will show later that the probability slower attacker catching diminishes exponentially subsequent blocks are added. compensate for increasing hardware speed and varying interest running nodes over time, the proof-of-work difficulty determined moving average targeting average number blocks per hour. they're generated too fast, the difficulty increases. peer peer network. peer-to-peer (pp) alternative network model that provided traditional clientserver architecture. networks use decentralised model which each machine, referred peer, functions client with its own layer server functionality. peer plays the role client and server the same time. that is, the peer can initiate requests other peers, and the same time respond incoming requests from other peers the network. differs from the traditional client-server model where client can only send requests server and then wait for the server's response. with client-server approach, the performance the server will deteriorate the number clients requesting services from the server increase. however, networks overall network performance actually improves increasing number peers are added the network. these peers can organise themselves into ad-hoc groups they communicate, collaborate and share bandwidth with each other complete the tasks hand (e.g. file sharing). each peer can upload and download the same time, and process like this, new peers can join the group while old peers leave any time. this dynamic re-organisation group peer members transparent end-users. another characteristic network its capability terms fault-tolerance. when peer goes down disconnected from the network, the application will continue using other peers. for example, bittorrent system, any clients downloading certain file are also serving servers. when client finds one the peers not responding, searches for other peers, picks parts the file where the old peer was, and continues the download process. compared client-server model, where all communication will stop the server down, network more fault-tolerant. road map. feb, found the team. apr, events seminar. may, ico. jun, bdl pool. aug, bdl app. sep, bdl wallet. dec, bdl exchange. references. consumer intelligence series the sharing economy https://www.pwc.com/us/en/technology/publications/assets/pwc-consumer-intelligen ce-series-the-sharing-economy.pdf review and recent trends cryptography http://ijsetr.com/uploads/ijsetr-.pdf gentle introduction blockchain technology https://bravenewcoin.com/assets/reference-papers/a-gentle-introduction/a-gentleintroduction-to-blockchain-technology-web.pdf blockchain technology http://scet.berkeley.edu/wp-content/uploads/blockchainpaper.pdf proof work and blockchains https://www.zurich.ibm.com/dccl/papers/eyal_dccl_slides.pdf peer peer network https://www.infosec.gov.hk/english/technical/files/peer.pdf