initial exchange offering leo tokens for use ifinex trading platforms, products, and services note: tokens will not offered sold the united states u.s. persons and other prohibited persons. see important considerations page this white paper. terms purchase are set forth the token purchase agreement. this white paper for informational purposes only and qualified its entirety the terms included the token purchase agreement. important considerations important: this document confidential and accepting delivery this document, you agree keep confidential all information contained herein. the document marketing document and not intended legally binding. nothing this document shall deemed constitute prospectus any sort solicitation for investment, nor does any way pertain offering solicitation offer buy any securities any jurisdiction. the information this document does not constitute recommendation any person purchase leo tokens any other cryptographic token currency and neither the issuer (unus sed leo limited) nor ifinex inc. has authorized any person make any such recommendation. restricted persons. the sale leo tokens not directed at, and each purchaser leo tokens will required represent, among other things, that they are not: (a) citizen, resident (tax otherwise) of, person located domiciled in, any entity organized owned certain persons (i) the united states (including any u.s. person pursuant the u.s. securities act (as amended)), (ii) canada, (iii) any jurisdiction listed the financial action task force high-risk with strategic deficiencies; (iv) cuba, democratic people's republic korea (north korea), iran, pakistan, syria, the government venezuela crimea (v) any jurisdiction for which the sale leo tokens, any offer solicitation respect leo tokens, would require registration licensing not obtained the issuer otherwise would unlawful which restricts licenses the activities the kind that can accessed used with leo tokens; (b) person under the age years (any such person falling under (a) and (b) "restricted person"). addition, each purchaser leo tokens will required represent that such purchaser outside the united states the time agreeing purchase the tokens, was outside the united states the time any offers sell any offers buy the token were reviewed, and will outside the united states any time that such purchaser performs its obligations under the token purchase agreement. consequently, you must make your own assessment your ability purchase leo tokens pursuant laws applicable you and confirm that you are not restricted person. registration other action has been will taken any jurisdiction that would, intended to, permit the sale leo tokens any country jurisdiction where registration other action for that purpose required. none the issuer ifinex any their respective agents representatives, making any representation any potential purchase leo tokens the legality purchase leo tokens such purchaser under the laws applicable such purchaser. purchaser sophistication. leo tokens are speculative and involve high degree risk and uncertainty the sale leo tokens aimed solely persons who have sufficient knowledge and understanding blockchain and cryptographic tokens and other digital assets, smart contracts, storage mechanisms (such digital token wallets) blockchain-based software systems and blockchain distributed ledger technology, able evaluate the risks and merits purchase leo tokens and are able bear the risks thereof, including loss all amounts paid and loss leo tokens purchased. potential purchasers must further make their own independent assessment, after making such investigations they consider necessary, the merits of, and their suitability for, purchasing any leo tokens and should consult their accounting, legal and tax representatives and advisers order evaluate the economic, legal and tax consequences purchasing leo tokens. forward-looking statements. certain statements contained this document may constitute forward-looking statements speak future events plans. such forward-looking statements information involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties, which may cause actual events differ materially. reliance should placed any such forward-looking statements information. private presentation. this white paper being delivered only selected persons, and not through any general solicitation general advertising. you may not, nor are you authorised to, deliver disclose the contents this document any other person. person authorized provide any information make any representation not contained this white paper the token purchase agreement. person entity other than the issuer authorized sell, resell, distribute the leo tokens behalf the issuer, ifinex, any their affiliates. purchasers leo tokens, any interest therein, from any person entity other than the issuer are not entitled rely upon this white paper the token purchase agreement. risk factors. purchasing the leo tokens entails risks and purchasers could lose their entire purchase amount. certain risks are described the token purchase agreement. table contents abstract introduction why ifinex ethos unus sed leo strong foundations for sustainable future our collective independent infrastructure unrivalled portfolio current projects bitfinex ethfinex trustless nectar forthcoming projects bitfinex derivatives eosfinex ifinex ieo platform licensed regulated security token exchange dazaar betfinex digital assets lightning network mfinex history doing right our customers the ifinex initial exchange offering leo tokenomics how participate conclusion contact abstract ifinex inc. (ifinex), privately-held financial technology company incorporated the british virgin islands, operates virtual currency trading platforms under the business name bitfinex, and provides numerous other cryptocurrency and cryptoasset-related products and services. this whitepaper introduces the initial offering new utility token, leo, for use bitfinex and other ifinex trading platforms. leo has been created with the ifinex and crypto community heart and mind. leo presents sizeable opportunity for existing ifinex users and those who wish use ifinex's platforms and services. special purpose subsidiary ifinex intends sell usdt billion worth leo tokens. this document will outline detail why proudly invite friends ifinex who meet the qualification requirements included the token purchase agreement purchase leo tokens, what this entails, and how natural extension our community ethos. introduction ifinex started its operations initially operating under the bitfinex brand, making one the longest-standing exchanges the industry. since then ifinex, through its trading platforms, has become one the best-known and recognized companies the cryptocurrency space with community passionate entrepreneurs, idealists and technologists that have together created one the best growth stories our industry. our guiding principle has always been innovation for progress. are known for building industry first products and tools that accelerate the blockchain promise freedom and scalability set out the original bitcoin whitepaper, "bitcoin: peer-to-peer electronic cash system," released also believe the best innovation and biggest progress comes from opening our doors the community, which why are dedicated education and open-source development within the cryptocurrency space. developing for innovation critical element progress within cryptocurrencies, but driving adoption equally important. maintain that the best chance increasing adoption cryptocurrency fiat currency cash flow increasing the speed and ease which fiat currencies can exchanged for cryptocurrency legally-compliant manner. not dispute that the end goal cryptocurrencies displace the place fiat our lives, but believe that achieving these goals will only possible after the ecosystem has developed and matured. moreover, investment from outside the industry needs reach the many vital projects that are working hard improve and scale the technology. for this reason, bitfinex fights defend the use independent fiat gateway. are humbled and incredibly grateful that many our customers and community members share our approach and ethos and have actively supported through times adversity. here share opportunity stand together, united our vision for the future crypto. why ifinex ethos unus sed leo our company motto, unus sed leo, latin citation from aesop's fable, "the sow and the lioness." the fable (in short) details how sow brags about how many children she has and then asks the lioness she only had one child. the lioness replies "one, but lion." this ethos quality over quantity and individual strength extends across several elements ifinex, from being privately-owned company our recruitment and operational infrastructure. also ideal that binds together persons linked our company, from team members shareholders, from communities individual supporters. strong foundations for sustainable future our ethos independence and quality extends into the very fabric our company, from our collectively individual team our operational infrastructure. our collective the team has grown organically over the past seven years headcount just over people may while have been fortunate attract hundreds inbound applications per month--often without active roles advertised not waver from our policy quality over quantity. only select those candidates the highest calibre that share our passion and vision lead the financial revolution. whilst the industry which operate renowned for extreme and often unpredictable fluctuations, our core infrastructure remains the same. the combination highly motivated and hard-working team, with carefully-designed internal processes, has been the backbone our success over the years. has enabled comfortably and effectively adapt differing levels market demands despite housing team fraction the size some competitors. our highly efficient structure has also meant that, during times low market activity, have not had reduce personnel count. the best innovation requires the best talent, and reducing numbers would have stifled the development industry leading products that keep consistently the forefront. much like the decentralised promise blockchain, strongly believe the power distributed team. operating remotely, scattered across the globe, are stronger through our diversity. having hive different minds from different cultures that can both challenge and collaborate with each other the key creating world class innovation. are distributed are diverse, but are all united under the same vision. work together towards the same goal, help and look out for each other, and celebrate our success together without ego. believe what and grow together, never more than the face adversity. the development team often surprises people learn that the ifinex development team comprises mere developers, may (from without exaggeration that believe have the most talented team the world. this small collective responsible for the sophisticated tools loved and used our customers daily basis. encouraging culture experimentation and learning has led product development from scratch that would otherwise have necessitated outsourcing, process avoid order ensure the highest quality products and services. good example this the forthcoming bitfinex derivatives platform, which has been completely designed and developed the bitfinex team. keeping the development house, were able match the unrivaled standards the rest the platform, creating customisable, scalable, and reliable solution fraction the cost outsourcing. independent infrastructure continuing our ethos strength through independence, have drastically limited the use third party solutions, operating largely through self-built infrastructure. january migrated from amazon web services onto dedicated, self designed datacenter with premium hardware that best suited high volume trading. this fundamental importance for two key reasons: control having control the core infrastructure means are able design best suit the needs our customers. also keeps control future hardware and software upgrades, they can take place safe and efficient manner convenient times according market movements. trust our dedicated servers are built high safety standards and mean that our customers need trust only with their data, subject applicable laws and standards. including third parties, storing data via the cloud, necessitates customers trusting unknown entities with their privacy. have also designed and built independent infrastructure help our team provide the best service our customers. examples include: new and more efficient kyc/aml/ctf/sanctions process, built standalone platform that can reused across multiple projects. streamlined ticketing/customer support center. here took existing open-source solution and customized according our extensive customer inquiry experience while ensuring that gave back the original open-source repository with new code submissions. advanced reporting tools that are open-source and have markedly more features available than comparable products. unrivalled portfolio ifinex has proven itself home for innovation, with diverse portfolio products that adopt many different aspects blockchain technology without compromising quality. below summary ifinex's significant markets and products, well brief look projects our pipeline: current projects bitfinex founded bitfinex cryptocurrency trading platform providing advanced services for digital currency traders and liquidity providers. bitfinex one the world's most advanced cryptocurrency trading platforms, and one the largest exchanges volume for trading bitcoin against the u.s. dollar. for the months ended march bitfinex had the largest share such trading reported data.bitcoinity.org. ethfinex trustless ethfinex trustless was the first product developed and launched using on-chain settlement and enabling self-custodial trading, whilst the same time directly linking into the bitfinex order-books. with full control assets, deposits and withdrawals, and direct connection the bitfinex order books, has become one the largest exchanges making settlements the ethereum blockchain. nectar nectar (nec) was one the first examples exchange native token. was created part ethfinex's path decentralisation, providing those that contribute the platform with proportional stake the long-term success the exchange. forthcoming projects bitfinex derivatives from its expected june launch, qualified bitfinex account holders will able trade new hedging product through derivatives wallet. the product will have usdt-based collateral (unavailable the rest the market), leverage and isolated margin for individualized risk level. eosfinex eosfinex the first exchange project built eos.io software, and also the industry's first fully on-chain, fully transparent and scalable exchange ecosystem. currently available beta with the full exchange due launch june ifinex ieo platform the ifinex ieo platform will allow qualified persons with bitfinex ethfinex account contribute pre-vetted token sales directly from her personal exchange wallet. projects that successfully raise capital this platform are subsequently listed the two exchanges, permitted applicable law, and token sale participants receive their subscribed tokens their exchange wallets. the first token sale scheduled for june licensed regulated security token exchange this venture will introduce exchange platform combining the existing securities market with the distributed ledger technology ecosystem, under the regulations emerging from some the world's most important financial hubs. through the digitization securities, the exchange will designed bring liquidity and transferability assets. will allow wider investor audiences partake previously inaccessible opportunities and brings wholly new assets market. this exchange will only available customers permitted under applicable regulations and will not available u.s. customers. dazaar dazaar conceived the next generation marketplace, enabling anyone share and retrieve large data sets decentralised, open-source, free, and encrypted network, without borders. this not-for-profit venture will open anyone and easy extend. scheduled launch within the coming months. betfinex betfinex will use bitfinex technology build what may the most secure, performant, cost-effective, and user-friendly and legally-compliant betting exchange the world. will combine state-of-the-art betting apis with high performance physical hardware set new standards betting exchange connectivity. offering superior connectivity tandem with industry-leading matching technology will, for the first time online betting, provide customers with experience comparable that low latency exchange. digital assets lightning network lightning decentralized network using smart contract functionality the blockchain enable instant payments across network participants. ifinex has joined with number other companies and individuals help develop and finalize the support for digital assets lightning network. ideally, digital assets developed and introduced ifinex, including the leo token, will among the first digital assets launched the lighting network. mfinex mfinex will modular and fully open-source framework tools, libraries, and protocols that will available for download and use. will pure ecosystem instruments designed used for exchange and, eventually, for derivatives products. our objective that mfinex tools, libraries and protocols will extremely lightweight and capable run any hardware (from raspberry pis mainframes). this project the ultimate form and vision for the ifinex ecosystem. with any business plan, the foregoing projects are subject change without notice and may not implemented described all. further information about current projects ifinex entities can found bitfinex.com/rm--.pdf neither this information nor any other information available ww.bitfinex.com forms part this white paper. significant commercial success ifinex has been highly profitable entity. has proven its business acumen through enviable commercial results and has remained profitable irrespective market fluctuations. the following tables set forth selected consolidated financial data ifinex for the years ended december and financial data are unaudited, presented u.s. dollars, and have been derived from our accounting records, but have not been prepared accordance with the generally accepted accounting principles any jurisdiction. instead, information presented accordance with principles, and reflects all adjustments necessary the view ifinex, for the fair statement results operations for these periods. historical results are not necessarily indicative our results any future period. furthermore, these consolidated results are not indicative the financial position the leo token issuer, which newly formed entity with limited assets and business operations. gross profit expenses net profit team size dividends shareholders history doing right our customers our 'unus sed leo' ethos means stand and move boldly and bravely, doing everything our power right our customers and the community large the face adversity. bitfinex hack the august bitfinex suffered hack, depleting the exchange btc. call this huge loss gross understatement, and many exchanges would and similar circumstances did throw the towel the face seemingly insurmountable odds. instead, the entire bitfinex team remained united and worked together find solution both save the platform and make everyone whole under year. bitfinex took unique approach, allocating the losses across all accounts and crediting specially-designed bfx tokens customers ratio bfx dollar lost. bitfinex honoured its commitment repay the losses. within eight months the security breach, all bfx token holders had their tokens redeemed cents the dollar, had exchanged their tokens, directly indirectly, for shares the capital stock ifinex inc. all bfx tokens were redeemed and destroyed through this process. additionally, bitfinex created tradable recovery right token (rrt) for bfx holders that converted bfx tokens into shares ifinex. the benefit rrt holders was that, the event any retrieval the stolen property, and after any outstanding unconverted bfx token holders includes revenues consolidated accordance with ifinex accounting principles, including revenues derived from the operation ethfinex, which will excluded from the calculation gross revenues for ifinex's repurchase commitment. dividends distributed refers the quarters which revenues generating dividends were accrued. leo tokens are not capital shares other interests ifinex and are not entitled any dividends. had been reimbursed, recovered funds would distributed rrt holders, dollar per rrt. bitfinex continues pursue multiple strategies for recovery. collaborating with law enforcement track and seize the stolen bitcoins soon they reach any exchange business. this approach bore some fruit february when bitfinex was able restore almost btc, thanks ongoing collaboration with the u.s. government. addition, the company working with industry leaders create procedure offer the hacker the chance safely and privately refund the majority the stolen funds while keeping percentage them reward for collaborating finally resolving this issue. there can assurance that these any other strategies will successful. crypto capital early bitfinex established relationship with payment processor known crypto capital. bitfinex strengthened its relationship with crypto capital the immediate aftermath service disruption initiated u.s. correspondent bank. late summer crypto capital represented bitfinex that funds its custody had been the subject partial government seizure, although they were expected released shortly. the end bitfinex grew concerned that crypto capital might fail return funds held there, and began negotiating credit facility for secured, revolving line credit commercially-reasonable terms. bitfinex actively working various jurisdictions around the world expedite the return these funds, and confident the future success these efforts, although there certainty that bitfinex will able recover these funds. nevertheless, the credit facility provides stop-gap measure order for bitfinex cover operational shortfalls. the ifinex initial exchange offering the summary below describes the principal terms the leo tokens. certain the terms and conditions described below are subject important limitations and exceptions. prospective purchasers should review the entire token purchase agreement, available from the issuer, including the risk factors stated therein. the summary below qualified its entirety reference the actual text the token purchase agreement. capitalized terms not defined herein shall have the meaning ascribed such term the token purchase agreement. issuer unus sed leo limited, british virgin islands company limited shares, formed for the purpose issuing leo tokens. see bitfinex recovers part the stolen btc https://medium.com/bitfinex/bitcoins-returned-to-bitfinex-by-u-s-government-feebb the linked information not part this white paper. token leo, utility token the heart the ifinex ecosystem. purchaser eligibility set forth the token purchase agreement. purchase price usdt per token. the issuer may accept other forms consideration its discretion. listing bitfinex will open leo:usdt market for peer-to-peer trading following the conclusion the sale tokens. maximum sale amount use proceeds issuer may sell maximum usdt billion worth leo tokens. proceeds may used for working capital and general business purposes, including capital expenditures, operating expenses, repayment indebtedness and other recapitalization activities. sales documentation purchase and sale the leo tokens shall the terms and conditions set forth token purchase agreement. token distribution billion tokens will issued the issuer. the tokens will sold private offering outside the united states without the means general solicitation general advertising. any tokens that remain issued may sold the manner and times determined the issuer its sole discretion. lock-up none. commercial uses repurchase and commitments reductions fees and other discounts bitfinex and ethfinex, described more fully herein, well similar fee reductions and/or other features and benefits for future ifinex trading platforms, products, and services. burn tax consequences monthly basis, ifinex and its affiliates will buy back leo from the market equal minimum the consolidated gross revenues ifinex (exclusive ethfinex) from the previous month, until tokens are commercial circulation. repurchases will made then-prevailing market rates. leo tokens used pay fees may also used satisfy this repurchase commitment. addition the above, amount equal least recovered net funds from crypto capital (described more fully herein) will used repurchase and burn outstanding leo tokens within months from the date recovery. further, amount equal least recovered net funds from the bitfinex hack will used repurchase and burn outstanding leo tokens within months from the date recovery. prospective purchasers should consult their tax advisers the tax consequences participating the distribution and owning, using, and transacting leo tokens. leo tokenomics burning monthly basis ifinex and its affiliates will buy back amount leo from the market equal minimum the consolidated gross revenues ifinex from the previous month, perpetuity until tokens are commercial circulation. repurchases will made then-prevailing market rates. leo tokens used pay fees may also burned. this excludes ethfinex and its sub-products, ethfinex launched native platform token (nec) which part its revenues are already allocated. addition the standard burning periods, based company revenues, ifinex will have the following additional burning events: recovered funds from crypto capital ifinex and its subsidiaries will use amount equal the recovered net funds from crypto capital (described above) redeem and burn corresponding amount outstanding leo tokens. net recoveries will calculated ifinex good faith and will net legal costs, operational and recovery costs, governmental charges, and reserves for contingent costs. ifinex and its subsidiaries may make repurchases multiple transactions over time its judgment long completes the repurchases within months from the day the recovery. for example, ifinex recovers october the deadline for the relative repurchase burning commitment (of leo equivalent) will april expected that smaller recovered amounts would utilized for repurchases within shorter time frame but that larger recoveries may utilized throughout the -month period offer protection from sudden market spikes and will result volume weight average price (vwap). recovered bitcoins from the bitfinex hack ifinex and its subsidiaries will use amount equal least the recovered net funds from the bitfinex hack (described above) repurchase and burn outstanding leo tokens. net recoveries will calculated ifinex good faith and will net rrt redemptions, legal costs, operational and recovery costs, governmental charges, and reserves for contingent costs. ifinex and its subsidiaries may complete the repurchase/burning commitment (of such amount) within months from the date the recovery. this period offers protection from sudden market spikes and will result vwap. for example, partial recovery btc the current market price btc approximately $,), would bring $m. after deducting (for the current outstanding rrts), would remain. assuming that was recovered net funds, ifinex would use least (i.e., least $m) burn leo tokens. utility leo will the utility token the heart the ifinex ecosystem. token holders will experience benefits across the entire portfolio and are expected obtain benefits from future projects, products, and services, whether not detailed within this white paper. initial benefits available leo token holders include: bitfinex taker fee reduction all levels leo holders' taker fees will reduced over all crypto-to-crypto pairs (including crypto-to-stablecoin). taker fees will reduced additional over all crypto-to-crypto pairs (including crypto-to-stablecoin) for traders with average usdt leo tokens their account during the previous month (calculated using every day the month). leo holding traders also reduce taker fees bps (=.%) all trading pairs (including crypto-to-fiat), floor the minimum taker fee .bps. for leo holdings valued usdt worth leo tokens (on average) the previous month (calculated using every day the month) are able withdraw usd fiat per month without additional fees. also, the additional fee will reduced (instead any withdrawal above usd fiat monthly. fee reductions are subject change bitfinex's discretion due changes fee schedules otherwise. bitfinex derivatives taker fee reduction (forthcoming) taker fees will reduced bps for every usdt leo tokens held (on average) the trader's account during the previous month (calculated using every day the month). the maximum discount capped bps. fee reductions are subject change bitfinex's discretion due changes fee schedules otherwise. other ifinex trading platforms, products, and services eosfinex will make similar discounts available for holders leo tokens. future ifinex trading platforms, products, and services expect make similar fee reductions and/or other features and benefits available leo token holders. how participate receiving this whitepaper you are part exclusive cohort personally invited participate private token sale. the private token sale will take place until fewer than billion usdt tokens are sold private token sale, the issuer may thereafter sell remaining tokens times and manner deems appropriate its sole discretion, consistent with applicable law. register your interest please contact leo@bitfinex.com conclusion hope this whitepaper has done justice the exciting opportunity ahead us. are truly humbled the ongoing support from the community and the strength belief ifinex. remain united and strong and, through our first ieo, welcome our friends join grow. ever, promise continue drive innovation for progress, relentlessly pursue quality, and, above all else, right the community. unus sed leo. contact leo@bitfinex.com