bitf: the zero emission bitcoin the bitf team bitf.cc august, abstract bitf (bitf) blockchain based carbon offset aggregator powered zero emission transactional digital asset. bitf will earn revenue through matching buyers and sellers carbon offset credits and processing their transactions transparently our blockchain bitf bitcoin based blockchain that focuses speed, security, energy conservation and the creation carbon offset aggregation system that will facilitate transactions exclusively using digital assets. contents introduction what bitcoin and mining? eliminating mining for proof-of-stake zero emissions carbon offset aggregation masternode system the carbon footprint masternode how bitf distributed? conclusion introduction satoshi nakamoto's contribution the world was nothing short brilliant. "his" code allowed for the peer-to-peer transfer wealth secure, direct fashion. wherever there internet connection there the possibility securely transfer value using bitcoin. bitcoin does not have any economic controls other than the baked-in inflation mechanism that will continue until coins are minted. bitf similar fashion inflated and distributes rewards however use pos rather than mining energy friendly way distribute the coin. pos rewards are paid out every masternode and every individual who owns bitf. bitf will pay offset its carbon footprint through buying credits from approved projects. what bitcoin and mining? bitcoin essentially giant ledger that distributed through large global network computers "nodes". the ledger record every coin and every transaction ever made with bitcoin. when someone initiates transfer bitcoin each "node" the network has the task verifying transactions. when number nodes have verified the transaction gets written the permanent ledger and the transaction complete. having global network nodes with copies the bitcoin ledger what makes the blockchain technology secure and counterfeit impossible. with bitcoin, the verified transactions are added block that produced every few minutes through process called mining. nodes the bitcoin global network compete add blocks the ledger solving complex math problem. the computer who solves the problem first gets the block and receives block reward for doing so. once bitcoin reaches max supply coins there will more block reward and miners will survive transaction fees alone keep the network going. solving the complex math codes associated with mining has led record power consumption miniers worldwide. mining expensive, generates massive amounts wasted heat. and has measurable detrimental effect the environment. the power required mine has increased over the years the point where bitcoin now uses more power than some countries. eliminating mining for proof-of-stake technology has advanced since bitcoin was released secret that bitcoin major consumer electricity. until the coins are minted, data centres around the world continue destroy the environment the short-term race mine every last coin. bitcoin needed mining subsequent project have shown that mining served its purpose and helped create industry. newer developments such proof stake masternodes witness servers have almost eliminated the power consumption associated with bitcoin. all blockchain projects have carbon footprints regardless how clean the code. carbon offset credits help plant trees, invest green energy and help take care the natural world around us. many our nodes and many our users are transacting with power derived from coal, diesel and other products. paying for carbon offset the only way counter balance these negative consequences. proof-of-stake more economical way mint coins opposed mining. rather than using complex computing power mine, new coins are minted are distributed the masternodes that run the network and everyone who holds bitf proportionately. pos ensures everyone has chance participate and increase their holdings without the negative environmental impact mining. masternode server run someone who believes the bitf project enough that they are willing put "collateral". masternodes process transactions, and host copies the blockchain. they are paid portion pos rewards offset server costs well provide incentive participate keeping the bitf network stable. masternodes are required put collateral which currently set bitf order run node. anyone can operate node using our linux windows software which available bitf.cc can built from source github. the pos reward system pays out the block reward masternodes and anyone holding the coin. this ensures secure network with lots nodes and fair reward everyone who stakes bitf before the coins are distributed. zero emissions bitf will earn rewards through masternode operation and pos rewards its stake. will also earn transactional fees through acting carbon offset aggregator. company funds will always prioritized ensure that remain zero emission above every other obligation. information regarding our carbon offset credits and information these purchases will updated our website. carbon offset aggregation carbon offset simply way balance some bad with some good. companies and individuals have responsibility limit their impact the environment but also help replenish it. our goal have every blockchain and every technology company examining their electricity usage and its contribution global issues like climate change. the only carbon offset aggregator that accepts digital assets bitf will not only earn money through transactions, but change the mindset technology companies who give little thought their direct impact the planet. bitf will release roadmap jan/ outlining the particulars the exchange and timelines completion. the main goals the project are provide currency neutral exchange that pairs verified carbon offset providers around the world with ethical consumers and businesses. bitf will charge transaction fee facilitate this trade which will give bitf ongoing source revenue purchase more bitf and invest development. masternode system the masternode system system that requires user stake least bitf order run node our network. owner the node they are entitled rewards for the cost their time and energy. this system different than the original bitcoin codebase requires participation committed stakeholders. this dissimilar mining where coin can intermittently mined with only download. the masternode system ensures more stable network run individuals invested enough have the "collateral". running masternode the bitf network can done with inexpensive vps server. through running your own node you have the possibility earning substantially more bitf than simply holding it. the carbon footprint masternode not all masternodes have the same server specs the actual power consumption varies from server server. the routing equipment and everything between your server and client outside the scope any meaningful calculation. masternode small vps takes about .kwh hours days .kwh amount: this very small amount and can easily offset. average cost usd per tonne would cost year per masternode offset its carbon footprint. with expected masternodes the cost bitf offset its network master nodes will only year. how bitf distributed? bitf built bitcoin base which means that there limited supply only bitf. there are coins that are yet discovered these coins will distributed via pos rewards masternode operators and anyone who holds the coin until all have been minted. bitf were obtained through premine help secure stake for the company, its founders, future incentives for bitf development, and the first coins sell market which will used pay back initial investors. belongs the bitf who will use its stake derive pos rewards fund its masternodes and carbon offset exchange platform. funds will also used further develop the blockchain codebase and buy carbon offset behalf the network. distribution follows: bitf bounties founder co-founder market sale conclusion bitf zero emission transactional currency and carbon offset aggregator. bitf will use its stake pay for carbon offset credits ensure that the network remains zero emission. the carbon exchange will allow businesses and individuals buy carbon offset credits from verified projects. these transactactions can take place any digital currency and are recorded our blockchain indelible record. bitf zero emission digital asset that will power the bitf carbon offset exchange. the exchange will allow buyers select individual projects spread projects buy offset credits from. buyers and sellers will able transact any agreed upon digital currency. transaction fees will converted into bitf providing revenue source and liquidity the market.