icorating bitjob basic review (https://bitjob.io) ico dates (.. ..) web: icorating.com email: info@icorating.com twitter: @icorating the bitjob project review about project name: bitjob ticker symbol: stu project type: decentralized marketplace for short-term student jobs, powered the ethereum blockchain. company location: tel aviv, israel website: https://bitjob.io/ whitepaper: https://bitjob.io/#whitepaper ico details pre-ico: august utc ico: soft cap: usd mln (,k eth) hard cap: usd mln (,k eth) token: stu, follows erc standard bonus structure: pre-sale bonus referral system: information team open source: information available team size: plus advisors developer team active: yes github: https://github.com/bitjobteam social media wiki: information available. slack: https://bitjob-slack-invite.herokuapp.com/ twitter: followers https://twitter.com/bitjob_team telegram: members https://t.me/bitjob facebook: followers https://www.facebook.com/bitjobmarket/ youtube: followers https://www.youtube.com/channel/ucptjrcupuztqqhyanpg project description bitjob decentralized freelance marketplace platform for student jobs, powered ethereum. stu the token used for paying for services within the platform. students and employers have similar problems all over the world. students not usually have much work experience, but during their education they always need earn money over short periods. the other hand, employers need cheap professionals fulfil temporary freelance positions. the bitjob project will connect students and employers solve these issues. addition bitjob will offer fraud prevention, conflict management, and participant rating services. resume the freelance market sector continues develop rapidly and generally profitable for investors. however, the market sector very competitive, and partial decentralization not enough alone capture market share. found the project early stage development. did not find any advantages over the competition enough distinctive features. conclusion pluses (strengths): growth the freelance market sector; easy understand idea; the project has many partners; one being the government the netherlands. alpha-version the software already launched. the platform's service easy use and understand. minuses (weaknesses): there are many competitors; financial model not available for scrutiny; the difference between minimum and maximum volume raised funds during the ico too great. stu tokens depend the platform's popularity, negative factor when considering future price. review competitors the project has large-scale competitors, both blockchain-based and centralized. the largest are: freelancer.com (www.freelancer.com), formerly getfreelancer. includes million registered freelancers. fee for both parties between and membership price per month. upwork (www.upwork.com), formerly odesk, merged with elance. one-time project price initial price long-term projects subsequently fiverr (www.fiverr.com). price any service the charge every sale equivalent service price. ethlance blockchain-based platform (www.ethlance.com). this project has already launched and fully decentralized. charges are fees are just for transactions the ethereum network. the list competitors mentioned above just selection; fact there are many. the project needs professional (and therefore expensive) marketing plan, appropriate pricing, and product good quality that differs from other competitors. market and industry review the freelance market large. the usa alone there are million freelancers, the usa workforce. they make billion, usa gdp. according forecasts, there will million freelancers temporary employees, the american workforce. according european data, freelancers have come make the total workforce since nowadays, course, freelancers are employed every kind concern from start-up companies large-scale established businesses. https://www.fastcompany.com//heres-why-the-freelancer-economy-is-on-the-rise; http://fu-webstorage-prod.s.amazonaws.com/content/filer_public/c//caa-f-db-adfd/fu_freelancinginamericareport_v-rgb.pdf technical aspects the platform the bitjob platform built the bitjob hybrid infrastructure. this both centralized platform traditional methods payment are used, and decentralized one (for signing on, identification, charging, distribution partners' remuneration, and on). start, student fills application the bitjob application interface. the application then sends this data student register, every student having number. lists students and employers are kept the blockchain. the ethereum network, unique account address created for users convert funds into stu tokens and vice versa. the service free charge and simple use; student offering his services enters the platform, chooses kind work, fulfills and gets payment immediately. alpha-version has been already launched; you can see and test this the official website. documents the bitjob website executed different languages; the whitepaper describes the platform's functioning detail. there general description development plans, marketing strategy, and the project's budget scheme, but there lack detailed financial data. ico platform for smart-contracts: ethereum blockchain contract type: erc- token: stu pre-ico: august utc the minimal buy-in eth. bonus for pre-sale participants tokens amount for pre-ico: stu million (including bonus). ico start: september maximal ico period: till october totat amount issued tokens: stu mln (%) presale crowdsale: stu mln (%) minimal goal: eth (usd mln the rate value for maximal goal: eth (usd mln the rate value for ..) ico price: stu eth. the final stu price adjustable accordance with market price eth. final price fixed the day token issue but adjustable during the sale. currency: eth, btc aminimal amount eth not reached, the crowdfunding smart-contract system returns the funds all sending addresses. reimbursement automated. funds distribution: contributors crowdfunding campaign: supervisory board escrow: marketing media bounties: founding team: ambassadors: development team members, bonuses: consultants team members: technical tokens for stabilization distributed network early stage: testing and bug bounty: there little information about pre-ico ico the moment. information hard cap, crowdsale, and total stu tokens being changed regularly. https://eth-to-usd-ru.currencyrates.money/?calculate https://drive.google.com/file/d/bvvmgzodfpbslbjzlhfagjnbuk/view https://medium.com/bitjob/bitjobs-nd-q-a-session-with-the-founders-ddec plans the project development the project was commenced november, the website was completed the beginning currently staff are preparing for pre-ico and ico september, (the token aimed listed exchanges october the project will then implemented according the following plan: creation beta-version quarter and later open platform for developers; the project will launched from the quarter with continuing further development. partners, the founders will start working with student unions north america. this successful, bitjob will expand work with universities india and china. the largest quantity students are these regions million. future the company intends launch another system funds collection and issue new tokens for each particular country, and integrate this system into the existing platform convert the new tokens. besides that, future they plan establish several projects co-operation with large-scale freelance platform developers. http://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/india/at--million-india-has-the-most-students-in-world/articleshow/.cms?from=mdr team the bitjob team consists people. four them are managers: dror medalion: ceo co-founder blockchain entrepreneur, industrial engineer and enterprise strategic consultant, specializing implementation erp systems and product design. (linkedin) bogdan fiedur: cto co-founder dapp, full-stack, smart contracts developer and blockchain enthusiast from canada, with over years' experience entrepreneur. affiliate programs specialist. (linkedin) addition, fiedur founder the adlandpro free classifieds project. aviad gindi: cfo co-founder mutual funds manager halman-aldobi investment house israel. entrepreneurship instructor mentor. (linkedin) elad kofman: cmo co-founder crypto investor and director marketing sales properties. expert marketing consumer relationships. (linkedin) previously, the founders developed ethereum-powered project with students' voting. the project aimed revolutionize the way students vote and make difference applying liquid democracy system union councils. the website this project, www.voterz.co., not currently active. marketing bounty-hunters promote the bitjob project. remunerations are paid for good reviews, articles, qualitative video reviews, and investment guidelines bitjob. addition, bitjob has partner program invite many students possible. student unions all over the world participate leading employers' professional training programs; unions receive remuneration from each transaction made their students. profitable system for each party, and positive point for the project's development. participating unions are not named however. mass media the project has contributed extensively the following websites (www.cryptocoinsnews.com, http://www.the-blockchain.com.), social networks, and blog medium.com.. the founders communicate slack, telegram, and bitcointalk. the company's many partners (including the government the netherlands, mentioned) help boost its significance and popularity. the founders promise increase the number partnerships with european government bodies the near future. https://medium.com/bitjob/bitjob-official-bounty-program-bdd https://medium.com/bitjob/introducing-bitjob-a-decentralized-students-marketplace-for-online-short-term-jobs-faq-- cdec https://medium.com/bitjob/bitjob-partnership-with-the-dutch-government-visit-to-den-haag-fbc contact bitjob developers: info@bitjob.io links https://bitjob.io/ thread https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=. whitepaper https://bitjob.io/#whitepaper github https://github.com/bitjobteam blog medium: https://medium.com/bitjob the information contained the document for informational purposes only. the views expressed this document are solely personal stance the icorating team, based data from open access and information that developers provided the team through skype, email other means communication. our goal increase the transparency and reliability the young ico market and minimize the risk fraud. appreciate feedback with constructive comments, suggestions and ideas how make the analysis more comprehensive and informative.