decentralized cryptocurrency-concentrated content payment community white paper background and positioning the project ..project background ..overview paid content market ..market pain points ..solutions structure the platform ..market and information application ..blockchain-concentrated community ..decentralized community operation based smart contract ..multi-cryptocurrency exchange engine ..multi-function wallet ..information encryption module ..platform development plan technical principles ..revenue distribution mechanism the team token distribution ..kan tokens ..distribute proportion ..revenue sources ..fees deduction ..fund utilization roadmap project risk description ..compliance and operational risk ..project market risk ..technical risk disclaimer background and positioning the project ..project background cryptocurrency market came into blowout development, and the total market value the industry was high and high. according the coinmarketcap website, the beginning there were more than types encrypted digital asset tokens, and the total market value the tokens was over billion. according the annual news hot search data released google, bitcoin, ranking the dominant position the cryptocurrency market, ranked second the global news search with the attention the people and capital and the expansion technology and exploration field, the dimensions the cryptocurrency market are also experiencing rapid development and change. cryptocurrency presentation diversified ecology according coinmarketcap website statistics, when the market developed fast, the number cryptocurrency reached with increase compared with the total number market currencies the number new digital currencies the whole year was accounting for about the number cryptocurrencies looking back the currency data few years ago, there was and from the quarterly data the number new currencies the first, second, third and fourth quarter was and respectively, with increase .%, .%, and respectively. the change the market value ratio each cryptocurrency data source: coinmarketcap with the emergence multi-currency, the cryptocurrency market also showing diversified development trend. turns from the initial one-pole situation bitcoin the multi-plate and multi-currency development momentum. according coinmarketcap data, the total market value cryptocurrencies, excluding bitcoin, reached billion with increase compared with the share the market value bitcoin fell from july january january the market value ratio btc was .%, the market value ratio eth was .%, the ratio bch was .%, the ratio xrp was .%, the ratio ltc was .%, the ratio nem was .%, the ratio iota was .%, and the ratio dash was .%. from the above data, the cryptocurrency market has shown diversified development situation. the market value cryptocurrency increases exponentially with diversification recent years, the scale global cryptocurrency assets represented bitcoin has been expanding. according coinmarketcap website statistics, december the total market value global cryptocurrency assets has reached billion. coinmarketcap website data showed that the number cryptocurrencies reached with increase compared with the same period the number new cryptocurrencies the whole year was and the market value increased compared with the same period market capital cryptocurrency billion billion billion billion billion billion billion billion billion types crytocurrencies billion billion market capital(usd) data source: coinmarketcap the demand for investment deals big, and the market affected news. according coinmarketcap data, december amount transactions cryptocurrency market reached the highest level the year, about billion, and the transaction volume accounted for the total market value that day. november the total number users the platform reached million, and the number new users single day exceeded this month, and the platform added users every day january the growing demand for investment the field cryptocurrency can seen from this. january there were cryptocurrency trading platforms. the investment market cryptocurrency, market news has strong leading force the market. the impact market news inseparable from the decline and fall several rounds cryptocurrency market. for example, mt. gox was stolen and bankrupt. five ministries and commissions china issued risk warning for bitcoin, which hit the prevailing market confidence and fell into bear market. during tense inter-korean relations, trump's successful election the presidency, brexit, japan's recognition the legal status bitcoin and other international events stimulated people's interest investing the emerging field cryptocurrency, and opened new round market trend. ..overview paid content market according iimedia research report, research report chinese paid knowledge market chinese paid knowledge users preferring financial knowledge accounted for .%, and paid knowledge users preferred individual consumption amount below rmb the other hand, blockchain industry emerging industry and has great demand for industry knowledge. the same time, users this area have strong ability pay and drive. data source: research report chinese paid knowledge market iimedia research portrait chinese paid knowledge users domain proportion financial economics education training consumer finance health regimen information technology entertainment combined with paid content and cryptocurrency payment scenario, the project team investigated the related products the market, and analyzed from the aspects community nature, payment mode, recharge channel and incentive mechanism, etc.. analysis for competitive products global cryptocurrency-content community platform platform concentra tedcummitny payment recharge channel positioning features precipitat ion globaliz ation incentive mechanism termi nal bitkan any cryptos any cryptos small communities diversification value incentive app web yours.org bch major cryptos content platform bbs value incentive web steemit u.s. dollar content platform bbs behavior incentive web currency key major cryptos content platform unknown behavior incentive unkn own beechat bee major cryptos instant messaging value incentive app snt snt eth instant messaging value incentive app qbao qbao major cryptos instant messaging value incentive app knowledg planet rmb rmb small communities microblog blog value incentive app telegram instant messaging app wechat instant messaging app ..market pain points lack high quality content aggregation platforms nowadays, there are many products for cryptocurrency segmentation, which covers wide range categories. but the face the growing demand users, products are getting more and more difficult meet the basic needs users. amongst all the cryptocurrency softwares, users often download multiple softwares meet just one simple demand, and use different softwares meet just one single fragment their needs. general, there still lack "aggregated" platform that meets the major needs users. imperfections multi-cryptocurrency payment there are more than kinds cryptocurrency the market nowadays, and the exchange between different cryptocurrencies still complicated, especially the exchange between nonmainstream cryptocurrencies. firstly, users have covert their cryptocurrencies through intermediate coins, such the conversion btc, bch and eth. large market fluctuations may cause asset loss. finally, users also need transfer the assets they exchanged back their own wallet. the entire exchange process long and complicated. although there are softwares that offer multi-cryptocurrencies exchange services the market, the exchange such platforms still needs face the shortcomings "long time" and "cumbersome procedures". lack diversified cryptocurrency-concentrated communities with the increasing number people interested cryptocurrency, the demand for social communication and information sharing this segment growing. social platforms are often used among crypto-lovers, such wechat and telegram, which have the defect that good contents are difficult precipitate. but for digital asset lovers, payment communities such "knowledge planet" are not focused the field blockchain and digital currency, and difficult for the communities interact with each other. for the users, difficult select the suitable community. for community organizers, there lack accurate and continuous channel expand influence among digital asset lovers. lack content output and realization channel cryptocurrency community, outstanding content composers can only rely single platform. query platforms are far away from cryptocurrency communities, and difficult form wider community influence. payments are calculated local fiat, which lacks connection with cryptocurrencies and makes difficult make international effect. ..solutions [bitkan's advantages] bitkan was founded app serving cryptocurrency users and integrating market, information, mining monitoring and wallet, provides four language versions, namely chinese, english, russian and japanese. now has more than million users from countries around the world. bitkan provides quotations and candlestick charts more than kinds cryptocurrencies from more than major cryptocurrency exchanges around the world. has achieved news cooperation with more than international medias. the daily news updates are over and the daily reads the news section over thousands. bitkan provides wallet services for digital asset transfer, such btc, bch, dash, eth, safe, and has provided stable and secure wallet service for the assets users. february the total user volume bitkan platform has reached million. the platform users are all precise users the field cryptocurrency, including million website users, thousands app users and thousands registered users. bitkan user statistics registered users app users web users cryptocurrency users the future, bitkan will built into community level service complex the era blockchain based its profound user base and excellent industry resources. [cryptocurrency-concentrated community] bitkan will provide cryptocurrency-concentrated community feature the blockchain domain. through this feature, users can enjoy the convenience brought the following functions. the establishment and operation accurate user community circle based cryptocurrencies. ii. publish, share and view first hand information the circle iii. excellent content composers can receive any kind cryptocurrency from the readers. [exchange multi-cryptocurrency one second] bitkan wallet will support the direct exchange more than kinds cryptocurrency assets. users can choose convert cryptocurrency the wallet directly into cryptocurrency time according the instant market exchange rate when using bitkan wallet pay transfer, which available any time. compared with trading platform, the currency exchange bitkan can completed directly the wallet. compared with other cryptocurrency exchange platforms, the exchange process fast, reaching second speed level. structure the platform ..market and information application bitkan currently provides price monitoring, news and information, mining monitoring, wallet and other services for cryptocurrencies. users can store cryptocurrencies simply, conveniently and safely through the bitkan app. the same time, they can check the market price cryptocurrencies major exchanges real time, get timely and fresh industry information home and abroad, and set price reminders bitkan app. and has real-time mining monitoring, which allows you master the running condition the mining machine whenever and wherever possible. [market] market monitoring has more than cryptocurrency exchanges home and abroad, and the real-time price quotation, depth chart and candlestick more than transaction pairs. [price alert] provides personalized price warning, staircase reminding, etc., which can help users monitor the market real time [comprehensive news] provides the latest blockchain industry news, help users focus hot news and understand the trend the industry. provide real time industry news and capture micro-blog, twitter and other social media information relevant masters. [mining monitoring] check the mining speed real time, and customize price alert, allowing users master the running condition the mining machine whenever and wherever possible. ..blockchain-concentrated community the team will launch the first blockchain-concentrated community around the blockchain industry based the bitkan platform. the community will encourage users produce high-quality contents, and users can get profits the form cryptocurrencies publishing high-quality contents. the communities created users the community will presented the form "circles". the creators can set the "circle" pay for admission join for free. composing high-quality contents, can attract other users join and form their own "circles". users having joined can read the contents the "circle" post their own content the "circle". the other hand, users can also set certain content for paid reading, the more people who read, the greater the income. users can also reward the content encourage the author continue compose more and better content. users can post variety types content the "circle", such as: status, blog, queries and on, and they can post various contents accessories through multimedia extension. through open source api, the future, more diversified contents can published the circle. addition the form content, the form joining "circle" can also set pay free. the circle owner can choose the corresponding form according its operation needs and create its own "circle". bitkan gives diversity the "circle", which allows every "circle" evolve unique "circle culture". interpretation product related concepts: [circle] blog group chat query bitkan circles video muti-function module--open source api for individual community created the user, the creator the circle owner and responsible for the daily operation and content composition the circle. users can create paid free circles. other users can pay cryptocurrencies join the paid circle. the paid circle can help the circle owners who compose high-quality content get profits cryptocurrencies. addition the circle owner, the members the circle can post content and jointly maintain the circle. [content composer] for users who post original contents the community, usually circle owners are content composers. but with the development circles, more circle members will participate the content output. content output one the main ways keep the circle operating. the circle owner attracts more "fans" through continuous publication original content, and gradually forms small "ecosystem". the content composer one the most core user groups the circle, and the quality content output them will help the whole community develop healthily and favorably. [content consumer] the community, users who join the circle and read content are content consumers. addition reading the contents, they can participate topic interaction and comment, pay for valuable circles contents, and form closed loop from content output content consumption. the actual value the content will reflected the process delivering the content from the composer the consumer. [key opinion leader] wemedia official teams group chat analysis authors exchanges tokens multi-cryptocurrencies supported free paid key opinion leader (kol). these users are mainly experts authorities the field industry segmentation, who have appeal, influence and considerable credibility their fields. kol's "fans" are very loyal, and they agree with kol's values all aspects. kol's recommendation reliable the "fans". "fans" will read and like kols' posts. the kan team will invite kols the blockchain industry join the "circle" and also hatch new kol from the "circle", improve the quality community contents and the loyalty users. ..decentralized community operation based smart contract the future, the community function will based the smart contract and realize decentralized governance the community. all circles the community will automatically generate unique smart contract addresses when they are created, and any transaction flow generated from the circle will settled through smart contracts, achieve transparent and open governance. users who create paid circles, publish paid content, and publish paid questions will all involve pricing, payment, settlement and other steps, well the collection fees that closely related project revenue. deploying smart contract, all payments and settlements any circle will automatically executed according the contract and packaged the blockchain, and the transaction records can queried any time. the user needs pay corresponding service fee the payment and the deposit, order maintain the operation the platform. the service fee will also automatically paid through smart contract the above process, and the service fee will part the project revenue. this part revenue also publicly available the blockchain, achieve transparent operation the project. decentralized community operation can not only make the community operates openly, but also can greatly improve the settlement efficiency the community. smart contracts based platform tokens (kan) will have broader application scenarios the whole ecology the future. ..multi-cryptocurrency exchange engine because the variety digital currency very diverse now, there are many kinds cryptocurrencies held users. according coinmarketcap data, january more than kinds cryptocurrencies are circulating the market. the payment between different cryptocurrencies often needs completed through multiple conversions, and the efficiency payment very low. order solve the problem multi-cryptocurrency payment, the team will simultaneously develop one-click exchange engine for multiple currencies, which will greatly improve the payment efficiency between different cryptocurrencies. the engine can realize multicryptocurrency instant conversion, which can used many payment scenarios the future. the engine will first introduced into bitkan community feature meet the content payment requirements the community. content composers can set their own collecting cryptocurrencies. the content consumers can pay any cryptocurrency, transactions will automatically converted into the cryptocurrencies set the receiver. the exchange will completed real time. cryptocurrency exchange, users need pay the corresponding service fee. the user holds the platform token (kan), the service fee will deducted the platform token (kan). platform holders could get fee discount the earlier stage the community initiate. ..multi-function wallet the team will upgrade the bitkan wallet features and provide users with more secure and convenient cryptocurrency wallet service. the upgrading features will include multicryptocurrency support, on-chain and off-chain wallet conversion, cryptocurrency exchange, etc. multi-cryptocurrency support wallet function has now supported btc, bch, eth, dash and other mainstream cryptocurrencies. bitkan team has scheduled more major cryptocurrencies into the development plan and has launched development some cryptocurrencies. the future, the team will gradually increase the supported cryptocurrencies accordance with the operating conditions and user needs. on-chain and off-chain wallet conversion wallet important function for users store their cryptocurrency. asset security the primary consideration for the bitkan team. meanwhile, order meet the needs user asset circulation, the wallet function will designed on-chain and off-chain separately storage. among them, off-chain wallet used store cryptocurrencies, and on-chain wallet used for deposit/withdrawing the assets. assets single user's on-chain and off-chain wallets can transferred each other any time. the security and circulation users' assets will ensured. cryptocurrency exchange through the wallet function, users can exchange assets different cryptocurrencies any time the on-chain wallet, and the wallet will deeply integrate the cryptocurrency exchange engine. users can complete the exchange tap simply. the future, the team will continue develop more practical features according the development needs and operation conditions the project. ..information encryption module information transfer between users the community can encrypted needed. users can use platform tokens (kan) encrypt the content published within the circle and private messages other users. only authorized users can view the encrypted content. for example, privately-set circle, any content posted the circle will encrypted, and only members the circle have the permission read. peer-to-peer communication between users can also encrypted, order provide privacy for users. ..platform development plan community incubation new users' introduction ecology abundance ecosystem linkage community decentralization enhance the user experience ecosystem expansion smart community platform evolution technical principles ..revenue distribution mechanism token will issued pay for the platform's paid contents and service fees. when using the token for payment, smart contract will deployed automatically. when users pay for the contents the "circles" and "query", the revenue can automatically allocated content composers through smart contract. the smart contracts which are based blockchain include the functions message (or transaction) processing and information preservation, and the information preservation and status processing are completed the blockchain. when message (or transaction) sent smart contract account, the script deployed the contract will triggered, the decision mechanism will initiated, and one more new messages (or transactions) will initiated based the outcome the decision. the payment revenue distribution mechanism which based the blockchain and smart contract. uses smart contract account, which can deploy divisible contract scripts the transfer account. when the user initiate payment, the account will receive the transfer and the smart contract will triggered. according the pre-designed ratio, two transfers will initiated transfer the revenue and platform service fee respectively the content composer's account and the platform account. the smart contract, which based the blockchain, written the block, and one can tamper with it. the revenue distribution conducted this way can completely open, transparent, and maximized ensure the interests community participants and contributors. income composer pay consumer smart contract platform fees the team the kan core team led the bitkan team. from the founder communications technology the participant internet revolution, and then the forerunner blockchain technology innovation, with the solid technical background and unique business vision, bitkan team has created the first aggregated information portal the blockchain industry. liu yang (leon) chairman the board bitkan leon, founder and chairman the board bitkan. the co-founder, led the company team from people, and got tens millions prea round financing. successfully created product used over industry users, namely, the well-known platform for blockchain: bitkan, the culture and product's advantages the company have been recognized and approved the industry unanimously technology expert the blockchain, leon was invited attend the block-chain seminar the ministry industry and information technology and the dtcc database technology conference and delivered keynote speech the block-chain. and promoted bitkan sponsor and board member facilitate the national federation logistics and purchasing block-chain application branch landing shenzhen. leon, once worked huawei technologies co., ltd, served the minister wireless and innovation department. when was the minister wireless and innovation department huawei, the middle manager, led team thousand people and developed the first batch tdlte (g) technology china, which leading commercial technology the world. the network builder current cdma (g, communications technology) china. when leon served the minister huawei cbsc (cdma base station control), deployed the first cdma technology china, innovatively proposed communication solution for open scenes with sparse population and wide coverage. china's plan "all local villages must connected" has been realized and the region commonwealth independent states (cis) has been connected, becoming the key help huawei open overseas markets, surmounted the cia, the united states, japan and other overseas countries. the pioneer huawei's first agile development practice, has promoted the practical process huawei's agile development. fang (fang) bitkan ceo fang, founder ceo bitkan, brings bitkan products the market from scratch, leads the company and the team constantly adjust the strategic rhythm under the premise focusing the goal and builds bitkan into the top brand the industry. fang also knowledge management practitioner. during her tenure huawei, fang focused operation promotion and implementation the practice community software within the company. she rich practical experience the enterprise knowledge management product planning, operation and promotion has served product managers and operation managers huawei, tencent knowledge management community, and the chief operation huawei knowledge management community. with three years operation and promotion practice, she built the community the hottest within huawei; fang has participated huawei's military knowledge management consulting project consultant for knowledge management expert guide the knowledge management practices huawei's frontline management team. tang weihua william bitkan cto william the co-founder and cto bitkan, has worked for several start-ups cto. has established develop team for ground zero. very experienced technical management. william used work huawei software system architect, charge gsm, cdma core network development. also has work experience starcom, charge cdma, mswitch and iptv product development. consultants wang baoming founder qimingdao wang baoming, knowledge management practitioner, has extensive experience the planning, implementation, operation and promotion enterprise knowledge management software. has been responsible for the implementation knowledge management software for many enterprises such huawei, siemens, cofco, petrochina, shenhua, goldwind, chinasoft international, etc. wang baoming also continuous entrepreneur who has successively founded qiming chuangxiang and xingzhe hulian, having rich practical experience business model, equity planning, company operation, product development, teamwork and personnel management. product designer, wang baoming founded qimingdao collaborative product, qiming kmc knowledge community product, and sun xingzhe product, having rich practical experience requirements analysis, product planning, prototype design and product implementation. jianming --vice professor dalian university technology jianming, vice professor, tutor doctoral students and master students dalian university technology graduated from dalian university technology received master's degree and doctorate computer science whose fields focus are: computer security, parallel computing, big data processing, software robots. published more than articles sci, papers the relevant fields investors jihan wu--bitmain ceo bitmain, well-known bitcoin preacher the industry. once founded the btc with chang jia, then founded the mining chip company, bitmain. steven zhu--lan venture capital once served huawei mobile president, mobile global strategy and marketing president, industry leader with many years successful experience created industry that has achieved billion annual sales. through years arduous efforts, has achieved the first technology, the first market size, the first the number service users the highly competitive mobile communications market. for many years, committed the construction international standards, and participated the global mobile communications standards (gpp, ieee, ccsa, nfv forum, etc.)on behalf huawei. partnership media partners token distribution ..kan tokens the token issued called "kan". strict limit billion kan will issued, and will never increased. kan will issued according the ethereum erc standard. the project team will develop the kan main blockchain synchronously. will convert the kan tokens the users who hold the kan ratio one one after the main blockchain online. convert details will announced officially over time. ..distribute proportion the total amount kan will billion, which contains parts: institutional fund-raising, core team reserved and operating expenses. the total amount will raised from institutional investors, mainly towards early investors and cooperative enterprises; the total amount tokens will used for the operation this project. this part the fund will spend ecosystem development, legal compliance, marketing and business development, etc. the total amount will reserved for the core team, which will used for team stimulation. operations fund unlock schedule period primary release year percentage quantity billion billion core team reserved tokens unlock schedule period primary release percentage quantity year year year million million million million the unlock time will calculated from the official release kan tokens. ..revenue sources kan's profit comes mainly from the payment fees, exchange fees and membership service fees. profit model includes: kan value specification payment fees collects every payment service fee. exchange fees the user can directly use the multi-cryptocurrency exchange feature bitkan wallet, which will charged certain percentage for every transaction. (about .%) membership fees provide member service the user, and the user can enjoy the specified service and discount from bitkan. other revenue other revenue that base bitkan's resources. membership fee users who buy bitkan membership services will able receive certain percentage kan tokens, including but not limited to: discount for paid content. the right read specific content. certain circles are restricted members only. other privileges based the bitkan platform. ..fees deduction bitkan service fees could deducted and charged kan tokens users hold sufficient balance kan tokens their bitkan wallet. fees include but not limit transaction fees deposit fees bitkan platform. deduction rate: deduction rate year year year after the year deduction deduction period will start the time kan tokens are officially issued. ..fund utilization the issued kan tokens will used the operation bitkan. order develop the project rapidly and continuously, this part the fund will spend ecosystem development, marketing and business development. branding and marketing: build the bitkan branding image; attract new users. will try achieve the comprehensive acceptance bitkan from the market. implements include but not limit to: advertisements online campaigns business cooperations resources interchange community and user rewards: high quality contents are the most valuable resources for communities. the ones who create contents, the composers should rewarded, well the active users whom help contents spread. implements include but not limit to: membership rewards outstanding community leaders rewards outstanding composers rewards active communities rewards active users rewards development and maintenance: develop the bitkan platform; ensure the safety and stability the projects; improve user experience.implements include but not limit to: community feature development wallet feature development underlying technology optimization contingent fund: prepare for indeterminacy usage proportion community user rewards branding and marketing development and maintenance contingent fund roadmap jan release white paper feb start developing site feature apr release site beta site internal test support query support donation support bch payment may site public test support article payment support eth and erc token payment release site kan wallet support kan pay service fees support cross-crypto payment jun release multi-cryto exchange support multi-cryto exchange wallet half deploy smart contract site kan main blockchain online project risk description investors should pay attention the following risks undertaken the project: ..compliance and operational risk compliance and operational risk refers the risk that kan violates local laws and regulations the process raising capital and conducting business, causing the operation can not continued. the risk avoidance approach taken the operation team for compliance and operational risk is: the local where the business conducted, employ professional lawyers, and design digital asset distribution, digital asset trading, block-chain finance, block-chain application and other aspects business under the legal framework. ..project market risk market risk refers the risk that bitkan platform and kan are not accepted the market, not have enough users, business development stagnant, and there sufficient profit support. the risk avoidance approach taken the operation team for market risk is: bitkan platform has been operating more than five years, after many years operation, has accumulated huge user base. through the accumulation operational experience and in-depth research, the project team has confirmed market demand exists indeed and formulated set scientific solutions meet the market demand. ..technical risk technology risk refers the risk that there are major issues with underlying technologies that cause kan fail perform its intended function and cause critical data has been tampered with lost. the risk avoidance approach taken the operation team for technical risk is: after many years operation, bitkan platform has been verified the market, and mature solution has been accumulated the underlying technology architecture; based the bitkan platform, well the mature, open source secure the block-chain technology, kan has been developed using architecture that has been approved and validated commercial customers; targetedly attract high-end talent join the development team, and constantly improve the technical architecture. disclaimer this document for informational purposes only and does not constitute any advice the sale purchase bitkan's shares securities. any such proposals solicitation will made under credible term and subject applicable securities laws and other relevant laws. the above information analysis does not constitute investment decisions specific advice. this document does not constitute any investment advice, investment intention instigation investment the form securities. this document does not constitute cannot understood provide any sale purchase, nor any offer buy sell securities any kind, nor any formal contract commitment. the bitkan team makes clear that the related intentional user has had clear understanding the risks the bitkan platform and kan token. once investors are involved the investment, they will deemed aware and accept the risks the project and are willing bear personal responsibility for any results consequences. the bitkan team expressly disclaims any direct indirect damages whatsoever from any participation the kan project including: the economic losses caused user's trading operation; any errors, omissions inaccuracies generated the individual's understanding; personal loss caused transactions various kinds digital currencies and any behavior resulting from it. kan token token used bitkan platform. kan token not kind investment. cannot guarantee that kan token will surely add value, while some cases has the possibility decrease value. people who not properly use their kan token may lose the right use kan token and may even lose their kan token. kan token not kind ownership control. controlling kan token does not represent having ownership products bitkan platform bitkan. kan token does not grant any individual any rights participate in, control, make any decisions regarding products bitkan platform bitkan.