bitmax.io exchange: innovative global digital asset trading platform updated september table content overview .............................................................. background .......................................................... our vision........................................................... bitmax.io exchange ..................................................... innovative digital asset trading platform .................................. btmx ................................................................ what btmx ....................................................... original btmx allocation plan (see key update after discontinuation mining) ....................................................... original pre-distribution token unlocking mechanism (see key update after discontinuation mining)........................................ key update after discontinuation mining .......................... btmx holder rights and ecosystem ..................................... multiple trading modes .......................................... stabilisation mechanism .......................................... token consumption ............................................ bitmax.io launch and expansion roadmap ................................. management team ..................................................... risks ................................................................ bitmax.io overview background with the explosive market development cryptocurrency industry, digital asset exchanges trading platforms have evolved one the most important parts the blockchain industry. they support the increasing market demand for trading and playing the significant role connecting primary and secondary markets for all the market participants from those involved venture capital institutional and retail investors, and ultimately facilitating the capital injection mechanism the cryptocurrency ecosystem. the economic model blockchain technology built upon digital tokens and the consensus mechanism- digital tokens unlock the economic value and activate the internal ecosystem the blockchain; while the distributed consensus mechanism ensures the efficiency the operating platforms. the incentive system aligned with business model and economic interests key stakeholders the core driver the development blockchain projects the cryptocurrency economy. the blockchain technology has emerged the core system and tools support autonomous management. after satoshi nakamoto established set general rules his white paper "bitcoin: peer-to-peer electronic cash system", the entire blockchain community has built upon decentralized approach, further gradually evolving into distributed autonomous system. similar the traditional market economic system, the distribution products dependent upon the quantity and the output resoures and supporting processes; whereas the right usage, ownership and right operate together with investors, shareholders, employees, and customers are fully integrated the blockchain eco-community. result, all the participants would share the benefits ecosystem development and support better utlization resources, order create virtuous cycle profitability and sustainability. the recent development and expansion the blockchain ecosystem has ushered new era the distributed autonomous economy over the traditional economical forms both capitalism and socialism. our vision the bitmax.io (btmx.com) team believes that blockchain technology improving the efficiency organisational collaboration through user-based intrinsic value exchange system. bitmax.io with this vision sight, the bitmax.io team has launched bitmax.io, innovative next-generation digital asset trading platform, the mission support financial market innovation and advancement digital asset economy. the bitmax.io team hopes that through building upon series open and fair market rules, bitmax.io would able boost the liquidity overall market, enhance market depth, and support the blockchain structural optimisation. leveraging blockchain technology well bitmax.io team's deep global trading and management expertise across traditional finance and internet industries, bitmax.io aims establish leading global trading platform that provides broad range trading products and services for global retail and institutional clients with its relentless focus transparency, reliability and quality execution and client services. bitmax.io exchange innovative digital asset trading platform transparency the core requirements blockchain ecosystem are based off transparent business rules, bitmax.io launching high-performance trading platform that can support real-time settlement and consistent -hour trading operations with transparency all the transaction records upon request. high-performance design institutional-quality trading architecture with advanced in-memory matching algorithms, asynchronous non-blocking read and write, distributed real-time messaging framework and other advanced technologies achieve high reliability, high performance, security, scalability, and easy maintenance. friendly trading environment with support for api and web app access. with estimated processing speed transactions per second, the api interface supports multiple order types and provides trading support across retail clients professional traders and investors. security the security management system was built cooperation with third-party independent security firm. furthermore, industry experts conduct the review code and overall architecture design before the system went live. multi-level firewalls set monitor system data processing real time. the area digital asset security, multi-signature bitmax.io requirements and combination hot and cold wallet solutions are implemented provide security for digital assets customers. trading products the platform bitmax.io initially supported the crypto-to-crypto spot trading model. since the launch, the platform has implemented other advanced order types, such limited order, stop limit order and stop market order, and expanded margin trading and other account balance management services. the early stage the trading platform setup, bitmax.io provided the support the following mainstream tokens: btc eth bch ltc usdt other top erc tokens. since then, the number trading pairs have increased greatly. for the latest information, please check the platform. part listing service offering, other high-quality tokens will gradually introduced the platform bitmax.io once they meet the platform's comprehensive listing criteria. you would like have your token listed and traded bitmax.io trading platform, please contact the team support@bitmax.io. november btmx(bitmax.io native token) was listed with the launch transaction mining and reverse mining part initial ecosystem buildout. september the combined modes transaction mining and reverse mining was discontinued the platform enters into new phase business expansion per execution business plan. the platform currently does not support fiat currency, such as: usd, rmb, jpy, krw, etc. market liquidity bitmax.io with deep resources and broad support from many partners the industry, the bitmax.io team has reached out number domestic and foreign trading partners who have indicated that they would commence their trading the platform bitmax.io upon the launch and help supporting the adequate liquidity for the platform. multi-lingual support the initial release version the platform bitmax.io supports both english and chinese. later releases will gradually support other languages such japan and south korea, etc. multi-lingual support critical building blockchain digital asset trading platform. full-platform customer support web browser android client, ios client html mobile, client btmx what btmx the native digital cryptographically-secured utility token bitmax.io (btmx) major component the ecosystem bitmax.io, and designed used solely the primary token the platform. btmx will initially issued the distributor erc- standard compliant digital tokens the ethereum blockchain. btmx non-refundable functional utility token which will used the unit exchange between participants bitmax.io. the goal introducing btmx provide convenient and secure mode payment and settlement between participants who interact within the ecosystem bitmax.io. btmx does not any way represent any shareholding, participation, right, title, interest the foundation, the distributor its affiliates, any other company, enterprise undertaking, nor will btmx entitle token holders any promise fees, dividends, revenue, profits investment returns, and are not intended constitute securities singapore any relevant jurisdiction. btmx may only utilised bitmax.io, and ownership btmx carries rights, express implied, other than the right use btmx means enable usage and interaction within bitmax.io. bitmax.io btmx would also function the economic incentive incentivise users participate the bitmax.io ecosystem. users bitmax.io and/or holders btmx. which did not actively participate will not receive any btmx incentives. the distributor which issues and sells btmx shall affiliate the foundation. the limit billion btmx strictly imposed without any further increase. initially the users can obtain btmx through the mining mode "transaction mining" launched novembe where eligible users can receive btmx based off trading volume. however the mining mode has been decided discontinued september btmx can also purchased the bitmax.io trading platform under the trading pairs btmx/usdt and btmx/btc. other trading pairs will assessed and potentially considered the future. original btmx allocation plan (see key update after discontinuation mining) total issuance set aside for pre-distribution subject the unlocking mechanism below early supporters, strategic partner, team and platform, foundation, private sales, marketing and operating) would released and distributed incentivise users daily participate transaction mining, total btmx circulation daily mining production btmx the private sale portion (which total issuance) would released prior the rest hence designated pre-release amount (.% total issuance). original pre-distribution token unlocking mechanism (see key update after discontinuation mining) unlocking mechanism: the number tokens distributed part pre-distribution total issuance) would unlocked daily according the ratio unlocking priority: the the private sales portion (pre-release) would first prioritised for preferential unlocking. the rest the pre-distribution tokens will afterwards subject the unlocking mechanism described above the pro-rata base. bitmax.io key update after discontinuation mining all pending mining portion subject permanent lock-up. further details will published the website. release mechanism for private sale participants private sale participants will first prioritized for initial release. private sale release function for team, foundation, and institutional investors will temporarily suspended. further details will published the website. please note that the mechanism above will subject future change based market conditions. addition, the platform will determine whether release private sale portion for team, foundation and institutional investors every months. particular, you understand and accept that btmx: (a) non-refundable and cannot exchanged for cash (or its equivalent value any other virtual currency) any payment obligation the foundation, the distributor any affiliate; (b) does not represent confer the token holder any right any form with respect the foundation, the distributor (or any its affiliates), its revenues assets, including without limitation any right receive future dividends, revenue, shares, ownership right stake, share security, any voting, distribution, redemption, liquidation, proprietary (including all forms intellectual property licence rights), other financial legal rights equivalent rights, intellectual property rights any other form participation relating bitmax.io, the foundation, the distributor and/or their service providers; (c) not intended represent any rights under contract for differences under any other contract the purpose pretended purpose which secure profit avoid loss; (d) not intended representation money (including electronic money), security, commodity, bond, debt instrument any other kind financial instrument investment; (e) not loan the foundation, the distributor any its affiliates, not intended represent debt owed the foundation, the distributor any its affiliates, and there expectation profit; and (f) does not provide the token holder with any ownership other interest the foundation, the distributor any its affiliates. bitmax.io the contributions the token sale will held the distributor (or its affiliate) after the token sale, and contributors will have economic legal right over beneficial interest these contributions the assets that entity after the token sale. btmx holder rights and ecosystem platform currency btmx will used the unit exchange for all services and operations offered bitmax.io. for example, bitmax.io will charge fee btmx for withdrawals virtual currencies. users bitmax.io may pay btmx for transaction fees, calculated based percentage the transacted amount. the usage btmx pay transaction fees (instead other tokens) would entitle that user possible preferential transaction fee based upon the level membership that the user can purchase using btmx. multiple trading modes bitmax.io offers multiple mode options across regular trading and margin trading the different needs different customer and/or user groups. the mechanism designed provide different levels incentive meet the requirements diversified market actitivies and trading behaviour such market makers vs. takers. distribution platform transaction fee revenue for data cryptocurrency market data very important for platform such bitmax.io. order incentivise users contribute current data information various tokens and coins, the platform transaction fee revenue will distributed incentives encourage user sharing information. bitmax.io will incentivise community members for providing high quality information, news and/or research relating development blockchain technologies and dapps. users which did not share any information would not entitled these incentives. stabilisation mechanism the design approach for the stabilisation mechanism would include the setup data usage fee pool order adjust daily distribution rate the fee. every day, the platform will set aside net transaction fee revenue for data usage fee pool and distribute back token holders certain portion the balance data usage fee pool. there are btmx lock-up rules for data usage reward distribution. only those btmx token under lock-up status will eligible for daily distribution data usage reward. bitmax.io token consumption btmx token holders can consume certain amount btmx for additional benefits such membership upgrade related transaction fee, data reward distribution, interst margin loan, airdrop, token release, etc. also btmx can used for certain cross-promotion events high-quality primary listing latest developments blockchain technologies bitmax.io. all latest details please check https://bitmaxhelp.zendesk.com/hc/en-us/categories/-new-announcements bitmax.io launch and expansion roadmap beta version website public test launch initial trading platform launch transaction-mining and reverse mining launch first primary listing launch margin product launch ongoing product enhancement; expansion other markets (such north amercia) management team the core founding management team consists wall street executives, professionals and technologists with profound knowledge the market structure and regulation, and in-depth experience the research and development institutional large-order matching systems and trading infrastructure. with average more than -years professional experience, the team has significant entrepreneurial, quant-trading, business management and strategic planning expertise across traditional finance and internet industries. the team striving build transparent, efficient and resilient global digital asset trading platform. bitmax.io risks you acknowledge and agree that there are numerous risks associated with purchasing btmx, holding btmx, and using btmx for participation bitmax.io. the worst scenario, this could lead the loss all part the btmx which had been purchased. you decide purchase btmx, you expressly acknowledge, accept and assume the following risks: uncertain regulations and enforcement actions: the regulatory status btmx and distributed ledger technology unclear unsettled many jurisdictions. the regulation virtual currencies has become primary target regulation all major countries the world. impossible predict how, when whether regulatory agencies may apply existing regulations create new regulations with respect such technology and its applications, including btmx and/or bitmax.io. regulatory actions could negatively impact btmx and/or bitmax.io various ways. the foundation, the distributor (or its affiliates) may cease operations jurisdiction the event that regulatory actions, changes law regulation, make illegal operate such jurisdiction, commercially undesirable obtain the necessary regulatory approval(s) operate such jurisdiction. after consulting with wide range legal advisors and continuous analysis the development and legal structure virtual currencies, cautious approach will applied towards the sale btmx. therefore, for the token sale, the sale strategy may constantly adjusted order avoid relevant legal risks much possible. for the token sale, the foundation and the distributor are working with tzedek law llc, boutique corporate law firm singapore with good reputation the blockchain space. inadequate disclosure information: the date hereof, bitmax.io still under development and its design concepts, consensus mechanisms, algorithms, codes, and other technical details and parameters may constantly and frequently updated and changed. although this white paper contains the most current information relating bitmax.io, not absolutely complete and may still adjusted and updated the bitmax.io team from time time. the bitmax.io team has ability and obligation keep holders btmx informed every detail (including development progress and expected milestones) regarding the project develop bitmax.io, hence insufficient information disclosure inevitable and reasonable. failure develop: there the risk that the development bitmax.io will not executed implemented planned, for variety reasons, including without limitation the event decline the prices any digital asset, virtual currency btmx, unforeseen technical difficulties, and shortage development funds for activities. bitmax.io security: many digital asset exchanges shut down their operation due security issues. pay great attention safety, but there guarantee nor possibility for security, such various losses due unpredictable factors. are committed the security transactions the best-effort basis. competition: cryptocurrency exchange extremely competitive industry. many project teams are planning and launching the development similar trading platforms. light the stiff competition, any good concept, start-up, even mature companies would face the same competition risk. however, see this the driving force the development process. other risks: addition, the potential risks briefly mentioned above are not exhaustive and there are other risks (as more particularly set out the terms and conditions) associated with your purchase, holding and use btmx, including those that the foundation the distributor cannot anticipate. such risks may further materialise unanticipated variations combinations the aforementioned risks. you should conduct full due diligence the foundation, the distributor, its affiliates and the bitmax.io team, well understand the overall framework, mission and vision for bitmax.io prior purchasing btmx. bitmax.io