white paper the shipping platform the web transforming the global shipping industry with decentralized platform, connecting ship owners, carriers, and shippers. swiss ico preliminary draft. may amended. not for release, publication, circulation distribution into the united states china. bitnautic white paper version april copyright bitnautic sagl lugano switzerland www.bitnautic.io hello@bitnautic.io content abstract shipping and the world trade challenges facing the shipping industry challenges for carriers security threats environmental regulations labor disputes and job cuts lack transparency overcapacity challenges for shippers finding the best options finding the best rates preparation and documentation shipping demand exceeds forecast introducing bitnautic shipping, the way should global reliable secure transparent easy use inexpensive multi-currency intelligent bitnautic solutions shippers challenges, our solutions carriers challenges, our solutions bitnautic decentralized application cargo booking system ship brokerage system cargo consolidation tracking system ship tracking cargo tracking wholesale e-commerce escrow services bitnautic benefits comparison table bitnautic architecture blockchain, ethereum smart contracts. bitnautic layers bitnautic users shippers carriers agents bitnautic business logic schema bitnautic bitnautic process flows how works booking cargo search for ships search for shipping consolidation opportunities listing ship list shipping consolidation opportunities browse freight quotation requests hire agent listing products wholesale e-commerce bitnautic token (btnt) technology token type utility token ico token generation event token distribution ico bonuses ico participation security ico participation channels best practices for participating ico/token generation event use funds road map team legal disclaimer abstract today, shipping industry accounts around the value the world trade. shipping the life blood the global economy. without shipping, intercontinental trade, the bulk transport raw materials, and the import/export affordable food and manufactured goods would simply not possible. this hugely valuable industry has been troubled for years challenges like overcapacity, highly variable freight rates, security threats and increasing regulations. the other hand, local producers, charterers and shippers, especially the ones operating from developing countries, are facing several problems when comes shipping, like the high number intermediaries, the expensive freight rates, the lack transparency, the limited number sea lines, and the difficulties shipping small cargo. it's well-known fact the industry that global shipping has increase efficiency, improve processes and perform fundamental digital transformation, ensure future profitability for the ship owners, and provide more opportunities for the charterers and producers all over the world. solve the industry critical problems, are creating bitnautic, distributed platform, based the ethereum blockchain, for matching demand and supply shipping services, for all the industry stakeholders: producers goods, ship owners, charterers, brokers, importers and exporters. our vision bitnautic contribution the digitalization and decentralization the shipping industry, will contribute the growth developing countries, open market and free trade, increasing international trade and cooperation, public-private partnerships within the industry, knowledge sharing, and bridging the gap between government regulators and the shipping industry. bitnautic has started his operations with focus the emerging countries the africa continent. bitnautic development and expansion will funded with the crowdsale the bitnautic token btnt, used access the bitnautic platform. shipping and the world trade the shipping industry the backbone globalization and international trade. seaborne transportation plays major role the world's industries and society, enabling the transport large volumes raw and processed material, well food, water and technological products. ships are technically sophisticated, high value assets and the operation merchant ships generates estimated annual income over half trillion u.s. dollars freight rates. throughout the last century the shipping industry has seen general trend increases total trade volume. increasing industrialization and the liberalization national economies seaborne trade continues expand, have fueled free trade and growing bringing benefits for consumers demand for consumer products. across the world through competitive with all industrial sectors, however, freight costs. thanks the growing shipping susceptible economic efficiency shipping mode downturns. indeed, following several transport and increased economic years incredibly buoyant shipping liberalization, the prospects for the markets, for many trades the best industry's further growth continue living memory, much the interbe strong. national shipping industry has fallchemicals gas oil prey the worldwide economic there are over merchant downturn translated into containers other (minor bulks five main dry bulks ships trading internationally, trans- dramatic and abrupt reduction and other dry cargo) porting every kind cargo. the world demand for shipping. fleet registered over nations and manned over million seasource: unctad secretarial calculations, based date from farers virtually every nationality. clarcksons research, shipping and the world trade today, still experiencing slightly slower growth rate compared the longer-term historical average, global waterborne trade forecasted double continued population growth africa, asia and south america and rising urbanization will one the strongest drivers the growing demand for waterborne services during the coming decade. growing cross border e-commerce and the fourth industrial revolution (industry .), will also have the potential sustain the growth and further reshape maritime trade patterns. but sustain that growth, and, the same time, ensure future profitability for the ship owners and easy access shipping services for charters and producers developing counties, the global shipping industry have increase efficiency, improve processes and perform fundamental digital transformation. challenges facing the shipping industry most the world's manufactured goods and products are transported container ships, but the industry facing tough and unpredictable future. overcapacity, trust issues and outdated systems plagued human errors, missing and inaccurate documents and even substandard goods have fundamental impact the industry's prospects. these challenges, along with higher demands from society for transparency, accountability, and responsibility the logistics chain, drives the industry towards exploring new solutions. increased costs wrong deliveries. moreover, hazard striking shipment thievery, which not only armed robbery but the latest security threat the maritime industry comes from hackers. far goes back, the whole shipping community has never been the same platform for the issues related payments and transactions. lack information prevails among importers and exporters regarding the type and cost ships and transport fees. the challenges facing the shipping industry are many, the major ones listed below. shipping industry facing high administrative burdens managing and writing claims with lot paperwork requiring signatures multiple times. despite all this stress, small service disruption insufficient capacity anywhere the network could result shipment delays, challenges for carriers security threats the high number incidents piracy and armed robbery against ships off the somalia coast and the gulf aden something that the whole world aware of, and growing concern for the maritime industry that heavily affected these incidents. though the acts piracy have been controlled some extent, ship owners still use private armed security guards their vessels while commuting the dangerous pirate zones west africa. not only armed robbery, the latest security threat the maritime industry comes from hackers. automated and technologically advanced ships have become vulnerable cyber-attacks with hackers being successful accessing the gps, ais marine automatic identification system, and ecdis electronic chart display and information system system for viewing digital nautical charts). environmental regulations maritime transport emits around tons annually and responsible for about global greenhouse gas emissions. these emissions are predicted increase absence installation newer energy-saving technologies. there growing concern over the impact global shipping activities the environment greenhouse effect and danger aquatic life. the industry working towards finalizing the framework for the monitoring, reporting, and verification emissions from maritime transport. however, the absence universally approved regulations and fully reliable technologies, there uncertainty the industry. overcapacity the latest report from unctad (the review maritime transport say that the seaborne trade grew per cent reaching billion tons. although this was welcome improvement the per cent growth recorded the boost demand was offset per cent increase the industry's carrying capacity, which reached billion dead-weight tons earlier this year. supply-demand imbalance continued therefore weigh down industry profits, with the container shipping market, the largest terms value, reporting collective operating loss us$. billion. but world seaborne trade continues gather steam forecasts show compound annual growth rate per cent between and the situation could improve relatively soon the industry could shed its excess weight. capacity throughout this could done, the report says, building fewer ships, scrapping more, increasing "capacity sharing" essentially the pooling cargo among carriers improve economies scale and reduce operating costs. lack transparency labor disputes and job cuts bad tracking caused equally harmful gaps transparency. while tracking issues are systemic and inherent the task moving goods, the failures transparency are largely due bad data handling practices (or worse, due parties being incentivized not share accurate data). often, due fragmentation, uncertainty, protect the exclusivity their arrangements, brokers can't won't tell shipper exactly what carrier and driver are carrying their freight. who can forget the month-long west coast dockworkers slowdown, which brought shipping industry business standstill february or, another incident dec when the maritime union australia (mua) held the ship global mining giant alcoa, hostage for two months, disrupting the operations the port portland? repeatedly, labor disputes and strikes have disrupted the shipping industry and created huge gaps profitability and product rollouts. the shipping rates increase, and the supply chain becomes more overloaded. challenges for shippers finding the best options preparation and documentation cargo can moved from point point number different ways. while it's convenient have options, many shippers are overwhelmed simply unaware the many different choices they have. understanding the shipping landscape could save time and money the end the day. shippers sometime aren't prepared take the process. from filling out the bill lading identifying freight classes, one misstep can result surcharges, delays, customs holds when shipping internationally. shippers must sure prepare ahead time with the necessary knowledge get the job done. finding the best rates shipping demand exceeds forecast looking for the best freight shipping rates can time-consuming when not equipped with the right tools processes. most the times, shippers have contracts place (hindering flexibility) have make multiple phone calls just find the best rate for one shipment. having transportation management system place could provide solution this problem. exporters and importers often find themselves short containers bulk shipping capacity when they need them most. this leads delays, additional costs, potential penalties and strained relations with clients well partners. addition, shippers time-definite sequenced cargo flows risk delays, performance penalties, and lost business when they can't deliver time, compelling some resort air freight other alternatives order prevent penalties but the cost often outweighs the penalties. general, finding the right balance between annual service contracts and the spot market difficult and comes with financial impacts. introducing bitnautic global ship owners, all over the world, can list their ships and update the positions. cargo owners, similar way, can list their cargos, with detailed requirements. all users are able follow the actual conditions the world freight market, with real-time positions any port the world. from the experience our founders, confirmed surveys and reports, know the significant challenges faced the maritime industry. bitnautic address those challenges with open decentralized platform that will enable all stakeholders, such importers, exporters, shippers, ship owners, carriers and agents come the same page and negotiate their own terms, therefore, avoiding the long chains that arise due multiple parties' involvement. all this will happen with the security and the transparency blockchain. reliable shippers and carriers benefit from reliable booking system based effective digital contracts, backed the blockchain. users execute contract then, and there that locks space, equipment and rate months advance. carriers' offers are all-in, and the rates are fixed. shippers never have any surprise accessorial and their rate never change. invoices always match the contracts with accuracy. shipping, the way should secure contact information, ship name, and private data about assets are only available the respective owners. bitnautic users decides when and with whom share valuable information. easy use shippers just enter cargo origin and destination, ship dates and equipment type, then instantly receive binding offers directly from carriers along with service performance and all the details they need make informed decision. ship owners just enter the ship location and date, then instantly receive leads matching cargos. transparent public data representing the asset and contracts are stored the blockchain, accessible and auditable all the parties, provided they have the required privileges. history negotiations each contract are always available the blockchain and easy exportable. this helps avoid mistakes and guarantees the honesty between the parties. intelligent find best fit for cargo and ships and optimize the use naval assets, bitnautic developing advanced engine designed for the shipping industry. the optimization will help shippers and ship owners better use the shipping resources, reducing the costs, optimizing cargo pooling, and sharing shipping capacity. multi-currency inexpensive markup from bitnautic. middleman. just transparent platform fee, paid ship owners/carriers, make the connection and manage the contract execution. hold equipment and space vessel, shippers submit nominal deposit that gets credited toward their balance which due before cargo loaded. any freight, chartering, sale and other services can paid with cryptocurrency bitnautic tokens (btnt). bitnautic solutions shippers challenges, our solutions your challenge our solution have unexpected need ocean shipping you can view carrier availability and find offers. you can buy contracts from weeks months out, and your vessel space and container availability have the reliability. finding offers from multiple providers challenging and time-consuming minutes you can compare offers and buy reliable and binding contract have ship small volume, and can't find affordable shipping solution just list your cargo and our system will help you find consolidation opportunity don't know how prepare the bill landing and other shipping documents worry. agents registered bitnautic are here help, for fixed and affordable price. bitnautic solutions carriers challenges, our solutions your challenge our solution ship having many unproductive days, off hire list your ship and update its location. bitnautic will find the optimal cargo for you. vessels utilization low, have improve it. add your free space and our system will find the cargo for consolidation you need. struggle finding new customers you will able search through all the freight quotation requests from shippers. you will have direct contact negotiate your terms. profit trend negative, business through brokers, and they are taking all margin (>%) bitnautic will ask you small subscription and fix and low commission. markup. middleman. bitnautic decentralized application bitnautic decentralized application will have the following features. cargo booking system ship brokerage system cargo consolidation bitnautic cargo booking system built satisfy the needs today's importers and exporter. shippers from any country, can see the ships that are available carry their cargo, based cargo location and cross-matched with the destination. the best matched lowest prices will provided the user, clear and binding offers with the option choose from multiple packages from different service providers based specifications weight, time frame, destination address, source address. also appointing agent for all shipping chores possible with the bitnautic booking system. bitnautic real-time ship brokerage system that allows carriers and ship-owners list ships, update the location, and thus get shipping leads and find new customers. simple sounds, bitnautic, the ship owners receive the best matching shipping leads and are supported closing clear and reliable contracts with shippers. the agents the platform support carriers and ship owners getting all the shipping documentations executed properly. matter what goods have shipped, the agents the bitnautic are there help step step. shippers and ship owners (carriers) will able list specific opportunities for shipping consolidation. they will provide the place loading, the place discharge, and the details the availability, terms container free space ship hold free space (for bulk shipping). wholesale e-commerce tracking system bitnautic offers his users the possibility advertise and trade wholesale goods. producers will have the opportunity list directly sell their products, association with their specific place loading. thus, cutting out several middlemen, increasing his revenues and offering business opportunities international traders. the wholesale e-commerce platform, users come together and have trade deals, negotiating their own terms. the payment system based cryptocurrencies, fast, easy, and secured escrow service. escrow services bitnautic, offers specific escrow service. when buyer initializes escrow transaction, his btnt tokens are locked the smart contract. once buyer confirms the seller's obligations are fulfilled, can release funds seller. bitnautic, acting escrow agent, oversees the transaction. dispute occurs, the escrow agent can intervene and refund the buyer, release funds the seller. bitnautic will provide state the art ship and cargo tracking system for its customers. the main features include: ship tracking this feature specifically designed for ship owners and customers for booking cargo. customer would able see the status and position his ships real time. moreover, the mobile application would allow ship owners, specific details regarding the status the ships including total number containers and cargo type. bitnautic would use the tracking system transport goods quickly and efficiently keeping track every ship. cargo tracking the same tracking functionality would extended cargo owners well see their cargo location real time. this feature can solve crucial issues lost cargos, delays delivery and would increase customer ease and trust. bitnautic benefits comparison table traditional shipping bitnautic benefits for high fees/markup from brokers flat fee: shippers carriers middlemen decentralized direct contact shippers carriers delayed payment instant payment carriers complex/confusing contracts transparent, fixed and all-in contract shippers opaque fares online offers, direct terms negotiation. shippers carriers complex fragmented documentation independent agents support, all documents and certificates archived. shippers carriers bitnautic architecture blockchain decentralized, distributed and immutable database with potential revolutionize the way various records are being stored. blockchain perfect solution for pet records storage, the key features would enable transparent, immutable and trusted real-time data source. functionality, features and huge community developers around the ethereum blockchain suggests the most suitable option for bitnautic. ethereum introduced new opportunities that bitcoin and like bitcoin protocol blockchains not have. ethereum enables code execution decentralized way. this means that utilizing blockchain technology possible more than just exchange store value. also possible implement rules, according which that value can moved, and specific data modified. ethereum users not need trust any central server and can simply trust blockchain consensus algorithm and output the system. smart contract piece code which stored the blockchain network (in each full node's database the network). defines the conditions which all parties using the contract agrees and certain actions described the contract can executed required conditions met. the smart contract stored every computer the network they all must execute and get the same result. this way users can sure that the outcome correct. central server and authority can removed its impact (e.g. single point failure) minimized with the help smart contracts. for shipping industry, blockchain holds the promise transparency and efficiency for global trade. transport container sea from mombasa, kenya the port rotterdam, amsterdam, requires around different communications steps involving around thirty different interested parties. these crucial steps take time and moreover, such system prone frauds accidental miscommunications. fraud protection arises since single party has the ability modify, delete append any record without the consent from others within the network. bitnautic layers bitnautic platform based the following four layers: ethereum blockchain layer bitnautic business logic layer (smart contracts) bitnautic services layer (applications) bitnautic ecosystem layer (third parties applications) ethereum blockchain bitnautic protocol bitnautic services bitnautic ecosystem bitnautic users shippers carriers agents bitnautic shippers are the users requiring shipping services. they can be: carriers and ship owners can list their ships with complete specifications and maintain the availability their ships. the platform offers direct communication ship owners with agents and shippers. thus, the ship owners can get direct orders from importers, exporters, agents, and produces. other than just providing the shipping services, the ship owners can also find value added services. ship owners benefit from following services: keeping view the various stakeholders the shipping industry bitnautic has refined the platform everyone from the shipping industry can benefit from it. bitnautic platform not only the shippers and carriers can have benefit but also agents the shipping industry can use find new customers and increase the services. with our platform, they can communicate with ship owners, importers, exporters and producers, and also, they can list ships platform and contact with carriers. *exporters *importers *producers bitnautic provides the shippers easy way book ships and keep records their imports exports. with bitnautic, the shippers can compare the best services according their needs, book the best cargo and get relaxed. bitnautic act the best medium for all shipping services and needs. bitnautic platform they easily track their cargo and will able communicate directly with the ship owners. *list ships platform -containers -bulk break-bulk ships (dry bulk) -tanker ships (liquids *chartering the ship *receive freight quotation requests *compare prices various carriers from shippers and agents *book cargo *track cargo *offer free space for cargo *charter ships. consolidation bitnautic business logic schema importer/exporter order details request for order cargo details shipment details book cargo order details payment platform cargo tracking offer accepted ship details payment received request for ship linkage code offer ship holder blockchain payment product details payment received payment request for listing seller request buy buyer product listed e-commerce platform product received bitnautic process flows how works booking cargo lcl (less container load): delivery collective cargoes from transported common container with other shippers order not overpay for delivery. considered the most economical the application will guide the ship- way deliver small quantities pers step-by-step the process goods. describing the specific deliver they *place loading need. *place discharge the shippers will asked provide: *date shipping *cargo products category and defcl. (full container load): delivery scription *shipping mode (influenced and lim- cargoes sea containers (fcl full container load) which the ited the cargo type) whole container intended for one consignor the shippers (producers, importers, exporters) will able enter the system their specific requests for booking cargo for obtaining freight quotation. bulk break-bulk: transportation bulk, break-bulk, project and heavy cargo, military equipment and other non-standard cargoes that are too big too heavy for container (ncl non-container load). vessel chartering and forwarding ship cargo lots. the system will search for the best deals for booking the cargo using the bulk ships and containers available the platform. case there available option the time, the freight quotation request will registered the platform and will available for ship owners, couriers and agents. offer multiple options based specifications connect the ship specifications weight time frame importer/exporter ships/platform agents/broker insert cargo details insert cargo details destination address delegated cargo handeling connect the ship source address deal available the platform, the platform and the system will integrate automatically give them the best deals available. along with other users, there will agents signed the platform that could get hired demand. insert cargo details courier services provider user search for ships listing ship the shippers will able browse and search all the bulk and breakbulk ships listed the platform, size, category, and specific features. ship holders registered bitnautic application will able list their ships the bitnautic platform. based the specifications the orders which the platform receives, will match the requirements the available listed ships and give offer the corresponding ship-owners. the owner accepts the offer, the order will processed and fulfilled. all the payments and transactions between the two parties would deployed the blockchain based the agreed t&cs making the process automated. search for shipping consolidation opportunities the shippers will able browse and search all the available consolidation opportunities entered the bitnautic platform carriers created the platform consolidate shipping. shippers will able contact the carrier and consolidate their cargo with the existing shipping. consolidation service will available for both container with free cubic meters and bulk ship with free space the hold. request for ship linkage platform ship details offer request for order ship holder offer accepted payment received order details payment blockchain importer/exporter list containers carriers can list their container capacity the platform, with specific reference the lines served. browse freight quotation requests list shipping consolidation opportunities carriers can list specific opportunities for shipping consolidation. they are asked provide the place loading, the place discharge, and the details the availability (container free space, ship hold free space). carriers can search and browse all the freight quotation requests available the platform and contact the shipper negotiate specific agreement and shipping details. request register agent/broker ship owner/ importer/exporter platform check viability hire agent excellent option provided shippers hire agent all their shipping related activities for them. these agents can signed already the platform and the platform select the best one from multiple profiles. listing products wholesale e-commerce seller can visit the company website mobile application list their products the platform. once all the details and prices are added, the platform would check the authenticity the seller and the product for protecting the interest the buyer. once all the details are verified, the product would listed the platform. payment recieved seller bockchain product details payment request for listing request buy product listed decentralized shipping cargo marketplace (dscm) product recieved buyer bitnautic token (btnt) utility token technology the btnt token, erc token, will issued create decentralized shipping and cargo platform built top ethereum blockchain and wholesale e-commerce platform based the ethereum blockchain and smart contracts for trading goods and services. the erc protocol based ethereum, technical and market standard, which defines interface for smart contracts that need execute token emission. the most crucial technical component btnt tokens the ethereum virtual machine smart contract, which regulates token distribution, transactions, and rewards securely and transparently. using dedicated token (btnt) facilitate transactions the bitnautic (btnt) ecosystem provides many advantages, including: *it can used across any number jurisdictions, retaining single uniform method settlement; *using blockchain based token makes possible perform settlements automatically and irrefutably within smart contracts; *it makes possible manage incentives way that drives ecosystem effects for the benefit all participants the bitnautic (btnt) ecosystem. token type btnt hybrid token, having the nature utility, well the nature payment token. btnt the final token that will used with- the bitnautic ecosystem (cargo booking, brokerage system, tracking system, wholesale e-commerce platform). btnt designed facilitate efficient transactions wide range services bitnautic platform, whilst also operating medium exchange and store value that could become more valuable line with the growth users and increasing use the platform. according the bitnautic project purposes, btnt tokens will used for: subscription for professional use the bitnautic platform. price per user, per year. compensated via airdrop for the first users fees for cargo booking. commission paid carrier total price paid shipper fees for ship brokerage system. commission paid ship owner total price paid shipper subscription tracking system price per user, per year fees for escrow service commission paid buyer seller total transaction value fees for wholesale e-commerce platform. commission paid seller total price paid buyer ico token generation event the bitnautic token sale uses erc (ethereum smart contract) compliant tokens, designated btnt. proceeds raised during the bitnautic token sale will used support marketing, business development, operations and r&d for the bitnautic project. btnt tokens are designed used within the bitnautic platform (cargo booking brokerage system tracking system wholesale e-commerce). token symbol btnt token type erc total token supply million) btnt initial distribution million) total supply accepted currency: eth exchange rate eth btnt unsold tokens during the sale will burned. bitnautic btnt tokens can traded, exchanged, bought and sold between users but bitnautic sagl has obligation redeem them. token distribution bitnautic will sell btnt raise eth its ico. the ico will end after the deadline the goal reached earlier. the soft goal not reached, then the funds would refunded the participants. soft cap eth (approx. u.s. million) hard cap eth (approx. u.s. million) pre-ico start-end dates may may main ico start-end dates june july capital structure percentage reserve funds ico bonuses founders team bounty bonus% advisors pre-ico first main-ico week pre-ico main-ico second week third week fourth week remaining time ico participation security the bitnautic ico smart contract externally audited, using erc compliant utility tokens, and compliant with swiss regulations, which are among the most stringent the world. all participants the bitnautic ico must pass kyc identity screening, which will integrated into the ico registration process and audited and external swiss aml compliant verification company. ico participation channels best practices for participating ico/token generation event make sure you avoid mirror site scams trusting only the https:// bitnautic.io domain. the best practice avoid mirror site scams manually type the https://bitnautic. domain into your browser, then bookmark the page for when you want come back the site the day the token sale. this helps you avoid clicking lookalike links that may send you malicious phishing websites. *only send eth the wallet address listed the bitnautic.io website. *never send eth from exchange, only from ether wallet such the following: contributors can participate the ethereum wallet (from the ethereum project thereum.org) bitnautic ico, using the following metamask (chrome browser addchannels: on); *direct registration the bitnautic myetherwallet (in-browser version available, download recommended) ico website (www.bitnautic.io) *registration bitnautic ico partners: citowise wallet (https://citowise.com) *for extra security, double check that you have the correct smart contract wallet address before you send eth using tool like etheraddresslookup. detailed guide participating the bitnautic token sale will provided prior the sale start date. use funds proceeds from the btnt ico token generation event will utilized bitnautic sagl its sole discretion. bitnautic sagl committed spend the funds responsibly. bitnautic sagl intends use funds raised for research and development, order develop and improve the bitnautic platform, and marketing and business development, order get its services the market. portion the funds will also used support the international expansion, well for general operational and administrative expenditures. proceeds from ico may also used develop future platform updates and releases, well fund future business ventures and acquisitions. marketing and sales partnership and acquisitions international expansion admin and operations research and development legal fees road map project, huge bitnautic, would not succeed without thorough strategic planning and expansive vision. therefore, put much emphasis writing every milestone down, and having reached it, proceed the next one already pre-planned. having roadmap very important for bitnautic, keeps focused the present moment, and allows zoom into the future, once the targeted milestones are reached. project concept bitnautic platform mvp started development project development project moved switzerland, bitnautic sagl incorporated private pre-sale btnt tokens ico (crowdsale) btnt tokens bitnautic platform available for public testing (public beta) establishment partnerships with selected carriers btnt tokens listed the exchange bitnautic platform official release shipping platform integrated with blockchain wholesale e-commerce available for public testing (public beta) wholesale e-commerce platform official release team gianfranco pierini chief executive officer, co-founder richard zoni chief technology officer anmol bajwa co-founder francesco oliverio project manager muhammad salman anjum chief relationship officer garry singh chief information officer ashton addison chief marketing strategist paolo angelini lead back-end engineer carlo vespa lead front-end engineer legal disclaimer terms conditions the complete terms and conditions for participating the bitnautic token sale are published the bitnautic website https://bitnautic. io, and are the prevailing legal document related the bitnautic token sale. general information the btnt token does not have the legal qualification security, since does not give any rights dividends interests. the sale btnt tokens final and non-refundable. btnt tokens are not shares and not give any right participate the general meeting bitnautic sagl. btnt tokens cannot have performance particular value outside the bitnautic platform. btnt tokens shall therefore not used purchased for speculative investment purposes. the purchaser btnt tokens aware that national securities laws, which ensure that investors are sold investments that include all the proper disclosures and are subject regulatory scrutiny for the investors' protection, are not applicable. anyone purchasing btnt tokens expressly acknowledges and represents that she/he has carefully reviewed this white paper and fully understands the risks, costs and benefits associated with the purchase btnt tokens. sult from any actions omissions the user any person undertaking acquire btnt tokens, well case hacker attacks. risks acquiring btnt tokens and storing them involves various risks, particular the risk that bitnautic sagl may not able launch its operations and develop its blockchain and provide the services promised. therefore, and prior acquiring btnt tokens, any user should carethe purchaser btnt tokens un- fully consider the risks, costs and dertakes that she/he understands benefits acquiring btnt tokens and has significant experience the context the btnt token sale cryptocurrencies, blockchain sys- and, necessary, obtain any indetems and services, and that she/he pendent advice this regard. any fully understands the risks associat- interested person who not the with the btnt token sale well position accept understand the mechanism related the use the risks associated with the activity cryptocurrencies (incl. storage). (incl. the risks related the non-development the btnt platform) bitnautic sagl shall not respon- any other risks indicated the sible for any loss btnt tokens terms conditions the btnt tosituations making impossible ken sale should not acquire btnt access btnt tokens, which may re- tokens. knowledge required legal disclaimer important disclaimer this white paper shall not and cannot considered invitation enter into investment. does not constitute relate any way nor should considered offering securities any jurisdiction. this white paper does not include contain any information indication that might considered recommendation that might used basis for any investment decision. btnt tokens are hybrid tokens, according the finma (the swiss financial market supervisory authority) definition, since they have the nature utility tokens that the users can use relation the services offered the btnt platform, well the nature payment tokens, according the specifications given the white paper. any case, btnt tokens shall not intended used investment. the offering btnt tokens trading platform done order allow the use the btnt platform and not for speculative purposes. the offering btnt tokens trading platform does not change the legal qualification the tokens, which remain simple means for the use the btnt platform and are not security. bitnautic sagl not considered advisor any legal, tax financial matters. any information the white paper provided for general information purposes only and bitnautic sagl does not provide any warranty the accuracy and completeness this information. bitnautic sagl not financial intermediary according swiss law and not required obtain any authorization for anti money laundering purposes. purchasing btnt tokens shall not grant any right influence over bitnautic sagl's organization and governance the purchasers. regulatory authorities are carefully scrutinizing businesses and operations associated cryptocurrencies the world. that respect, regulatory measures, investigations actions may impact bitnautic sagl's business and even limit prevent from developing its operations the future. any person undertaking acquire btnt tokens must aware the bitnautic sagl business model, the white paper terms and conditions may change need modified because new regulatory and compliance requirements from any applicable laws any jurisdictions. such case, purchasers and anyone undertaking acquire btnt tokens acknowledge and understand that neither bitnautic sagl nor any its affiliates shall held liable for any direct indirect loss damage caused such changes. bitnautic sagl will its utmost launch its operations and develop the btnt platform. anyone undertaking acquire btnt tokens acknowledges and understands that bitnautic sagl does not provide any guarantee that will manage achieve it. they acknowledge and understand therefore that bitnautic sagl (incl. its bodies and employees) assumes liability responsibility for any loss damage that would result from relate the incapacity use btnt tokens, except case intentional misconduct gross negligence.