bitqy(tm) the official cryptocurrency bitqyck, inc.(tm) per valorem coeptis whitepaper bitqy(tm) the official cryptocurrency bitqyck, inc. page table contents introduction cryptocurrency plan purpose for bitqy the bitqy coin constitution ethereum bitqy rewards qyckwallet(tm) tradebq(tm) mining and security compliance the future bitqy bitqy(tm) the official cryptocurrency bitqyck, inc. page introduction cryptocurrency cryptocurrency digital currency that uses encryption (cryptography) generate tokens and verify transactions. transactions are added public ledger also called transaction block chain and new coins are created through process known mining. cryptocurrency has been used decentralized alternative traditional fiat currencies (which are usually backed some central government) such the dollar (usd). for the average person using cryptocurrency easy as: get digital wallet store the currency. use the wallet create unique "public addresses" receive currency. transfer funds out your wallet using public addresses. what cryptocurrency address? public address unique string characters used receive cryptocurrency. each public address has matching private address that can used prove ownership the public address. with bitcoin the address called bitcoin address. think like unique email address that people can send currency opposed emails. the first decentralized digital cryptocurrency can traced back "bit gold", which was worked nick szabo between and bit gold considered the first precursor bitcoin. satoshi nakamoto (an anonymous person and/or group) released paper detailing what would become bitcoin. bitcoin became the first decentralized digital coin when was created then went public bitcoin the most commonly known cryptocurrency. given the popularity bitcoin well its history, the term "altcoin" sometimes used describe alternative cryptocurrencies bitcoin. mid-, there were over different types cryptocurrencies altcoins for trade online markets and about them have market capitalizations more than billion usd. the time writing this, the total market capitalization all cryptocurrencies has eclipsed billion! bitqy(tm) the official cryptocurrency bitqyck, inc. page other words, cryptocurrency isn't just fad, likely growing market that (despite its pros and cons) likely here for the long haul. cryptocurrency basics public ledgers: all confirmed transactions from the start cryptocurrency's creation are stored public ledger. the identities the coin owners are encrypted, and the system uses other cryptographic techniques ensure the legitimacy record keeping. the ledger ensures that corresponding "digital wallets" can calculate accurate spendable balance. also, new transactions can checked ensure that each transaction uses only coins currently owned the spender. bitcoin calls this public ledger "transaction block chain". transactions: transfer funds between two digital wallets called transaction. that transaction gets submitted public ledger and awaits confirmation. when transaction made, wallets use encrypted electronic signature (an encrypted piece data called cryptographic signature) provide mathematical proof that the transaction coming from the owner the wallet. the confirmation process takes bit time (ten minutes for bitcoin) while "miners" mine (ie. confirm transactions and add them the public ledger). mining: simple terms, mining the process confirming transactions and adding them public ledger. order add transaction the ledger, the "miner" must solve increasingly complex computational problem (sort like mathematical puzzle). mining open source, anyone can confirm the transaction. the first "miner" solve the puzzle adds "block" transactions the ledger. the way which transactions, blocks, and the public blockchain ledger work together ensures that one individual can easily add change block will. once block added the ledger, all correlating transactions are permanent and small transaction fee added the miner's wallet (along with newly created coins). the mining process what gives value the coins and known proofof-work system. although there can exceptions the rule, there are number factors (beyond the basics above) that make cryptocurrency different from the financial systems the past: bitqy(tm) the official cryptocurrency bitqyck, inc. page adaptive scaling: adaptive scaling essentially means that cryptocurrencies are built with number measures ensure that they will work well both large small scales. adaptive scaling example: bitcoin programmed allow for one transaction block mined every ten minutes. the algorithm adjusts after every blocks (theoretically, that's every two weeks) get easier harder based how long actually took for those blocks mined. only took days for the network mine blocks, that means it's too easy mine, the difficulty increases. however, takes days for the network mine blocks, that shows that it's too hard mind, the difficulty decreases. number other measures are included digital coins allow for adaptive scaling including limiting the supply overtime (to create scarcity) and reducing the reward for mining more total coins are mined. cryptographic: cryptocurrency uses system cryptography (aka encryption) control the creation coins and verify transactions. decentralized: most fiat currencies circulation are controlled centralized government, and thus their creation can regulated third party. cryptocurrency's creation and transactions are open source, controlled code, and rely "peer-to-peer" networks. there single entity that can affect the currency. digital: traditional currency defined physical object (usd representing gold for example), but cryptocurrency all digital. digital coins are stored digital wallets and transferred digitally other peoples' digital wallets. physical object ever exists. open source: cryptocurrencies are typically open source. that means that developers can create apis without paying fee and anyone can use join the network. proof-of-work: most cryptocurrencies use proof-of-work system. proof-of-work scheme uses hard-to-compute but easy-to-verify computational puzzle limit exploitation cryptocurrency mining. essentially, it's like really hard solve "catpcha" that requires lots computing power. bitqy(tm) the official cryptocurrency bitqyck, inc. page pseudonymity: owners cryptocurrency keep their digital coins encrypted digital wallet. coin-holder's identification stored encrypted address that they have control over not attached person's identity. the connection between you and your coins pseudonymous rather than anonymous ledgers are open the public (and thus, the ledgers could used glean information about groups individuals the network). value: for something effective currency, has have value. the dollar used represent actual gold. the gold was scarce and required work mine and refine, the scarcity and work gave the gold value. this, turn, gave the dollar value. cryptocurrency works with similar concept. cryptocurrency, "coins" (which are nothing more than publicly agreed records ownership) are generated produced "miners". these miners are people who run programs specialized hardware made specifically solve proof-of-work puzzles. the work behind mining coins gives them value, while scarcity coins and demand thereof causes their value fluctuate. the idea work giving value currency called "proof-of-work" system. the other method for validating coins called proof-ofstake. value also created when transactions are added public ledgers creating verified "transaction block" takes work well. plan and purpose for bitqy the plan and purpose for launching our own cryptocurrency centered our desire reward our company's value creators the people who take action and participate specific activities that bring value the company. with the growth and excitement behind cryptocurrency, envisioned the "reward" exciting incentive for the value-creators the company. part the reward process also set our own trading platform give all people the ability easily and quickly set account and trade bitqy for bitcoin (and vise versa) the open market. strong component the bitqy ownership experience the smart contract tying bitqyck, inc. stock the bitqy token. every bitqy token "embedded" with bitqy(tm) the official cryptocurrency bitqyck, inc. page share one bitqyck, inc. common stock. thereby giving bitqy holders actual ownership bitqyck, inc. outlined the bitqy constitution. the bitqy coin constitution bitqy, the in-app token for bitqyck bitqy cryptocurrency token for the marketplace platform bitqyck and the general market accepted businesses and consumers globally. bitqy will allocated the directors bitqyck, inc. once allocated, bitqyck relinquishes control the allocated bitqy. the latest and most date legal disclosures can always found bitqy.org. additionally, bitqyck, inc., texas corporation, certifies: that has authorized the minting ten billion digital tokens known "bitqy tokens" "bitqy coins," created the ethereum blockchain app platform and, further certifies, that through its directors and founders, has duly authorized one billion shares common stock the only class ownership shares the corporation, and further certifies, that the bitqy tokens are only created the smart contract that these certifications are enumerated within and, further certifies, that the holder bitqy token, also the holder one-tenth share bitqyck, inc. common stock, and further certifies, that the holder this coin shall enjoy the rights and benefits shareholder bitqyck, inc. provided the directors bitqyck, inc. and only the bitqy holder has his/her bitqy tokens the official bitqy(tm) the official cryptocurrency bitqyck, inc. page bitqy wallet operated and maintained bitqyck, inc., and further certifies, pursuant the terms and conditions that the directors and founders attach the bitqy token, and further certifies that this bitqy token freely transferable the holder hereof any manner, which said holder deems appropriate and reasonable. the holder this bitqy token certifies that she has ownership and possession pursuant legal transaction transfer from the prior holder. ethereum bitqyck, inc. decided early build bitqy upon the ethereum blockchain. chose ethereum take full advantage their smart bitqy erc- token contract technology. help our partners and readers established the understand why chose ethereum and how smart contracts work, provide beginner's guide ethereum blockchain ethereum with some valuable information written blockgeeks. ethereum decentralized platform that runs smart contracts: applications that run exactly programmed without any possibility downtime, censorship, fraud third party interference. these apps run custom-built blockchain, enormously powerful, shared global infrastructure that can move value around and represent the ownership property. this enables developers create markets, store registries debts promises, move funds accordance with instructions given long the past (like will futures contract) and many other things that have not been invented yet, all without middle man counterparty risk. ethereum gives partners the ability create and manage their own tokens (crypto coin) their blockchain. the benefit this the ability utilize their blockchain scalability well their smart contract functionality. bitqy(tm) the official cryptocurrency bitqyck, inc. page beginner, the entire concept ethereum and ethereum tokens can get very confusing very fast. the idea that ethereum not only has its own currency (ether) but also has tokens top that which can act currency themselves, can little mind-boggling. before even begin understanding what ethereum tokens are all about, it's important grasp some basic concepts. the entire ethereum network giant mass nodes (computers) connected one another. fact, the entire network can visualized single entity called the "ethereum virtual machine" evm for short. all the transactions that have happened and will ever happen this network are automatically updated and recorded open and distributed ledger. smart contracts are how things get done the ethereum ecosystem. when someone wants get particular task done ethereum they initiate smart contract with one more people. smart contracts are series instructions, written using the programming language "solidity", which work the basis bitqy(tm) the official cryptocurrency bitqyck, inc. page the ifttt logic aka the if-this-then-that logic. basically, the first set instructions are done then execute the next function and after that the next and keep repeating until you reach the end the contract. the best way understand that imagining vending machine. each and every step that you take acts like trigger for the next step execute itself. kind like the domino effect. so, let's examine the steps that you will take while interacting with the vending machine: step you give the vending machine some money. step you punch the button corresponding the item that you want. step the item comes out and you collect it. now look all those steps and think about it. will any the steps work the previous one wasn't executed? each and every one those steps directly related the previous step. there one more factor think about, and integral part smart contracts. you see, your entire interaction with the vending machine, you (the requestor) were solely working with the machine (the provider). there were absolutely third parties involved. so, now how would this transaction have looked like happened the ethereum network? suppose you just bought something from vending machine the ethereum network, how will the steps look like then? step you give the vending machine some money and this gets recorded all the nodes the ethereum network and the transaction gets updated the ledger. step you punch the button corresponding the item that you want and record that gets updated the ethereum network and ledger. step the item comes out and you collect and this gets recorded all the nodes and the ledger. every transaction that you through the smart contracts will get recorded and updated the network. what this does that keeps everyone involved with the contract accountable for his her actions. takes away human malice making every action taken visible the entire network. but, having said that, what mainly incentivizes these people fulfill their end the bargain anyway? what are they getting helping out the requestors? this where ether comes in. bitqy(tm) the official cryptocurrency bitqyck, inc. page ether every single step smart contract transaction complex computation and would have cost that measured "gas". the price this gas paid the requester "ether". ether the currency with which everything runs the ethereum. when people talk about eth and etc they are actually talking about the value the ether their respective blockchain. bitqy rewards discussed earlier this whitepaper, bitqyck, inc. has bitqy rewards program. bitqyck stakeholders (affiliates, merchants, consumers, etc.) are rewarded bitqy for specific actions and activities throughout the bitqyck network companies. for example, purchase product through bitqyck would allow for the company reward the participants bitqy, thereby making the purchase more valuable the participant. addition, bitqyck runs promotions and incentives that enable users earn additional bitqy following the rules the promotion. qyckwallet bitqyck, inc. has launched it's own custom wallet, named qyckwallet(tm). qyckwallet important for several reasons. first all, the most secure way for someone hold and manage their bitqy because has specifically been designed for bitqy. secondly, the only way take advantage qyckwallet centralized wallet architecture the smart contract that relates stock conscious decision from the coin architects ownership bitqyck, inc. holding bitqy ensure compliance around corporate keeping the bitqy qyckwallet. due ownership within united states' jurisdiction. the anonymous nature cryptocurrency, again, since bitqy erc- token, holding bitqy qyckwallet not requirement unless users that have active qyckwallet can tie participating corporate governance events... their qyckwallet account registered see coin constitution for more info. bitqyck affiliate account and therefore have identity that necessary associate with equity ownership. other wallets not have that feature and therefore are perfectly anonymous. bitqy(tm) the official cryptocurrency bitqyck, inc. page tradebq tradebq bitqyck's custom bitqy open marketplace trading platform. through tradebq, users can monitor current prices well the top bids and asking prices for bitqy and report the most recent trades. bitqy can purchased through tradebq with bitcoin. takes less than minute create free account tradebq.com. the decision create tradebq immediately upon launch was give early bitqy holders liquidity while waited for listing public exchanges. fees are charged for trades tradebq. bitqyck bears the cost gas for trades through the tradebq system. mining and security the security the bitqy token guaranteed the security the underlying ethereum blockchain, which the time this writing proof work. bitqyck, inc. has applied the ideology "proof-of-work" the disbursement bitqy tokens future bitqy token holders. the designation proof work comes from mining from rewards for specific actions. compliance bitqyck, inc. has taken numerous precautions maintain complete compliance across its cryptocurrency operations. especially important due the smart contract stock connection that comes with the ownership bitqy. such, bitqyck has established direct working relationships with corporate governance and compliance professionals well business and securities attorneys. bitqy(tm) the official cryptocurrency bitqyck, inc. page the future bitqy the intent and goal bitqyck distribute all the allocated bitqy. that point, believe that bitqy will viable, global currency. bitqyck matures and the verticals business industries grow, the company plan has always been allow consumer use bitqy and merchants accept bitqy exchange for products and services. this type co-dependent relationship will ensure growth and success the bitqy marketplace well success for the consumers and merchants that transact business with bitqy. our vision that the "firstmovers" bitqyck will rewarded greatly their ownership bitqy move into the future. bitqy(tm) the official cryptocurrency bitqyck, inc. page