white paper multi-blockchain platform for construction and real estate market bitrent.io ver. legal disclaimer the purpose this white paper written bitrent project (the "company") present the rntb token (the "rntb token" "rntb" "token") potential holders connection with the proposed token launch. the information set forth below may not exhaustive and does not imply any elements contractual relationship.the sole purpose this white paper provide relevant and reasonable information potential token holders. holders rntb token are invited undertake thorough analysis the company and understand the current potential future values any acquired rntb tokens. nothing this white paper shall deemed constitute prospectus any sort solicitation for investment, nor does any way pertain offering, solicitation offer, buy any securities any jurisdiction. this document not composed accordance with, and not subject to, laws regulations any jurisdiction which are designed protect investors. certain statements, estimates, and financial information contained this white paper constitute forward-looking statements information. such forward-looking statements information involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties, which may cause actual events results differ materially from the estimates the results implied expressed such forward-looking statements. such forward-looking statements information not constitute promise any obligation. future events portrayed this white paper cannot considered promise profit and/or guaranteed forecast rntb growth. the calculations provided are solely based fundamental mathematical laws, including, but not limited to, metcalfe's law, reed's law, and moore's law. this english language white paper the primary official source information about the rntb token launch. the information contained herein may, from time time, translated into other languages used the course written verbal communications with existing and prospective customers, partners, and third parties. the course such translation communication, some the information contained herein may lost, corrupted, misrepresented. the accuracy such alternative communications cannot guaranteed. the event any conflicts inconsistencies between such translations and communications and this official english language white paper, the provisions this english language original document shall prevail. contents contents executive summary for bitrent introduction description the industry main tendencies the industry main problems the industry competitors about bitrent project brief description bitrent project ... construction monitoring and comfort control bitrent structures ... bitrent trading platform bitrent goals ... construction control optimization ... affordability ... implementing eco standards construction technical solutions used bitrent ... general technical description bitrent ... smart contract architecture ... platform operation algorithm legal framework for bitrent's activity bitrent strategy bitrent road map financial argumentation bitrent project ... bitrent's offered product ... bitrent's planned sales token structure rules vote and statement construction objects ico conditions issuing bitrent token distribution tokens cost estimation bitrent token bitrent team conclusions sources the risk factors executive summary for bitrent bitrent platform for decentralized organization real estate investment based blockchain and smart contracts. our mission provide everyone with the opportunity make investments real estate, both commercial and residential, any construction stage with geographical reference. our ultimate goal make this process fast, transparent, and secure possible. what problem does bitrent solve? one the most widespread problems the real estate market today reserved and conservative approach during the early stage construction, when developer needs seed capital most all. outdated control and monitoring model construction sector usually causes construction rise price and failure meet the date facility commissioning, thus, making this sector quite unaffordable for the majority people. this problem exacerbated the lack unified database construction objects need additional funds well the limited access this information general public. bitrent solves these issues combining the following innovative technologies within one platform: bim, rfid, leed, breeam, blockchain, primavera and smart contracts. the mentioned above solution offers everyone, from large companies individuals, access the opportunity participate constructions early stages and with geographical reference. the same time, this platform provides developers from all over the world with the opportunity pull together funds from multiple unrelated sources, significantly increasing the pull participants. such system promotes competition and more adequate pricing. how does bitrent operate? developer publishes object bitrent platform with the aim draw funds. token holder (or the "member") who has access this platform chooses the object that best meets his/her criteria/interests. then, smart contracts pool built basis for all platform's elements functioning, including token holder developer cooperation. the member transfers chosen cryptocurrency fiat the construction project's wallet. the member controls all construction processes real time. the company and management bitrent headquartered and incorporated the city london. bitrent founder dmitriy starovoitov possesses extensive experience real estate construction while carl francis, architect and leading advisor, has worked architecture sector for more than years worldwide. the management bitrent consists founder dmitriy starovoitov and co-founder dmitriy shapran. both partners will taking hands-on management roles the company. moreover, have assembled board experts construction and blockchain fields ensure efficient management operations. the experts are: carl francis, non-executive director imperial corporate capital abdulla almansoori, partner capital capture (uk) james trefty, senior software developer california earthquake authority our services our clients are private individuals and small and large companies who, participating our most promising platform based blockchain technology, aim have the access the real time information about real estate worldwide and the opportunity participate construction decisions different stages. bitrent's construction transactions are secured relevant technologies rfid tags, bim, smart contracts and blockchain. eth collected develop beta-version the platform and test construction project; eth collected develop downsized platform that covers countries; eth collected develop downsized version the platform that covers countries; eth collected develop full version the platform and launch support countries; eth collected collected, plan develop rfid tags; bitrent platform provides the following services each member: transparent and secure transactions based blockchain and smart contracts; access bitrent's full base construction projects seeking participants and complete information about each project; access object search upon the given parameters; right vote for construction projects participate in; opportunity monitor construction process online; right inquire about status the project; right obtain detailed information about the project any stage; access rating system real estate objects and developers and right rate and comment their quality; right vote over changes platform policy and service fees; right vote over conflict resolutions right vote over business expansion new countries. bitrent platform provides the following services each developer: right listed bitrent base construction projects any stage construction; access full base members; right contact and communicate directly with members; and right market themselves the members the platform. our competitive advantages symbiosis the following technologies blockchain, smart contracts, bim and rfid; leed, breeam certificates compliance; low participation barrier starting from and access projects with geographical reference. bitrent token (rntb) soft cap: eth target cap: eth hard cap: eth limited emission: rntb ethereum erc token pre-sale and ico projections the course pre-sale, you have unique opportunity get tokens with discount the primary stage and discount the final one. the price determined during pre-sale. duration: days. emission: rntb tokens. the amount rntb received for eth should counted based the following formula: sum xy/z sum stands for the amount rntb received. stands for the amount eth needed buy rntb. stands for the emission rntb for certain period. stands for the total amount eth received the current period. example: token buyer willing purchase the amount rntb worth eth. the emission the current period stands for rntb, with eth received during this period. sum eth rntb/ eth rntb the use such formula makes virtually impossible for one token buyer purchase all tokens. sum eth rntb/ eth rntb token price rntb eth bitrent unique blockchain platform that unites crypto-community the one hand and real estate developers, the other hand and allows every person the world become real estate owner any part the earth. introduction the primary stage construction the most beneficial for purchasing commercial and residential real estate, but not obtainable for everyone. our aim give everyone opportunity access the most promising industrial, commercial, and residential objects all construction stages and all over the world and provide developers with chance access huge pool interested parties looking buy real estate the construction stage. moreover, outdated model construction control and monitoring, which generally performed almost manual way, leads rise the construction cost price and failure meet initial deadlines. bitrent platform allows deal with all such challenges symbiosis open modeling bim technologies, monitoring automation all building stages, green standards, and possibility equity participation within the most perspective commercial and residential objects all stages construction with the help cryptocurrency. besides, using smart-contracts the platform makes investing commercial, industrial and residential real estate clear and predictable for ordinary user anywhere the world. the decentralized blockchain system will provide much better control over building process and will decrease transaction costs. believe that bitrent platform will change world's view blockchain the area the real estate. all technologies introduced within this platform will ultimately change the status quo building and investing areas. bitrent team description the industry main tendencies the industry indicated this white paper, the rntb token provides token holders with access the worldwide cross-functional trading platforms for real estate construction projects all stages development. the real estate market has number potential advantages. first, the real estate market has low-level volatility. second, despite the low-level risk, such assets' income quite high. ownership commercial, industrial and residential real estate allows get stable income. third incomparable important advantage the real property the protection from inflation. also prevents asset and rent price rise the time money depreciation. all the abovementioned advantages make real estate purchasing extremely practical for the purpose portfolio diversification and minimization market risks and macroeconomic shocks. the context permanent world-population growth and rapid economic development, commercial real estate market has unlimited opportunities for expansion, which means that more and more people will interested investing their savings such assets. there new investing trend emerging the financial field. more private individuals are getting interested small amount investments within equity construction market, with platforms appearing the horizon. one the most well-known examples realtyshares crowdfunding platform, which allows invest little their user base already has registered investors. investors consider real state the best low-risk asset for investments. other assets: gold, bonds, state company stocks. other assets: gold, bonds, state company stocks source: kpmg real estate investment survey the real property market itself the key element the economy and part national wealth the country. the amount the world real estate market was trillion. what more, trillion from total amount was made through the building market. according global construction perspectives and pwc's predictions, the amount the world construction market about increase almost money terms trillion. growth the global market the real estate construction expected within years. growth the global market the real estate construction expected within years source: global construction perspectives paper, the new decade, construction will aimed developing regions. will explained not only the rapid population growth, but also the growth the economic attractiveness india, china, and south africa. expected that about the world construction market will fall developing countries' markets against due the economic growth china, india, and indonesia, the market the real estate construction make from gdp against besides, according mckinsey global institute, expected that years quarter all population accommodated largest cities' agglomerations, thus, building new tendency mass residential building, commercial and industrial infrastructure. consequently, the real estate market characterized positive tendencies all senses. consequently, the real estate market characterized positive tendencies all senses. the growth the construction market and expansion its influence the growth investment attractiveness the real estate for private investors the lack necessary resources will become the new problem for the construction market. the earth's population reach almost billion people according the un's predictions. according the same source, there might almost million eco-refugees all over the world. this due the shortage high-quality food, lack clean water, and polluted air. all these predictions draw closer the well-known trend "green" construction. ecohouses save ecological construction does not only bring positive externalities for the society, but also improves economic health building. proved that economic efficiency "green" construction contributes the increase building's capitalization .-.% when ecological standards certificate collected. one may also observe decrease operating costs -%, quantity reduction vacant areas, growth building's occupancy well opportunity raise rent from everise consulting experts mark that applying such technologies may lead reduced building terms, infrastructure expenses well creation lot more attractive and modern buildings. energy water reduce emissions decrease the level waste during and after the construction period source: susterra partners according the report cbre's national green building adoption index, today almost areas the commercial real estate the largest cities the usa already match green standards. chinese five-year plan started requires that least half new constructions have certificated ecological standards. "green" construction closely tied the introduction new technological decisions within building and management the real estate objects. such approach requires permanent collection and deep analysis information. rfid (radio-frequency identification) rfid contactless data exchange technology. rfid tags are usually used for the inventory and commodities identification with the help reader. rfid primary advantage opportunity read data within certain radius, register objects' movements, and perform search. with the development digitalization, more demands rfid technologies will appear. according grand view research, rfid market will reach billion against only billion one the most promising directions for rfid systems' development their use construction. first all, rfid tags are placed all objects used during building process. afterwards, these tags are being read real time, which means that can track the building process online. the primary benefit such technology timely notifications well absence human factor. the case below-proof issues repairing damaged objects the construction site, these faults will traced with up-to-the second accuracy, and, best, fixed immediately upon their appearance. thanks powerful combination blockchain and rfid technologies, tags and readers will effectively protected from any fake alternatives. such synergy two technologies will allow get reliable and quick information about the building stages well object's state its dismantling. large companies all over the world finally understood the importance the combination these two important technological trends. thus, ibm company created blockchain platform keep track trucks and their cargo. addition, such trucks are equipped with rfid systems that collect data distance covered, which sent straight blockchain's memory. bim (building information modeling) bim decisions are meant for creating and collecting information about the building under construction any stage its existence. this technology allows reproduce accurate, all parameters, model computers and other devices. the use bim facilitates designing processes all stages, performs analysis and control all construction activities. bim technology takes into consideration all geometrical features building and all its structural elements. such complete model makes possible see all potential outcomes during construction advance, assess efficiency rate, compare alternative options order focus the best one and make accurate schedule all construction stages. the combination bim, blockchain and rfid technologies, leads resounding accuracy growth all processes. blockchain amplifies data stream control and protects from any potential frauds. smart-contracts smart-contracts system is, without exaggeration, regarded the main technology, among those mentioned above, and forms basis the whole project. smartcontracts system, built blockchain technology, allows storing reliable information all construction stages and deals made. smart-contracts withdraw the trust issue from the agenda between contracting officers and not only significantly speed the process, but also make more transparent. smart-contracts also simplify the transacting process within real estate deals. these very smart contracts will form basis for registers construction object ownership. unlike traditional methods, these documents are much safer. this cutting-edge technology guarantees safe money transactions making them simpler and quicker. main problems the industry spite positive trends the field real estate and construction, this sector faces range problems. problem: solution: influence geo- opportunity graphic factor. purchase real estate anywhere the world from any location the earth without being bound particular country. according the statistics, real estate buyers currently purchase real estate items located their place residence. this due the physical ability supervise the construction process and better understanding local engineering standards. also simplifies the resale process due familiarity with local market. bitrent platform enables members purchase any real estate item remotely. all transactions are processed instantly. moreover, thanks smart contract register, your purchase and real estate ownership are properly recorded and effectively protected. you don't need stand lines appropriate authorities and through complicated process gathering multiple documents order obtain proof ownership for immovable property. problem: solution: opportunity buy high entry barrier participate purchasing real estate. portions using cryptocurrency. buying whole real estate objects require possession quite substantial capital sums equal the cost the target real estate (starting from and higher), and lack option purchase real estate objects portions. bitrent platform provides opportunity every individual and company participate eco real estate construction. the real estate sector becomes more technological, with meeting eco standards never result objects price rise due efficient blockchain management, smart procurement policy well subcontractors choice and etc. problem: solution: non-transparency the construction process and financial losses when comes "freeze" project construction. combining bim and primavera with blockchain and smart contracts. the dynamics modern life makes all processes faster, including both constructional and architectural. therefore, even very slight construction "freeze" turns into heavy losses assets, which, could towards improvement aesthetical functional qualities immovable property. the longer project considered "frozen", the more vague becomes the finishing date project well the final costs the construction. one the standard causes unplanned "freezes" non-transparency the construction process and great number subcontracting parties. problem: solution: lack widespread application "green" technologies real estate construction. building objects using leed and breeam certificates and monitoring tags. currently, developers are not ready spend money genuine ecoconstruction due increased expenses and project delivery time. bitrent builds distributed ledger using rfid, smart contract, leed and breeam technologies. such approach will cause eco-construction more developer attractive. object built compliance with "green" standards automatically rises price -%, when sale. competitors efforts have been made address the mentioned above challenges with help traditional projects well projects based blockchain technologies, but none them have been successful far. bitrent the first ever project that resolves legal, financial, and technical issues alltogether. nevertheless, for the sake our members, would like introduce comparison study the big league technological real estate market players possessing products based traditional well blockchain technologies. comparison criteria propy enso industry agrello brickblock primalbase atlant dacom -the company ready-made blockchain solutions state registers immovable property rights. bitrent implementation operation operation operation launch stage launch stage operation operation operation launch stage global scale yes yes yes yes yes yes yes availability legal documents construction project status yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes availability construction documents yes yes yes yes availability financial records yes yes yes access real estate purchase/sale yes yes yes yes yes yes yes access equity construction yes yes yes low threshold for investment yes yes supporting green technologies yes thus, bitrent the first blockchain project, which includes global proprietary rights register, platform allowing find, access, participate in, and control real estate projects, and pull together funds necessary start continue any construction project the shortest timespan anywhere the world. furthermore, such construction will the most transparent process ever because token purchasers can check all legal, technological, and financial documentation provided developer, stored blockchain, and available online. besides that, this the first project that implements global eco standards the field real estate construction without raising building costs. about bitrent project brief description bitrent project bitrent project cross-functional purchase/monitoring/sale platforms for real estate construction projects all stages development worldwide. below detailed description each and every functional part. ... construction monitoring and comfort control bitrent structures rule, managing companies spend lot time manually monitor all stages construction from the design assessment effectiveness and comfort level, which negatively affects the cost and facility completion deadline. bitrent the first decentralized platform that allows members track real time online mode all the processes the construction from the modeling the final inspection the finished building with the help smart-contracts and blockchain. such register maintained through assigning each operational process unique number kept the architecture smart-contracts (smart-contracts about modeling, all stages construction, the shared participation investment etc.) ... bitrent trading platform bitrent platform for decentralized organization real estate purchases based blockchain and smart contracts. bitrent the first platform provide access the worldwide database industrial, commercial and residential real estate all stages construction all interested individuals and companies. also allows make secure transactions and monitor statuses various projects. bitrent goals ... construction control optimization aiming optimize control over construction projects and improve their efficiency, blockchain-based bitrent platform developed wide range technologies that make purchase real estate the initial stage construction simple, transparent, and available anyone. this platform provides rntb holders with opportunity purchase real estate worldwide the most beneficial stage primary construction with almost expenses all. plus, they gain total online control over construction process. thus, bitrent will transform the primary commercial and residential real estate market, making more affordable, transparent, safer, more reliable, flexible, and dynamic there will more need hire audit companies that are inevitably involved construction process. ... affordability bitrent's platform eliminates any minimum requirements for participating any real estate project. bitrent's platform provides safe and efficient participation construction since all real estate operations are kept within smart-contracts environment. thus, bitrent represents combination legal, financial, technical, and blockchain components meant dramatically change the field the real estate market! ... implementing eco standards construction believe that climate change and shortage resources will reinforce eco standards' standing construction. nevertheless, also believe that, with competent management construction funds, these standards will not lead automatic price increase. all constructions participating bitrent platform will equipped with trackers transmitting data shown the figure below. the process will meet all comfort energy ecology standards based upon key parameters (light version leed, breeam, dgnb). bitrent platform will collect such data and pass over platform's members upon completion the construction process. this means that client will empowered choose the most practical option terms the comfort level, energy efficiency rate, and building conditions, will reduce negative environmental impact, and will have better expense policy. certain trackers will stored buildings for about years, which will help control their condition down its dismantling recycling. types data transmitted via bitrent trackers adopting ecological standards, bitrent platform will also stimulate developers, willing listed bitrent, focus implementation eco standards their construction projects. doing so, bitrent platform will support self-sufficient circular economy when all resources are recycled. believe that eco standards will become integral part the world real estate market! technical solutions used bitrent ... general technical description bitrent bitrent uses the following technology: server ios application client website .net web api service, mongodb database. two replica sets, oauth identity check, all services used across microsoft azure. objectivec (supports all smartphones). compatibility: ios and higher bitrent buy-rent-properties. bitrent.io: asp.net mvc react.js. transaction platform prototype based the internet platform: open ethereum based blockchain, java, web. years come, bitrent aims using distributed databases order store lists the form transitional steps the way toward decentralized solution. mobile and desktop applications will have digital wallets keep bitrent tokens (rntb), that token holders may keep their rntbs that are collected rewards, which are described further. ... smart contract architecture the architecture smart contracts consists several elements: property contract transfer property contract identification contract stores and updates metadata within blockchain. records related information transfer property well monitors and invites transaction parties. stores wealth records identification data for all system users. legal agreements contract e-signatures contract transaction contract stores copies various legal documents. stores e-signatures all documents and checks digital signature format. manages payment requests and monitors status payment requests ... platform operation algorithm the working process exchange platform and collaborative use can described follows: sellers display property description bitrent platform. buyers search for real state that matches their criteria. buyers send offers using smart contracts register subjects under corresponding legal conditions. sellers accept offers e-signatures. intermediaries fulfill their functions (agreement analysis, notarial procedures and etc.). when all the mentioned above conditions are met, smart contracts launch payment system that enables buyers deliver payments digital money. smart contracts monitor payments and transfer property new owner bitrent register upon fulfillment all conditions. design this system modular way and enable buyers monitor fulfillment the contract terms. legal framework for bitrent's activity bitrent project delivered establishment non-public companies accordance with the law. legal organizational form determined lawyers' recommendations compliance with safe and legally secure model dealing with digital money and its investors with ico under preparation. public relationships between company and members (or "ico participants") will governed partnership liabilities (public offer) within the frame funds' tokens produced. tokens, however, not grant the right run company since they not function equity shares. bitrent business model bitrent strategy aim launch entirely decentralized platform for attracting buyers into construction sector based blockchain technology. for facilities offered for sale, these are constructions selected bitrent, that comply with eco standards and equipped with bitrent trackers. this will provide token holders with exhaustive information the status any real estate item within the decentralized network. short-term strategy partially decentralized platform listing participating real estate projects and recording all transaction monitoring all stages construction access partnership market newlybuilt real estate long-term strategy completely decentralized platform listing participating real estate projects archiving construction information all participated real estate objects access global market newlybuilt real estate bitrent road map foundation the construction and development company delivered million commercial and residential real estate april working first thought for bitrent platform launch initial bitrent platform september presale november ico january monetization march finishing platform development march final platform testing june final platform launch october financial argumentation bitrent project the platform will launched under any condition, that is, the platform will established even the required amount funds not collected. collecting the planned amount: forming escrow establishing bitrent platform escrow resources will dedicated financing commercial projects, which are currently under construction, using technologies developed within this platform. collecting less the planned amount: forming escrow establishing bitrent platform the platform will launched any case, that is, will established even the required amount funds not collected. the financial background bitrent project based upon analytical research key industry indicators well competitive ecosystems. aggregated data market structure and its dynamics, including projected market share the project and its growth rates, has been used provide more accurate assessment. the expected world market volume construction will trillion. believe that, marketing budgets are used properly, may expect every thousandth transaction made our platform, which would give market share. based this prognosis and the average level commission fees between ,-,% from transactions amounts, plan expect average annual revenue million forecasted amount deals forecasteed platform's forecasted construction terms from turnover commission profit,gross market volume the total volume expenses forecasted profit, net trillion billion million $,,. ,,. trillion billion million $,,. ,,. trillion billion million $,,. ,,. p&l the project expenses needed maintain platform's operations were calculated based the approximate expenditures staff salaries, office rent, utility costs, legal support costs, marketing budgets, and company audit. costs (core operation budget, usd) staffing full time employers ceo chief data scientist coo head operations tbd cmo chief marketing officer chief investment manager property director account manager business development emea business development asia business development america total full time ,,. contractors blockchain engineer blockchain engineer block end engineer ios developer product designer chief staff new contractor total contractos total payroll ,,. ,,. ,,. other operating expenses rent accounting bank service charges marketing firm expenses office expenses travel other consulting legal reserve total other operating expenses total operating expenses ,,. ,,. ,,. costs structure ... bitrent's offered product bitrent project interest for all real estate and construction market players, including private individuals and companies. mentioned above, bitrent innovative platform meant provide every interested person entity with real-time access worldwide base real estate projects and enable secure and fast real estate transactions using cryptocurrency with help construction monitoring system. bitrent's income consists charging interests from real estate turnover transactions. ... bitrent's planned sales previously noted, bitrent platform charges small interests upon successful completion transactions digital currency well for usage premium services (with the interest rate averaging between and depending the type transaction). all payments are made using digital currency (in countries where officially permitted) and/or fiat money (in countries where digital currency transactions are forbidden). given the fact that the foreign purchases/sales real estate market rated trillion, with bitrent project's target markets covering almost all mature and developing economies, may strive get the project's turnover amount billions, provided its marketing strategy carried out smart way. interest, well premium service payments, charged bitrent, are well below those the competitors, which makes this product quite competitive and promising through the lens economics. token rntb token structure rntb utility token for the following purposes: does not provide any equity interest bitrent company; its main function provide access the bitrent base and transaction system; funds collected will not distributed until the platform ready for launching; all collected funds will kept escrow; token holders will have the right select real estate projects participate in, monitor their progress, and stop their participation, i.e. they not rely exclusively the actions others; addition access rights, the rntb token represents method payment for services and processing fees the platform, including advertisement campaigns and project promotion the platform; priority access rights based the number tokens purchased the holder (currently, for buyers tokens more, but the platform reserves the right change the specified quantity); tokens can driven out the platform and sold the exchange. prices for all services and processing fees are set fiat, but paid tokens. when payment performed, the system determines the amount tokens, based the going exchange rate, then takes them from client's wallet buys the necessary quantity according the going rate the exchange via integrated exchange module. commission collected the platform falls into two groups: tokens are reserved the platform during services delivery; tokens are burned (the platform reserves the right change the specified percentage ratio) for the project placed the platform, has first through the platform's audit procedure; audit processing time varies accordance with the chosen service packages. take part voting the platform, all users should have less than tokens their accounts (the platform reserves the right change the specified quantity). get access project information, token purchasers choose range services via subscription based approach. these services differ sets information from basic data live stream from tags and cameras site. promote projects, developers are provided with the service that can give their projects higher position search results. the form additional services, the platform offers legal support/control for deals with object placed the platform. the platform renders escrow services for projects and makes sure that the projects use funds indicated the roadmap. rules vote and statement construction objects the user has have the account rntb (the platform reserves the right change the specified quantity). the developer undergoes preliminary registration add the offered object the voting list. users get access the voting list. the voting list has number parameters filter objects specific criteria: type object, its location, construction costs, rating the developer, and other factors. listed, each object has receive specific number votes. the required minimum may vary depending the project's costs, country placement, developer's rating and other factors. for example, project with higher costs and lower rating the country will require higher number votes. please see "the table for determination minimum number votes below." example: developer wishes begin construction the territory the usa requiring budget million. according this table, will require least voices votes due the budget required votes due the country placement.) bitrent reserves the right change this table. the table for determination necessary number votes cost necessary country number votes placement necessary number votes thousand million north america million million asia million million africa from million europe (the platform reserves the right change required number votes from this table once the necessary number votes reached, confirmation passing verification and final addition sent the developer. users voted for the passing developer receive privileges. examples such privileges include free set digital copies all project documents, free month subscription premium projects, and other preferences. after each voting, rntb (the platform reserves the right change the specified quantity) written off the voting user's balance. exchange, except for the cases bonus access described item the voting user receives points and increases his rating. receive point, the user must vote for objects (the platform reserves the right change this option). table rating accumulation rating points privilege free obtaining digital copies documents subscription for months premium objects subscription for months premium objects subscription for months premium objects; access investment early stages subscription for months premium objects; access investment early stages; discount for sending means fiat rntb instead rntb for each (the platform reserves the right change required number points and privilege list) ico conditions issuing bitrent token the rntb tokens have fixed total amount billion tokens. therefore, demand will grow, there will increase the total number tokens. the number tokens that may issued each stage indicated below. tokens the pre-sale stage tokens during ico total tokens the limited number rntb tokens that may issued should protect the token from inflation. distribution tokens open sale pre-sale founders bitrent team bounty cost estimation bitrent token first stage the token sale will last until december during this stage, million token rntb the total emission) will offered for sale. the second stage starts december offering million tokens for sale (,% total issuing). remaining million tokens the total issue) are reserved for bitrent and will not available for exchange trading. token purchaser may use eth btc only buy the rntb tokens, with the price going unfixed and varied depending the market. the amount rntb received for eth should counted based the following formula: sum xy/z sum stands for the amount rntb received. stands for the amount eth needed buy rntb. stands for the emission rntb for certain period. stands for the total amount eth received the current period. example token purchaser willing buy the rntb worth eth. the emission the current period stands for rntb, with eth received during this period. sum eth rntb/ eth rntb the use such formula makes virtually impossible for one purchaser buy all tokens. sum eth rntb/ eth rntb token price rntb eth the minimum purchase volume token ethereum. bitrent team dmitriy starovoitov founder dmitriy possesses wide range outstanding knowledge and skills the following fields: years experience within leading construction projects with more than real estate objects and million sq. commercial property ukraine, kazakhstan and the uae; -year experience investing commercial property europe and the middle east.aside from dmitriy's professional activities, also takes part community life being sponsor good hearts fund. doing so, dmitriy contributes the well-being ukraine his efforts meant support talented orphans and break all barriers front their bright future. high profile blockchain technology professional and critic with years experience blockchain industry. dmitriy shapran ceo co-founder possesses more than years experience the following fields: real estate, corporate finances, mba and asset management. sergii kyrylovskyi co-founder years experience managing large companies. possesses expert knowledge finance and cryptocurrency. igor pavlov business developer bitrent igor always lives lockstep with global internet technologies and financial market trends. he's more than just interested worldwide impact blockchain technology all segments and areas the world around including the construction sector. having assessed plans and the potential bitrent, igor made decision join the team share his rich experience and become part the revolutionary future construction business. carl francis qualified architect carl francis qualified architect with over years experience worldwide. result, regarded many one the top architects the world, with exemplary portfolio iconic masterpieces.carl began his professional career norman foster from where then briefly moved onto gensler before residing for years benoy where held directorship. his work comprises large small scale developments well bespoke interior accommodation. has managed projects worldwide and been based many key world cities, delivering commercially viable unique design projects.he also has experience many accommodation sectors, well in-depth knowledge historic design periods and realising commercially viable designs. carl responsible for projects such elements shopping mall hong kong, international commerce centre hong kong, orchard shopping centre singapore, and ferrari world abu dhabi name few. dmitriy kolesnik technical director dmitriy one the leaders the team with more than years experience developing and building complex solutions meant for improvement. he's also the ideologist the platform's integration and interaction with end users. dmitriy possesses wide range expertise and practical application creating, adapting and modernizing web resources diverse complexity well designing the architecture server side. maksim zalevski marketing expert maksim has always been the forefront contemporary technology and that's why he's known blockchain evangelist, marketing expert and eco-activist. maksim expert project management all stages. possesses huge experience bringing projects from just idea successfully operating business mechanism with extensive opportunities for the community. james trefry software engineer seasoned professional with years experience full-stack software design and development, using wide-range technologies, and applied across multiple industries, including healthcare, education, insurance, sales/ distribution, and technology. andre anikin software engineer passionate software engineer with hands-on experience testing who finely attuned testing needs and sensibilities. working knowl development life cycle. develop test documentation including test plans, test suites, test cases, test matricesunderstanding computing, internet technologies, and web applications architecturefor him software testing not just work do, but way life.currently lives and works the usa. sergey valuy chief technology officer smartum pro cto with technical vision projects and more than years experience software development.having overcome all challenges during these years, sergey assesses risks and makes decisions aimed releasing quality products the shortest possible time. alexander kucheravy architect, active house verifier architect from belarus with more than years energy efficient projects experience who applies integrated design approach. active house verifier april active house guidelines design developer delivered two projects based active house approach: first multi-unit residential project belarus optimahouse project ukraine stands for sustainable development ideas and implements active house vision his architectural practices adapted the local climate, culture, economic conditions. since living and working ukraine. kirill beresnev blockchain engineer enthusiastic blockchain engineer from smarted pro with years relevant experience: development ethereum and hyperledger fabric; development ico smart-contracts and erc tokens; development offchain tools (oracles) and bigchain db. kirill believes that distributed systems and decentralized organization are change the real estate industry. seth johnson developer and bitrent advisor seth full-stack developer. has been developing code for medical institution and became bitrent's advisor dan sirghi legal officer deep expertise bank financing sme customers with portfolio exceeding euros, well the field banking products and processes. extensive experience acquired investment banking, particular the field export financing and the field the analysis and reorganization business processes. expert the field optimization marketing campaigns, development and implementation monitoring and reporting procedures. artur bey legal officer expert the field project and corporate finance. since has attracted and structured financing the total amount more than million euros for projects central and eastern europe. specialist the field evaluation, preparation and carrying out mergers and acquisitions. has successful experience guiding companies when entering new markets, the establishing sales departments and optimization financial flows. valeria volosach business developer skilled business analysis and software product ideology formation and promotion for software products. vitali yermakou chief business development officer development and startups success.helped numerous businesses the and western europe reach their business goals through top-notch technical solutions.passionate about iot solutions and smart contract implementation for business. anna melnychuk community management expert community management/ expert: community reactions analysis and feedback provision developers.technical support expert: consulting customers products/services and timely customers' technical issues solving.three years experience blockchain startups.according anna, the key success any field activity the ability listen the needs people and understand them. mikhail kushka blockchain developer blockchain developer with the skills both writing the smart contracts ethereum using the programming language solidity and ico development launching. furthermore, gained competence front-end and back-end development and professional experience working with js, python, and php. i'm also keen machine learning and big data. denys krolevetskyi blockchain developer blockchain developer having expertise writing smart contracts with solidity. ico development and launch skills. -year experience the following fields: programming; front-end development. enthusiastic about writing apps with unity victor pylypiuk lead copy victor creative copywriter with -year experience cooperating with startups. he's made some great copies far and, fact, you're reading one them right now. conclusions blockchain-based project bitrent focused general public and, our opinion, will give stimulus the transformation the entire commercial and residential real estate market the primary stage construction and will make accessible average people. the project implemented within the following stages: establishing prototype the platform issuing and selling rntb tokens launching the platform and increasing the number members bitrent expands its worldwide presence. sources active house [internet resource] url: https://www.activehouse.info american house prices: realty check [internet resource] url: https:// www.economist.com/blogs/graphicdetail///daily-chart- commercial real estate market trends [internet resource] url: www.loopnet.com/markettrends (data obrashcheniia ..) emerging trends real estate [internet resource] url: https:// www.pwc.com/us/en/asset-management/real-estate/emerging-trends-in-realestate.html everise consulting [internet resource] url: http://www.everise.com/ (data obrashcheniia ..). global construction perspectives [internet resource] url: http:// www.globalconstruction.com global market outlook [internet resource url: http://www.ey.com/ publication/vwluassets/ey-global-market-outlook--trends-in-real-estateprivate-equity/$file/ey-global-market-outlook--trends-in-real-estate-privateequity.pdf housing outlook eight predictions from the experts [internet resource] url: https://www.forbes.com/sites/samanthasharf//// housing-outlook--eight-predictions-from-the-experts/#efa mckinsey global institute [internet resource] url: mckinsey global institute newmarket real estate trends [internet resource] url: https://www.zolo.ca/ newmarket-real-estate/trends real estate market trends: will benefit buyers, sellers both? [internet resource] url: https://www.fortunebuilders.com/real-estate-markettrends-/ the u.s. real estate market trends, characteristics and outlook [internet resource] url: https://seekingalpha.com/article/-u-s-real-estatemarket-trends-characteristics-outlook these trends will shape the housing market [internet resource] url: http://fortune.com////real-estate-trends--/ the risk factors the purchase tokens associated with high risk degree, including, but not limited the risks listed below. before purchasing rntb tokens, each potential buyer recommended carefully pay attention all the information and risks outlined this white paper, bitrent's purchase agreement, and, particularly the following factors: computer infrastructure dependence: dependence bitrent company the functioning software applications, computer equipment, and the internet means that the bitrent cannot guarantee that break the system will not adversely affect the use rntb tokens owned holders. despite the fact that bitrent uses all reasonable measures ensure network security, the servers its data center computer viruses, physical and electronic hacking and other intrusions similar character. computer viruses, break-ins and other violations caused actions third parties can lead interruptions, delays and suspension the provision services, which may limit the possibility using rntb tokens. limitations the smart contract: the technology smart contract still its early stages development and its application experimental nature. this fact may threaten significant operational, legal, technological, reputational and financial risks. although audit conducted independent third party enhances security, accuracy and reliability smart contract, can not serve the warranty, including any expressed warranty that the rntb smart contract suitable for its intended use, that does not contain flaws, weaknesses other problems that may cause technical difficulties complete loss the rntb token. legal regulations: technology the blockchain, including but not limited the release tokens, may new concept some jurisdictions that can apply current laws, enact new legislative regulations based blocking technology, and such regulations may conflict with the current rntb smart contract and the concept rntb token. taxes: rntb token holders may have obligations pay taxes relation with transactions considered herein, the united states their countries residence. this case, holders rntb tokens are solely responsible for compliance with and other jurisdictions and all relevant taxes. force majeure: the activities the company bitrent can interrupted, suspended delayed due force majeure circumstances. for the purposes this white paper, force majeure means events and circumstances extraordinary nature that could not foreseen bitrent, and include natural disasters, wars, armed conflicts, riots, industrial conflicts, epidemics, mass layoffs, strikes with reduced productivity labor, long-term shortages interruptions electricity supply telecommunications services, the actions the municipal government, state and federal government, and other circumstances not beyond the control bitrent, which were not observed the time publication this white paper. such circumstances occur before the release rntb tokens, and bitrent can not issue rntb tokens within month from the scheduled date, the escrow agent may return the money paid them rntb token purchase. the refund paid the original amount and form payment the same digital wallet bank account where the funds were transferred from. information disclosure: personal information received from holders rntb tokens, information the number tokens belonging holders rntb tokens, addresses used purses and other relevant information may disclosed law enforcement and state authorities and other third parties bitrent required disclose such information law, subpoena court order. bitrent shall time responsible for the disclosure such information for the stated reasons. token value: the cost purchased rntb tokens can vary significantly for various reasons. bitrent does not guarantee any specific price rntb tokens any specific time. bitrent assumes responsibility for any changes the cost rntb tokens. bitcoin and ether fluctuations: fluctuations the bitcoin and ether exchange rate may affect the ability the company provide services specified prices. assumptions with respect the above include judgments about future economic, competitive and market conditions and business decisions, most which are not subject control the bitrent team and, therefore, are difficult accurately predict. although the bitrent team believes its assumptions are reasonable, any them may the future prove incorrect. therefore, the bitrent team does not guarantee that the foreseen preliminary statements given this white paper will accurate. the light the considerable uncertainty, inherent the forward-looking preliminary statements provided this document, the inclusion such information can not interpreted guarantee from the part bitrent any other legal entity that the objectives and plans the bitrent project will successfully implemented. more detailed list risk factors set forth the risk matrix document. please, take into consideration that the bitrent project may subject other risks that the project team can not foresee the moment. note: emphasize that bitrent team cannot guarantee steady growth the price rntb tokens, and not responsible for the possible losses with speculative use tokens. access that bitrent services unconditionally guaranteed the current market price the rntb token.