bitstash marketplace whitepaper the bitstash marketplace disrupting the trillion dollar commerce industry one transaction time. providing decentralized marketplace and cryptocurrency for buyers and sellers. stash aims provide solution our current inflation problems within commerce. website bitstash.co email hello@bitstash.co executive summary why, what, how finance, there natural supply and demand that occurs within commerce. however, overtime the supply curve has been growing unprecedented rate. this what commonly reference "inflation". the reason stash was created, have cryptocurrency used for transactions that free from tax and fees that can utilized anywhere the world without any restrictions. fiat currency the primary form which nearly the population uses complete transactions induce trade. stash can used primary form payment not only the bitstash marketplace, but also integrated various vendor and supplier websites, ecommerce platforms and soon in-store accept stash form payment. believe overtime stash will begin stabilize being used for millions transactions daily basis. also this regard, stash will become symbol value. stash begins gain adoption within commerce, believe the limited supply nature will provide reverse effect our current inflation model. bitstash marketplace (c) whitepaper version copyright bitstash marketplace (c) all rights reserved page overview bitstash has several products that are being developed bring cryptocurrency commerce. the primary product development has been the stash token, which used facilitate transactions for products, goods and services. another product that has been developed the bitstash marketplace; this decentralized platform where users can buy sell products using stash. additionally, bitstash (stash) actively developing payment solutions and plugins for businesses and organizations start accepting stash crypto form payment, bridging the gap between commerce and crypto. problem one the biggest and most predominant issues within commerce and finance consumers can't buy anything for penny even dollar most cases. many years ago, fiat currency was more valuable and had limited amount around. the years progress, see many individuals not only selling, but also buying goods services while having difficult time saving (fiat) money. this solely caused our current inflation model. solution our intention not replace fiat currency, however, aim provide unique approach creating ecosystem unattached the current inflationary model. all know, fiat currency the foundational currency which our society operates daily basis. bitstash (stash) provides reliable, stable and tax-exempt cryptocurrency enable seamless transactions. limited supply currency hosting safer transactions ecosystem that allows the token holders have full control their finances all times. limited supply currency which there third party requiring permission interact with stash. token economics the following related the stash token economics. (ico finished.) total supply: ,,, stash ico price: eth eth available community: ,,, stash (.%) bitstash marketplace (c) whitepaper version copyright bitstash marketplace (c) all rights reserved page privacy our members privacy the utmost importance. any information collected the bitstash marketplace will not shared with anyone. take pride keeping our users information safe, secure and private. keep mind that the payment solutions create only capture your eth address and provide proof payment. any personal information not shared collected any stash payment solution provider. all information publicly visible via the ethereum blockchain. opportunity the bitstash marketplace and stash token have created huge opportunity for those already using cryptocurrency well those who not own know about crypto. stash creating products and solutions for existing newly founded businesses start accepting cryptocurrency their website and in-store. there are millions businesses that want easy way accept crypto while maintaining value relation the products services being sold for cryptocurrency. they not want concerned with mining, staking, any other trends the industry. companies that want accept cryptocurrency need easy, secure and reliable way conduct transactions. stash has proven the solution. mission our mission provide the highest level security available commerce. introducing new users the world blockchain and exactly what the technology capable of. creating real use case for cryptocurrency and enabling billions people all around the world the buy sell products with cryptocurrency, which helps reverse the traditional inflation model. disclaimer this project work progress and subject significant change. with that said, any changes are meant improve the project for our community. all figures are brought examples and are used for for explanation purposes only. while make every effort ensure that all information this whitepaper correct, the information herein may out date, incomplete, inconsistent, and/or inaccurate and way implies contractual relationship. the material not professional, financial investment advice. bitstash marketplace (c) whitepaper version copyright bitstash marketplace (c) all rights reserved page table contents executive summary market overview differences between traditional commerce ecommerce ecommerce overview brick mortar overview financial overview supply demand bitstash (stash) solutions bitstash marketplace platform ecommerce payment plugins in-store payment solutions mobile "tap pay" app solutions stash token stash token economy token allocation token utility why stash token bitstash (stash) roadmap estimated development time projections disclaimer legal regulatory references credit bitstash marketplace (c) whitepaper version copyright bitstash marketplace (c) all rights reserved page market overview definition, "commerce normally refers the macroeconomic purchase and sale goods and services large organizations scale. the sale purchase single item consumer defined transaction, while commerce refers all transactions related the purchase and sale that item economy. most commerce conducted internationally and represents the buying and selling goods between nations." the stash token can used for both ecommerce platforms and traditional brick mortar commerce. our primary focus will the advancement both ecommerce and traditional commerce. there huge demand for both vendors and consumers save each transaction that conducted in-store online. about all transaction costs are passed onto the vendor with the consumer unaware the extra cost running online in-store business. these transaction fees are relatively small per transaction. however, running in-store business ecommerce site that producing more than month can run yearly cost about just accept payment for services products sold online in-store. this extra expense could used grow the company organization faster, hire more workers, pay for rent, marketing advertising, etc. further break down earnings year after year based inflation, the company should expect yearly growth stay business. otherwise, the business could risk running out capital. take moment review the differences between traditional commerce ecommerce below. bitstash marketplace (c) whitepaper version copyright bitstash marketplace (c) all rights reserved page differences between traditional commerce ecommerce traditional commerce ecommerce heavy dependency information exchange from person person. information sharing made easy via electronic communication channels making little dependency person person information exchange. communication/ transaction are done synchronous way. manual intervention required for each communication transaction. communication transaction can done asynchronous way. electronics system automatically handles when pass communication required person the transactions. difficult establish and maintain standard practices traditional commerce. uniform strategy can easily established and maintain e-commerce. communications business depends upon individual skills. ecommerce electronic market, there human intervention. unavailability uniform platform traditional commerce depends heavily personal communication. ecommerce website provides user platform where all information available one place. uniform platform for information sharing depends heavily personal communication. ecommerce provides universal platform support commercial business activities across the globe. bitstash marketplace (c) whitepaper version copyright bitstash marketplace (c) all rights reserved page ecommerce overview can see from the diagram above there are some huge benefits running ecommerce business opposed having in-store traditional commerce business. the other hand, ecommerce businesses are not free from day day struggles and still require some finesse acquire customers get what called the "flywheel" start naturally. there are plenty extremely successful ecommerce platforms can learn from. for example, amazon, ebay, catch, mydeal, etsy, alibaba, graysonline, tmall, jd.com are industry leaders. all these ecommerce platforms and marketplaces have several things common however, the most important thing that each these organizations share they are all consumer obsessed. this obsession drives their development further and provides continued advancement services. above can see the worldwide ecommerce revenue average per shopper online. bitstash marketplace (c) whitepaper version copyright bitstash marketplace (c) all rights reserved page brick mortar overview while running ecommerce platform may have its inherent benefits, brick mortar in-store locations are necessary and will always around provide "instant" satisfaction exchange for products, services, and goods. imagine how strange would have your starbucks coffee delivered rather than being able grab when you want while it's still hot. brick mortar businesses might change year after year and automation may around the corner, but for the most part, these traditional places commerce are here stay for the time being. there are various industries that only offer services in-person in-store that could also benefit from payment solution such stash. providing store owners and service providers with custom code that would allow for instant and seamless transactions stash. the network evolves and continued development takes place, aim provide additional solutions including "tap pay" payment solution, point sale system, integrations existing point sale systems already being used these locations. some industries interest that are exploring solutions for include the following general merchandise, clothing apparel, food farm products, service professionals, entertainment industries, concerts events, bars clubs, cannabis medical marijuana, businesses, consultants, delivery services, hardware stores, restaurants, and other industries. all these industries could benefit using stash form payment for their products, goods services. bitstash marketplace (c) whitepaper version copyright bitstash marketplace (c) all rights reserved page financial overview running barebones marketplace ecommerce platform doesn't take much funding have everything and running. servers nowadays are very inexpensive and can setup various platforms get started right away. however, just because barebones setup might able turn profit, probably wouldn't staple the industry. have real impact commerce ecommerce, companies need set apart from the pack, have solid inventory, unbeatable pricing, partnerships with manufacturers, easy use platform, quality customer service and team driven individuals keep things moving forward. general expenses for operating fully rounded marketplace (yearly) servers $,+ team support $,+ office space $,+ credit card processor $,+ inventory storage $,+ partnerships integrations $,+ marketing advertising $,+ private label products $,+ note: these are general expenses and not signify requirement successful marketplace ecommerce platform. the above example range and expected increase. above can see the difference traditional ecommerce payment payment with stash. bitstash marketplace (c) whitepaper version copyright bitstash marketplace (c) all rights reserved page supply demand the supply quantity demanded exact relation any given items price. this true across the board for just about everything life put price on. lower the amount available with high demand will produce item with higher price. alternatively, item that has large amount available with low demand will induce lower item price. the graph below shows market equilibrium experiencing shift supply and shift demand. the stash token cryptocurrency with limited supply, there only ,,, stash available and more will ever created. put this perspective, this less than the entire world population currently. stash cryptocurrency that used facilitate any transaction worldwide matter seconds free any fees. bitstash believes that this new form payment will create significant market demand and use case for billions people anywhere the world. with this change, also believe can reverse the inevitable inflation and reduced value most traditional fiat currencies. bitstash marketplace (c) whitepaper version copyright bitstash marketplace (c) all rights reserved page bitstash (stash) solutions are currently creating solutions which stash can used the developing world without restrictions. encourage third party development stash start roll out our planned solutions for stash. bitstash community based project and driven our community support and development. both commerce and ecommerce develop, are seeing demand for new technology and better solutions enter the marketplace. just google, apple, square and others have started develop this space interact seamlessly our daily lives. stash aims bridge the gap that cryptocurrency lacking terms development into better payment technology and adaptability. stash proposing new way conduct transactions through the use mobile applications, blockchain, iot, nfc and other means communication. the first initiative create marketplace solution that can used anyone anywhere the world purchase products, services, goods via the stash token. this considered our flagship solution show the success both our consumers and vendors the marketplace. development progresses relation our roadmap and estimated development time, more solutions will begin rolled out planned. currently, bitstash working completing the development our in-house ecommerce payment solution and aims have our first set payment solutions live summer additionally, bitstash plans have the official mobile application launched soon. users will able store stash their mobile phones and complete payment select stores via codes before rolling out the "tap pay" mobile and in-store payment solutions with stash. bitstash marketplace (c) whitepaper version copyright bitstash marketplace (c) all rights reserved page bitstash marketplace platform the bitstash marketplace currently live alpha beta testing and can used buy sell products, services, goods the available categories. the marketplace our flagship location primarily test and see the results that can obtained using our payment solutions. the time writing, there currently products that can purchased with the stash token cryptocurrency. new products are being added regular basis bitstash acquiring vendors naturally. once our partnership milestone reached, bitstash will start partnering with select brands the marketplace offer more products better prices the near future. each transaction the bitstash marketplace sent into escrow smart contract, which can only released the purchaser. this record events captured within our payment solution and passed along the vendor new transaction order. once the vendor has completed delivery and supplied tracking information (if applicable) and received the purchaser, funds are then released the appropriate party. just like any marketplace, the bitstash marketplace aims safe and secure place conduct transactions while purchasing products. have created in-depth terms and conditions agreement for both vendors and consumers well having well versed return policy for missing damaged products. after initially launching the bitstash marketplace and going live with the alpha beta platform, have acquired over two thousand new accounts just few days after the launch. already, are able see the demand for purchasing products with cryptocurrency begin trend. bitstash marketplace (c) whitepaper version copyright bitstash marketplace (c) all rights reserved page ecommerce payment plugins addition the bitstash marketplace, are developing payment solutions required facilitate ecommerce payments our platform and others. mentioned, the bitstash marketplace flagship ecommerce platform show exactly how business can operate entirely with stash. updated ecommerce payment solution interface (being tested and developed). the below image example the user interface for making payments stash and will regularly updated. the image the left shows what customer will see after entering their shipping and contact information. will tally the order total, shipping cost and any other fees ecommerce owners can set. addition that the price stash calculated real time based the current trading price stash. the payment solution also checks ensure that metamask has been installed easily transact send stash complete payment. alternatively you can also pay with stash via third party wallets that you can include transaction data (easiest and recommended method with metamask). currently, stash focused developing these payment solutions for various platforms. solutions for the following are being explored; wordpress woocommerce, shopify, magento, opencart and other ecommerce platforms. allowing for completely fee-less payment solution integrated onto millions ecommerce stores. bitstash marketplace (c) whitepaper version copyright bitstash marketplace (c) all rights reserved page in-store payment solutions having in-store payment options with stash will significant accomplishment for everyone, especially those holding stash there will soon additional use case. the method which vendors and consumers will transact with each other will the blockchain and every transaction captured will act record purchase when transaction being completed between the vendor and consumer. all vendors that are part the bitstash ecosystem will required submit application part the network within the bitstash marketplace. the application, will collect their eth address which will used payment for goods services purchased well sending stash that has been received for each transaction. order for vendors receive stash, they will supplied with code that can scanned and used for fast transactions utilizing stash. stash currently compatible with different wallet providers and will soon compatible with just about any cryptocurrency wallet. some our wallet providers include; trust wallet, ledger nano myetherwallet, trezor, edge, metamask, lykke wallet, enjin wallet, iame wallet, moonwallet, ellipal, balance and imtoken wallet just name few. all users will able store their stash tokens via any our compatible wallets use for making purchases from any vendor that integrated with stash. bitstash enabling in-store payment solutions, will have the opportunity greatly increase awareness bitstash marketplace making stash well recognized form value exchange for goods. our initial target launch the in-store payment solutions will within the united states and will expand other countries. bitstash marketplace (c) whitepaper version copyright bitstash marketplace (c) all rights reserved page mobile "tap pay" app solutions traditional commerce and ecommerce progress into more technically advanced era, tap pay features will have greater demand. allowing all users have frictionless experience upon checkout utilizing the stash token tap pay feature. ultimately, this will replace the need for consumers hold paper money (fiat currencies) credit and debit cards. instead, all you will need your mobile phone and internet connection. the innovation nfc (near field communication) will assist enabling current and future holders stash tokens perform faster and safer transactions using "tap pay" solutions. near field communication allows for the simple exchange data between two smart devices through the action physical touch. all that required initiator and the target for the transmission data between the devices take place. once the mobile device placed within centimeters the target, the initiator will generate radio frequency field the target. the target instantly receives the radio frequency field and all the transactional data that contained within. bitstash "tap pay" will work hand hand with our bitstash mobile application. the bitstash mobile application will need opened allow access the target. the bitstash application, users will able view their stash token balances well past and pending transaction history. utilizing the bitstash "tap pay" solution vendor, they will have the ability view analytical data terms insights and additional details through the vendor dashboard. the dashboard can accessed logging with the username and password that was set during the vendor application process. upon completion the transaction, the consumer will receive push notification real time notifying them their purchase. along with inclusive record the purchased items for future reference returns. bitstash marketplace (c) whitepaper version copyright bitstash marketplace (c) all rights reserved page stash token the stash token was created may th, since the inception stash, lot has evolved terms what exactly the purpose use for stash would be. this day, the primary use stash for conducting transactions within the bitstash marketplace and the blockchain. these transactions can used for products, goods, services, anything that someone willing purchase. the total supply stash limited finite number only ,,, stash, additionally there will more tokens created. stash design, decentralized currency where there one central point control manipulation which allows for fair, free and open currency for anyone anywhere the world use apart of. stash not statement, however additional option our digital lives. new normal where users can effortlessly send receive cryptocurrency daily basis for anything that can imagined. bitstash enabling the developing world, the opportunity use alternative currencies well the already developed world have the same opportunities and benefits being able transact with cryptocurrency alternative fiat currencies. within the next few years the development stash continues, several solutions will created and presented the public bridging the gap between digital currency, physical products and services. doing so, bitstash marketplace and the stash token will establishing more trustworthy ecosystem for vendors and consumers. merchants across the globe will benefit from having simplistic and easy use mechanism for receiving border-less payments cryptocurrency and more specifically, stash. bitstash marketplace (c) whitepaper version copyright bitstash marketplace (c) all rights reserved page stash token economy bitstash (stash) creating economy fueled and driven the community. like many other token economies, stash can used method systematic reinforcement, for example bad actors are punished where positive activity rewarded. decentralized eco-system economy, there needs active community interacting with each other various mediums that the stash token integrated with. order get new users members part stash, are developing incentive program where new users can earn small portion stash just for joining via airdrops, completing tasks taking part bounty programs. additionally, stash also creating alternative methods which users can rewarded for being active and using the platform. the primary focus for bitstash (stash) integrate the stash cryptocurrency into the daily lives users worldwide. this includes commerce, trade, bills, employment, insurance and various other areas that can all start incorporating the use stash within their pre-existing platforms. bitstash all about automation, the products and solutions being developed will automated and will not require any human intervention for verification. envision future where just have evolved the past from using clay coins paper money, have created revolutionary cryptocurrency that anyone around the world can trust and ensure its inherent value. the same time being insusceptible theft. that virtual, light, untraceable, fast, easily exchangeable into any currency and that can used purchase both tangible and digital products. this the future and bitstash (stash) doing everything can make this reality for billions people all around the world. bitstash marketplace (c) whitepaper version copyright bitstash marketplace (c) all rights reserved page token allocation the supply stash fixed ,,, stash. the following diagrams and graphs indicate the percentage and amount that has been allocated the respective categories. additionally tokens currently not circulating supply are locked until november token utility the stash token used for daily transactions between vendors and consumers. currently the stash token used mainly via our online flagship marketplace, the bitstash marketplace. within the upcoming years, the bitstash team will providing additional solutions further enable business owners, service providers, wholesalers, retailers and more accept stash. any developer can easily install plugins created bitstash allowing for integration onto various types ecommerce platforms start receiving stash form payment. all transactions the bitstash marketplace will first through our secure escrow provided smart contracts. stash can also used for collecting embedded data within each transaction show reference proof purchase serve record sale. this data can used for various things such reporting expenses for items purchased, even create monthly statements. these are just few the utilities being implemented out wide array that have found already for stash. bitstash marketplace (c) whitepaper version copyright bitstash marketplace (c) all rights reserved page why stash token stash positioned the primary cryptocurrency used for transactions all over the world both online and in-store. once our solutions have been released the marketplace it's clear choice that stash will the easiest, fastest, and most secure method which transact. unlike most popular cryptocurrencies stash will providing additional products solutions the ecosystem network, aside from the already mentioned solutions above. these solutions might consist directories showing which local stores websites accepting stash. time continues and demand for such solutions becomes relevant will begin development this area ensuring that bitstash (stash) remains clear choice when comes cryptocurrencies and overall ease use. using the the stash token for transactions you are creating transaction record the blockchain between both parties. longer will you need keep track all your receipts invoices when buying things all stored for your reference the blockchain. free any fees taxes, when sending stash anyone will only cost small amount wei which required gas the ethereum blockchain send erc- tokens. this regard, stash not charging any additional fees taxes host transactions the network. blockchain technology continues grow stash also looking into creating its own chain removing all fees that are currently associated with stash. stash cashless, cardless, trustless, and permissionless way buy sell anything. bitstash marketplace (c) whitepaper version copyright bitstash marketplace (c) all rights reserved page bitstash (stash) roadmap the following section will reference the current roadmap for bitstash (stash). important keep mind that the dates being displayed are projected completion dates and are subject change. the dates have been set based our current development rate and progress. estimated development time projections december (completed) bitstash (stash) was founded. july (completed) bitstash (stash) ico crowdsale release stash token. september (completed) complete development launch the bitstash marketplace. january present (started) marketing and advertising the bitstash marketplace. january present (started) bitstash currently searching for brand and product supplier partnerships. summer (in progress) development first payment solution plugin for ecommerce stores accept stash. spring (in progress) in-store payment solutions provided code. summer (in progress) release the bitstash (stash) mobile application for android ios devices. december (in progress) tap pay solutions integrated with the bitstash (stash) mobile app for fast easy payment in-store and online. december (in progress) reach million overall sales the bitstash marketplace. december (in progress) development continues bitstash (stash) more solutions will created. bitstash marketplace (c) whitepaper version copyright bitstash marketplace (c) all rights reserved page disclaimer this project work progress and subject significant change. with that said, any changes are meant improve the project for our community. all figures are brought examples and are used for for explanation purposes only. while make every effort ensure that all information this whitepaper correct, the information herein may out date, incomplete, inconsistent, and inaccurate and way implies contractual relationship. the material not professional, financial investment advice. legal regulatory this whitepaper shall not and cannot construed invitation enter into investment. does not constitute relate any way nor should considered offering securities any jurisdiction. this whitepaper does not include contain any information indication that may considered recommendation that might used basis for any investment decision. stash tokens are utility tokens which can used only within the bitstash ecosystem and are not intended used investment. the offering stash tokens trading platform enabled order allow the use the stash token and not for speculative purposes. the offering stash tokens trading platform does not change the legal qualification the tokens, which remain simple means for the use the bitstash platform and are not security. bitstash marketplace not considered advisor any legal, tax financial matters. any information within the whitepaper provided for general information purposes bitstash marketplace (c) whitepaper version copyright bitstash marketplace (c) all rights reserved page only and bitstash does not provide any warranty the accuracy and completeness this information. bitstash not financial intermediary according international law and not required obtain any authorization for aml purposes. acquiring stash tokens shall not grant any right influence over the bitstash organization and governance the purchasers. regulatory authorities are carefully scrutinizing businesses and operations associated with cryptocurrencies around the world. that respect, regulatory measures, investigations regulatory actions may impact bitstash's business and even limit prevent from developing its operations the future. any person undertaking acquire stash tokens must aware the bitstash business model. the whitepaper terms and conditions may change need modified because new regulatory and compliance requirements ensuing from applicable laws any jurisdictions. references credit investopedia definition commerce: https://www.investopedia.com/terms/c/commerce.asp difference between traditional commerce ecommerce: https://www.tutorialspoint.com/e_commerce/e_commerce_overview.htm closer look ecommerce chart: https://www.statista.com/chart//global-ecommerce-revenue/ supply, demand and market equilibrium: https://www.khanacademy.org/economics-finance-domain/microeconomics/supply-demand-equili brium bitstash marketplace (c) whitepaper version copyright bitstash marketplace (c) all rights reserved page