bitscreener financial data and content ecosystem powered blockchain bitscreener team https://bitscreener.com friday may, abstract bitscreener finance-focused unified platform cryptocurrency and stock tracker powered blockchain. integrates data separated spaces stock and cryptocurrency into single platform, allowing traders and investors track their investments across the domains seamlessly. the same time, writers and researchers can contribute new content the system for rewards. bitscreener leverages the blockchain incentivization mechanism for user engagement and content quality. the visualization tools (charts, table, news, etc.) the data subsystem support writers create new content easily within the platform. once published, the newly generated content transparently evaluated the community for rewards. the two subsystems data and decentralized content the system are weaved together, making bitscreener unique ecosystem evolving overtime. bitscreener aims tracking cryptos, stocks and thousands other equities around the globe real-time for its community. introduction and problem statements finance considered the most important sector the functioning the world economy. distributing accurate information real-time investors, traders financial professionals plays key role making right decisions, which might affect the future organizations. the current financial content providers have several shortcomings providing quality content their communities. benefits and interests the service providers are the designers' goals, putting aside their users'. consumers may loaded with biased information based solely the providers' view interests (e.g., finance, politics, etc.) there transparent and auditable way for the consumers reflect their views about the information, which might mislead the community. summarize some the key issues the existing financial data and content systems. one-sided, biased, and low-quality information. the media delivers information primarily accommodate the perspectives the owners, editors authors, with limited approval from users without getting reviews from the viewers. according the gallup news poll trust the media, only americans said they trust the media, declining from []. the report also said that the key factor the deterioration trust was biased and fake news. example, fox news american basic cable and satellite television channel, has been the subject several controversies and allegations biased news coverage []. finance, the biased news typically disseminated "pump-and-dump" schemes for the unethical gains. the u.s. securities and exchange commission (sec) conducted wide-reaching investigation into illegal stock promotions. the promoters were alleged have published bullish articles some stocks for payment from the companies they covered between and several the articles cited the sec were published seekingalpha that allows viewers examine (i.e., vote) any posted information voting mechanism verify the quality the news. the examination process, however, still limited since the incentives are not strong enough. the viewers conduct the examination, generally for free, that leads our next shortcoming the prevailing systems. unfair share distribution. well-known that social platforms retain the revenue their shareholders without sharing with their users. popular financial forums such bitcointalk tradingview mimic the facebook and twitter business models for generating revenue. there difference benefit sharing they get most their income selling advertisement monetize their user information for instance, bitcointalk the largest cryptocurrency online forum, has more than million posts millions topics created voluntarily nearly million free members worldwide []. bitcointalk gets their income selling banner ads crypto-related startups. although several websites such seekingalpha try resolve that problem sharing small portion the income the contributors, the fairness still issue; only few highlyranked users earn the share undisclosed ratio. social media becoming the bigger part everyone's daily activities, the paradigm the traditional profit-sharing needs changed. contributors and readers should treated fairly based their content contributions which are justified communities. the system should for the people, not single centralized provider. stagnant financial information. despite significant changes, most the existing financial data systems have not matched with the readers' needs. users have very poor experience controlling over the content reflecting their views. for example, finviz and coinmarketcap only provide stock charts crypto quotations with very limited interaction between the systems and users among users. users are hardly giving feedback the information those websites. different systems such stocktwit, interactions and communications are the main focuses but detailed data missing. extremely difficult for trader make trading decision without referring other platforms for gathering information. result, users may miss their opportunities due time delay, high cost, and data inconsistency. will much better and more effective users can get all the real time data and able interact with other peers within single platform. users can quickly make right trading decision they can acquire the financial data via charts, tables, news from data vendor and control their own content looking high quality news which are upvoted their peers(i.e., approval). the process transparent where one able control the content and its quality. unifying the two above discussed components financial data and user-generated content (interactions) natural design serve its community. disconnected financial world: crypto vs. stock. the recent cryptocurrency craze has attracted many traders and investors most them are trading stock, forex other types equities. robinhood free stock trading gateway, drew more than million users after cryptocurrencies are tradable their platform (robinhood app). enabling trading cryptos, robinhood integrates the two domains stocks and cryptocurrencies https://tradingview.com https://finviz.com into single gateway that serves both stock and crypto enthusiasts. similarly, famous equity exchanges cme (chicago mercantile exchange) and cboe (chicago board options exchange) offered future trading bitcoin late meet the needs their investors. from data processing standpoint, the difference between exhibiting cryptocurrencies and other equities. each crypto stock presented its quotation, charts, news, and analysis. thus, their data should unified into single platform benefit both user groups. many other crowdsourced content systems such tradingview, stocktwits tried address the problems. however, those systems have not resolved the issues. bitscreener's financial ecosystem blockchain-based approach designed tackle these challenges. blends the fundamental financial data into the community-generated content. marries the crypto domain with the traditional equity world. improves the quality information recommendation algorithms. and, more importantly, guarantees the profit-sharing putting the benefits the bitscreener community the highest priority, where both content creators and viewers are rewarded for their contributions. the community-generated content distributed utilizing social interaction and the corresponding rewards are publicly transparent and auditable using the undeniable smart contract the ethereum network. blockchain and smart contract blockchain decentralized, distributed and open digital bookkeeper that used immutably log transactions the computer machines across its network. the blockchain bookkeeper, also called blockchain database ledger, stores the transaction records that will not altered without changing all subsequent blocks the network []. the key significance blockchain that allows the participants across the global computer network verify and audit transactions immediately and inexpensively. other words, the blockchain database maintained, controlled, and verified autonomously peer-to-peer network tamperproofing servers worldwide. the blockchain data immutable perfect for recording digital asset. the blockchain allows each unit digital value transferred only once, completely avoiding the problem double spending. this opens new computer protocol called value-exchange protocol which faster, safer and less expensive compared with traditional systems. blockchain with smart-contract capability considered blockchain version []. while the blockchain technology (blockchain version that empowers bitcoin transactions only allows record the digital-asset transactions, the blockchain allows deploy immutable code that works tamper-resistant contract between two more parties. for example, ethereum network runs network computer nodes worldwide ensure that data and small program code, called smart contracts, are executed all network participants' machines without central party. ethereum takes one steps further from the bitcoin network creating unstoppable censorship-resistant self-sustaining decentralized digital agreement written computer code computer across the globe. what bitcoin does storing distributed data, ethereum does storing distributed data plus running computer piece code. the small computer codes being run are called smart contracts, and the contracts are run participants their machines using sort operating system called "ethereum virtual machine" []. the ethereum network the second largest blockchain network terms processed transaction numbers, just after the bitcoin blockchain network. blockchain-based smart contracts are digital agreements that can partially fully executed enforced without human coordinators. the immutable code the blockchain database https://stocktwits.com figure bitscreener ecosystem fusion several technologies: has the crowdsourced financial data and content component, the voting mechanism and the incentivization using blockchain-based tokens. decrease moral hazards and optimize the use digital contracts general. ethereum implementations the smart contract could enable the coding contracts that will execute when specified conditions are met. blockchain smart contract would enabled extensible programming instructions that define and execute agreement. for instance, ethereum solidity open-source blockchain project that was built specifically realize this possibility implementing turing-complete programming language capability implement such contracts []. critical question whether can employ smart contract and blockchain-based tokens empower the financial content delivery and unify the worlds cryptocurrency and the stock market. our bitscreener ecosystem solution just for that. bitscreener solution bitscreener innovative financial ecosystem using blockchain-based incentivisation order solve the problems unfair profit sharing, biased information, fragmented financial data system and community content system, and fragmented stock and crypto domains mentioned above the financial data and content delivery. bitscreener integrates several advancements the existing content delivery and crowdsourcing systems for finance field with focus economic incentives. such fusion implied fig. the bitscreener ecosystem community-generated financial content system that utilizes blockchain-based rewards, order improve the fairness among various parties. the system will evaluate certain user's social actions, such writing well-researched article, editing post, upvoting/downvoting piece information. upon evaluation, these actions are later translated into points (bsp) depending how their actions benefit the community. the points will then converted into ethereum-based bitscreener tokens (bitx) that can table comparison among different financial data and crowdsourced content platforms platforms rewarding cryptos stocks crowdsourced multi-exchanges coinmarketcap yahoo finance seekingalpha marketwatch steemit investopedia tradingview bitscreener held ethereum wallets such myetherwallet metamask. addition, the points tokens can used unlock advanced features the platform that would usually purchased with fiat money. different from other existing systems, bitscreener, designed accommodate both crypto and stock data single platform. works similar coinmarketcap for crypto and finviz for stocks. bitscreener, from financial data processing and content delivering context, removes the boundaries between stocks and cryptocurrencies. this will allow traders their due diligence for their trading decision single platform. the success the crypto domain can translated the success the stock domain. also worthwhile note that some those functionalities have already been implemented our ios app (crypto tracker bitscreener and web (https://bitscreener.com). the information bitscreener high-quality, multi-sided, and un-biased based the wisdom the crowd. adopting the voting mechanism from wikipedia and stackoverflow, any information can scrutinized the community. because each action reflected the amount bsp the viewers, the action will have authentic. furthermore, the information posted not final will always improved any other viewers editors with higher qualifications. this design ensures the consistency the quality the information submitted. the methodology "content quality increment" the crowd popular among famous content portals including wikipedia and stackoverflow. addition, because users have their profile posted and voted, any action "pump-and-dump" much more difficult than that the prevailing social media. bitscreener unique compared other platforms. particular, vastly different from the platform steemit. bitscreener addresses the specific problem the financial world while steemit multipurpose blog. additionally, bitscreener also distinct from other platforms such coinmarketcap, yahoo finance, seekingalpha, investopedia, and tradingview has community forum with rewards based performance-driven points and blockchain-based tokens. and merges the primitive financial data system with content created users well integrated equity markets within the new crypto market all one ecosystem. table compares bitscreener with some common platforms. system architecture from the technical standpoint, bitscreener can divided into two subsystems. the first one the financial data subsystem works extracting trading data from financial exchanges (i.e., from cryptocurrencies, equity exchanges, media outlets); then processing and preparing the data. provides information for end users through visualized charts, tables, text, notifica https://itunes.apple.com/app/apple-store/id?mt= figure bitscreener ecosystem with two subsystems: financial data subsystem that includes three modules: data collector, data processing and mining module, and visualization and content subsystem. tions frontend sides (the bitscreener app web). the second part the architecture the blockchain-based community-generated content subsystem where writers professionals can create content exchange for reward. the data subsystem provides free and paid services, and users have the options purchase these services using the bitscreener token bitx. the content subsystem, the other hand enables users earn rewards form bitx via socialized activities such creating, reviewing editing information. the two subsystems work cooperatively with each other, way that improves both subsystems. the users rely the charts, news, and the informed data subsystem create knowledgeable articles, while the data subsystem processes the crowdsourced data filter the significant information. next, will describe each subsystem detail. financial data subsystem the financial data subsystem includes the data collector, the data processor, and the informing unit. the data collector extracts the trading data which normally the open price, close price, high price, low price and volume the traded equity and the quality normally defined the delivery frequency, latency, format, reliability. for cryptocurrencies, the data collector can get data directly via open apis the cryptocurrency exchanges such binance, bittrex, poloniex. for stock exchanges, the data can bought via the financial data vendors such bloomberg, interactive data corporation, morningstar []. those vendors commercialize the data almost all equities around the world from those listed new york stock exchange (nyse), shanghai stock exchange (sse), ones listed vietnam stock exchanges (hose). addition, the finance-focused news discussions the variety media outlets and social networks such google news, twitter, and reddit will harvested the data collector. for example, our current bitscreener data collector extracts the number twitter followers each cryptocurrency twitter page. this number meaningful the sense that indicates the number potential adopters. charting visualization literally the most important aspect inform traders and investors the price movements financial instrument. bitscreener's current charting tool, avail figure screenshots current bitscreener app and web. the app and web have served over million traders and investors worldwide near daily active users (dau). able both the app and web version, empowers people access and analyze the data both cryptos and stocks the same manner. summarizes large volumes information into graphs, tables, and maps that can easily comprehended and referenced. this helps traders when making quick decisions and enables them utilize and draw various technical indicators technical overlays such sma, bollinger bands, rsi, etc. bitscreener uses the latest visualization tools that users can perform their technical analysis right the website efficiently. bitscreener also financial news compiler and discussion aggregator. alert notification features any financial application play decisive role informing the trader the movement the financial instrument. traders typically want the first get updates any events associated with their investment vehicle, that they prepared with their investments ahead others. for this reason, notification prioritized feature our platform. the current bitscreener app allows users get price alerts, volume alerts, and market cap alerts, right their mobile devices. make this possible, the backend server with the data collector carefully configured that the alert can triggered the specified price volume movement cryptos directly from exchanges. for example, users can set price alert for ltc/eur the exchange gdax and confident they will notified real-time from the exchange. similarly, users are also able set volume change alert for coin with information from nearly crypto exchanges. once our full product completed, users will also able set notification for almost all cryptos and equities across major markets worldwide. very accomplishable because the format data and charts for stocks and cryptos are almost the same. the informing unit bitscreener includes the screening tool, which outstanding feature the bitscreener app and web. this tool offers hundreds filtering criteria that helps traders efficiently scan cryptos stocks their interests rather than surfing through the massive number the investment instruments. the ability "screen" filter through the thousands cryptocurrencies based specified criteria powerful feature that unique only bitscreener. the adjustable parameters include price, volume (hr.), market capitalization, exchange, performance, order, type, and age. the newest version bitscreener just added several important filtering criteria such algorithms, average volume, circulating supply and maximum supply. being able quickly sort and find the coins that exactly meet figure layer-based community-generated content subsystem the specified criteria critical advantage for both traders and investors. the platform now also includes some pre-set screeners that enables users conveniently browse some cryptos such gainers, losers, newly-added cryptos. there are also miscellaneous information features such market heatmap, latest financial news, but the details those features are out the the scope this white paper. what have implemented: our existing bitscreener app and web have completed the most important functionalities the data subsystems for the cryptocurrency domain. the data from famous exchanges include binance, bittrex, poloniex, gdax are fed real-time our system. the data are processed and displayed crypto users via the chart, tables, news compilers and notifications. fig. displays screenshot our available bitscreener app and web. currently, the app and web have served over million traders and investors worldwide near daily active users (dau). blockchain-based content subsystem while the financial data subsystem provides price, chart visualization, notification users, the content subsystem interface for bitscreener members communicate and exchange knowledge with each other. more innovative than other social networks, the content subsystem powered blockchain networks. fig. expresses the overview the subsystem that composes blockchain part, the content part, and the end user part. this subsystem can translated into layered architecture illustrated fig. with three main layers: user interfaces, bitscreener data manager, and blockchain-based network. user interfaces: this layer includes interfaces (e.g., web, apps, etc.) via which individuals can interact with bitscreener such reading, voting creating new content. build closed ecosystem where user can utilize several functionalities bitscreener such analyzing tools, graphical tools, etc. create and post the content. the process creating high-quality content just simple posting status facebook. community data manager: this the heart and soul the subsystem. includes several novel algorithms and implementations such content verifier, bsp, content distributor, and bitx, etc. content verifier: this module plays system's guard verify the originality the created content. links with the internal content database bitscreener well external databases the internet (e.g., google search, bing, etc.) verify the source the newly generated content. for example, user copies the content from somewhere the internet and posts bitscreener, our content verifier should able detect and mark invalid for point and token rewards. identify the original source, all bsp and bitx will awarded the original creator. also emphasize that content verifier only the first guarding shield verifying the quality published content. the second shield the reviewers. indicate our use case below, set good credentials reviewers selected for reviewing the content well. thus, are very confident that the published content bitscreener platform good quality that benefits the community. finally, the readers will vote the published content assess its content over its lifetime. bitscreener point (bsp): once the newly created content verified and accepted reviewers, fed our bsp unit for calculating the points which later will converted bitx. the other hand, the rejected article also awarded some points, which less compared with the accepted article, appreciate the effort the writer. also emphasize that the published content will paid additional points (or bitx) based the number upvotes readers over its lifetime. our system calculates the points based the consensus feedback (i.e., upvotes) users who consume the content. all the information the process stored the blockchain which publicly available the community. bitscreener token (bitx): once the user accumulates enough points, the system will convert the points bitx. bitx can used payment method buy advanced features the ecosystem. this mechanism implemented smart contract which automatically executed when the certain conditions are satisfied. the conditions are sufficient amounts points and sufficient matured times. participants need store their points for period time before being able convert the tokens. our idea encourage the community make more their contribution the long-term growth the ecosystem. content distribution: critical component the bitscreener platform the content distribution component. this component automatically feeds the newly accepted content target consumers based their interests. this component consists machine learning algorithms which learn users history content usage and subscriptions for matching with the newly created content. this approach plays important role promoting the content over its lifetime feeding targeted readers. result, writers who contribute good content will awarded over the lifetime the content long the community consumes and values the content. blockchain network: the lowest layer the content subsystem blockchain network (e.g., ethereum) that executes the smart contracts transferring the bitx from the bitx pool the contributors between users. those smart contracts are public for the sake the transparency. said earlier, the ethereum blockchain network decentralized network consisting large number machines which are miners. once the transactions performed the ethereum network, they are immutable. important highlight that each user bitscreener does not involve the mining process ethereum blockchain network. the "mining" process bitx are different and will explained more details the next sections. figure accumulative percentage bitx "mined" content contributors from the reserved pool (,, bitx) after each year. bitscreener token economy the breakthrough bitscreener the blockchain-based incentivization via token bitx. bitx vehicle for transferring value between content contributors and content consumers. the financial writers researchers who deliver the value will awarded bitx and the readers traders who consume value, some degree, may need spend the tokens. these economic incentives help the ecosystem sustain and grow. using the blockchain tokens, this mechanism incentives far more advantageous than that based other means payment such fiat money traditional gift card. bitx will transacted faster, cheaper, and more accurate the blockchain, regardless the amount and the geographical locations. the transactions bitx are transparently public all related parties. this section presents the details how, for token holders, buy premium features bitscreener using tokens and how, for contributors, earn rewarding tokens from delivering high-quality content the community. the "mining" process from the reserved token pool and the conversion between bsp and bitx will examined. "mine" bitx contributing content bitscreener's economic incentives are inspired bitcoin mining mechanism. bitcoin mining the activity which transactions are validated and appended blocks the chain, i.e., the blockchain []. the mining allows un-explored bitcoins remained released and circulated. the process competition which computers try the first solve difficult cryptographic puzzle (proof-of-work). the first one getting the answer claims the new bitcoin. the amount new bitcoin released with each mined block called the mining reward. the mining reward halved every blocks approximately every years. the mining reward began bitcoin now and this will continue and on. this diminishing block reward will result total release bitcoin that approaches million. the mining process bitcoin predicted last until []. bitscreener leverages the well-known mining process bitcoin incentivize the contrib utors the "miners". the "miners" bitscreener need share their knowledge make the content the bitscreener ecosystem improved. they may create knowledgeable research articles, edit, vote article. this is, somehow, similar the bitcoin mining which contributors share the computation resource their machines. this end, the mining process bitscreener can termed "proof-of-knowledge". the amount the contributions will mathematically computed through the evaluation other peers. the evaluation then translated bsp which will converted appropriate amount bitx. this amount will released from the reserved pool and will circulated the blockchain. the reserved tokens account for the total supply that equivalent bitx. will take some time unlock all those remaining bitx. set this period years. need find proper token distribution agenda that promotes the viability the ecosystem over time. propose schedule for the distribution followings: assume that during the first year, tokens will distributed the contributors; during the following years, the number released bitx will reduce compared the preceding year. thus the second year, the third year, the fourth year, and on, will released the contributors. the distribution rate diminishes year after year that all bitx will unlocked during the "mining" period years. the amount the first year can calculated via following equation ... solving this equation gives bitx. fig. shows the accumulative percentage tokens released after each year. after years, all bitx reserved tokens will released the contributors. apparently, the first year will deliver the largest mount and the last year will release the smallest amount. interesting question how the contributor get rewarded after this phase. bitscreener adopts the same bitcoin's policy. the revenue obtained from selling features the platforms which will used reward the contributors. spend bitx buy premium services like any other types utility tokens that popular gaming portals, bitx can used purchase advanced features bitscreener ecosystem. for example, instead using fiat money unlock the real-time price movement notification (alert) our ios app, users may use bitx subscribe those features. the ecosystem grows, more advanced features will added. financial professional, for instance, can produce high-quality research report financial instrument and sell interested traders trader may exchange with viewers finance-focused tutorial for bitx. other words, users spend bitx buy knowledge from other contributors. this end, bitscreener marketplace for knowledge finance where buyers and sellers exchange their ideas through underlined bitx. the system with blockchain-based tokens for exchanging the services, discussed the previous subsection, has more advantages over the common ones using fiat money. using the fiat money-based scheme, service provider may have use the third parties for the transactions that obviously incur more fee. for instance, allow users purchase features the mobile app, bitscreener, app publisher, needs integrate the in-app purchase module made apple and google. apple and google, who host the bitscreener mobile app, will charge every transaction. similarly, implement in-app purchase feature the bitscreener web, need implement third party point-of-sale system which the payment normally made credit card. there will amount %-% subtracted from the payment associated with those transactions. bitx tokens, instead, working the public blockchain, can completely remove that costly fee. the transaction fee blockchain normally smaller and can neglect when compared with those figure bsp and bitx conversion flow using the third party ones. those supposed fees should counted toward the reward paid the contributors rather than the intermediate agencies. bsp and bitx conversion bsp linking bridge between the contributors with decentralized consensus tokens bitx. such connection expressed fig. for each amount contributed value, bitscreener will map bsp according fixed rate. that amount can measured by, for example, the number votes the number views. for this reason, bsp similar the number upvotes that ranks users many other crowdsourced content systems such stackoverflow quora. for example, can set conversion fixed rate such meaning that one vote equal one bsp. the code execute the rate will public blockchain for transparency. besides exchanging bitx, bsp can also used buy advanced services bitscreener, similarly the tokens. for example, price alert features mobile can unlocked using appropriate amount the points. this shortcut eliminates the redundant steps converting bitx order access advanced services, which can save extra transaction fees and time. important note that the bsp, once generated, are not immediately converted bitx. the points will available for conversion bitx after the matured period and ratio which depends the supply and demand for bitx the bitscreener platforms. there are three main reasons that want hold bsp for while the system. having more points implies the seniority level users. they have more incentivization contribute good content, i.e., they are more responsible users. want users invest long-term the bitscreener ecosystem that will benefit the whole community. that helps regulate and ensure the fairness the conversion ratio between bsp and bitx. described fig. bsp and bitx create circulation and are interchangeable. bitscreener users can save retrieve their tokens from ethereum-compatible wallets. the users with bitx may use them power their bsp become more powerful users. the users can also use any the bitx bsp purchase their advanced in-app features services the bitscreener ecosystem. this closed loop makes great difference between our bitscreener ecosystem and other existing systems. will discuss some particular user cases generating bsp the next section. use case bsp bsp measurement user contributions. bsp computed, based the value generated users. this computation common problem that already solved many crowdsourced systems, from community-based content forums such wikipedia, stackoverflow commercial marketplaces such netflix amazon where users vote for movie selling product. this section, the details and use case content creation and its bsp distribution will discussed. content contribution: bitscreener operates based the interactions its community. user contributes new content and the community reads and gives feedback (e.g., comment upvote), both them will rewarded for their contributions. when user upvotes comments writer's content, initiates discussions, facilitates knowledgesharing within the community which one the main objectives the bitscreener platforms. how rewards are divided: when new post gets accepted for publication, the author will earn bsp for their one time publication (which then can converted bitx). after that, the content good and receives positive evaluation from the community (i.e., upvoted readers), additional bsp will rewarded the contributor. this process, both author (writer the content) and readers who vote for the content are rewarded. both the contributor and the consumer get paid, bitscreener will divide rewards, according appropriate ratio, between the contributors and the voters. for example, post's reward can the contributor and the reward goes voters. transaction fee: bitscreener ecosystem feeless system which motivates its community continuously contribute the content the system. despite feeless, only good quality content which upvoted community can earn rewards over its lifetime. other words, users eventually see only good content which benefits its community. there are many ways the community can promote their content using bitscreener platform. particularly, our platform designed with built-in tools support creating high quality content within the system. following are few typical ways users can contribute the system and earn bitx return. creating new content: use case described fig. this use case, writer researcher can create new content using the bitscreener built-in editor. the editor consists bitscrener tools such charts, data analyzing functionalities, etc. external sources (e.g., news, social network feeds, etc.) can also searched and linked directly the editor support the writer. upon completion, the article can posted directly the bitscreener platform for review. the system will run content verifier detect any plagiarism before releasing reviewers. the system will select early bidders who have good credentials the related topic. consensus voting will used determine the article will published not. the article rejected, notification will sent the writer along with submission payment for the effort. the other hand, the figure flow chart creating new content bitscreener ecosystem. article accepted for publication, publication payment will awarded the writer. the same time, the system also issues bitx tokens the selected reviewers. the newly accepted content then pushed the corresponding news feeds the content distributor the platform. key difference between the bitscreener compared with some other common systems that the writer will awarded additional tokens based the upvotes readers over its lifetime. this principle encourage users contribute high-quality content that benefits its community. curating/editing/modifying content: the users can also earn rewards curating, editing, modifying the existing content. this case, only users that have more reputation, which measured the amount bsp held, can modify improve the existing content the platform. this process also applied the case content curation where curator assembles information relevant particular topic area interest. the reward earned newly generated content will equally divided both the editor/curator and the original author. the implemented model bitscreener platform adoption the well-known model stackoverflow and wikipedia. the modification, once accepted another higher reputation viewers, will result reward bsp the one who did it. this key for bitscreener keep the content improved over time. bitscreener's market overview the beginnings stock markets date back the late century when traders london exchanged shares companies that wanted raise money for exploration and trading the new markets around the world. these trading activities took place jonathan's coffee house near the royal exchange (itself place for merchants trade) london []. the early century, brokers set more formal stock exchange that set the foundation for the modern london stock exchange. participants were required enroll the exchange and the first codified rulebook was introduced later. new york stock exchange was established when stockbrokers signed the buttonwood agreement wall street new york city []. figure crypto market cap comparison with other equity market caps. london emerged the major exchange for europe, but many companies that were able list internationally still listed new york stock exchange. since then, many other countries including germany, france, the netherlands, switzerland, south africa, hong kong, japan, australia and canada developed their own stock exchanges. through many years development, the stock markets become the biggest medium for exchanging the equity organization and essential indicator the global economy. companies can raise fund through selling their security via initial public offering. shareholders publicly listed companies can swap their shares for other assets via stock exchanges. evidently, the market capitalization reflects the size the economy. mid-, the size the world stock market was about trillion. country, the largest market was the united states (about %), followed japan (about and the united kingdom (about %). there are more than stock exchanges around the world. which have market capitalization trillion more that accounts for global market capitalization. since its launch unidentified group developers, bitcoin has become online financial vehicle for digital asset store and transmission. bitcoin has served billions transactions between hundreds million accounts. march the daily transaction volume was approximately billion market exchange rates and the total market value all bitcoin circulation was billion. addition bitcoin, there are more than other cryptos, normally called "altcoins" that add billion market cap and more than billion exchange volume. the figure, however, far less than those stock exchanges. for example, nasdaq alone has the market cap trillion with over listing companies and the trading volume nearly trillion day. fig. illustrates this comparison. the financial data industry manifests the economic growth serves provide financial market data and related services financial institutions, traders and investors. according the burton-taylor report, the market data industry including market data, analysis and news exited billion, increase global spend for financial information []. bloomberg and thomson reuters market share was and respectively. s&p global market intelligence accounts for .%, platts .%, s&p global market intelligence (.%), moody's analytics (.%) and factset (.%). the global economy expands together with the revolution information technology, more and more figure screenshots user reviews ios bitsceener app the territories: there are more than thousand reviews worldwide. amount financial data produced each day. this phenomenon leads the fast-growing industry financial data and content delivery. merging the stock market data with new cryptocurrency market data becomes critical serve diversified traders and investors regardless their languages and locations. from data and content delivery perspective, stocks are similar the cryptocurrencies. for the investors and traders, each trading decision also based technical charts, news, and analysis. consequently, those two domains can essentially built single platform. bitscreener, the first stage, built the first crypto market tracker with blockchain-based incentivization. the second stage will global equity market tracker with crowdsourced analysis that scalable list growing number both cryptos and stocks worldwide. running products and development roadmap the concept crypto market data tracker was formed the team from several countries including vietnam, singapore, the united states, and the netherlands. launched the beta version bitscreener ios app called crypto tracker bitscreener. with more advanced features that are unique such filtering and technical charting features, the app quickly attracted more than daily active users (dau) during the first month. added real-time trading crypto pairs enable live price quotations and charts directly from exchanges. for example, users can track and draw chart for ltc eur from exchange gdax. during the time writing (march the app achieved the milestone dau. totally, bitscreener app and web have served over million traders and investors. importantly, there have been more than positive reviews from users worldwide, that are publicly viewable the apple app store (fig. the app store alone has reviews with the average rate out bitscreener app constantly stays the top most downloaded financial apps many countries including united kingdom, australia, singapore, canada, and vietnam. with the objective building ecosystem that accessible any device, the team has been developing both app and web versions. since was launched july the platform has served millions traders and investors. fig. shows the screenshots the ios app and web released during february the team expecting deploy the android app bitscreener's team proposes long-term plan realize our objectives. the development roadmap and the achievements bitscreener are summarized table specifically, will complete the financial data subsystem devoted cryptocurrency well implement the first table achievements and future development roadmap timeline milestones team formation conceptualization ios app launched, daily active users (dau) web version launched, ios app dau ios app dau real-time price chart; top financial apps countries release the android version; synchronize portfolio app and web deploy the bitx payment module develop the bitx reward module integrate stock-tracking into bitscreener ecosystem launch singapore and vietnam stock market tracker deploy distributed crowdsourcing trading algorithms launch the global stock market trackers: countries version community-generated content platform with the blockchain-based point component, i.e., bsp, selected users will able contribute the value exchange for bitx rewards creating crypto-related articles, editing them translating them into different languages, etc. will deliver the full-fledged version data subsystem and content subsystem for both cryptos and equity market. expanding the services the equity market worldwide, bitscreener will financial gateway and financial blockchain-based content pioneer meet the investment needs various traders and investors. token supply and allocation the maximum supply bitx million, which fixed the ethereum smart contract. this supply has been carefully scheduled for distribution over time well allocated different parties shown fig. crowdsale: will reserve the tokens for crowdsale. this crowdsale will take place from may july there are three phases: thank-you bitscreener, private sale and public main sale. citizens the united states, singapore, and ofac countries are prohibited from the sale. future content contributors (i.e., "miners"): will reserved for the minersit will take years "mine" those tokens. the schedule releasing tokens over years was discussed section advisors and bounty programs: will assign the tokens advisors and bounty activities. reserved for future operations: will reserve for the future operations. those tokens will locked for two four years multisig wallet. reserved for team: reserve for the team's members. those tokens will locked for one four year multisig wallet. figure token distribution legal and compliance bitscreener token bitx issuance administered bitscreener, pte ltd. singapore with registration number are following the best practice relation the token sale including whitelisting and kyc/aml via reputable legal and compliance firms: collyerlaw and cynoptis solutions there are potential risks possessing and using bitx, which have been outlined the terms sale. buyers are advised read the documents carefully before making any purchase. team the bitscreener's team has been enjoying working together for nearly year. are dedicated and united make significant progresses and deliver the milestones. despite living across different continents with various backgrounds, the members are committed the innovations and ultimate goals bitscreener. david nguyen: graduated with ph.d. computer engineering from oregon state university usa. has published scientific ieee/acm conference proceedings and journals data mining and computer networking. his publications have been well recognized the research community with more than citations (based google scholar). the winner jack neubauer award from ieee tvt transactions. hai pham: graduated with computer engineering from the nanyang university technology singapore with first class honour. hai pham was the recipient singapore government's asean scholarship for the talented students. since graduation, has founded several successful startups both singapore and vietnam. le: graduated with mba from vietnam university commerce. was working the finance field during the boom time vietnam stock market when https://www.collyerlaw.com/ https://www.cynopsis-solutions.com/ the vietnam stock market index vnindex increased from more than has brought his extraordinary experience the stock market the crypto world that now reflected bitscreener products. phong le: graduated with ph.d. from universite pau des pays l'adour france. his expertise lies cryptography, cyber security, well new blockchain technology. also has extensive skills cryptographic algorithms (e.g. aes, des, mac, tls, sha, rsa, ecc, ...) and cryptanalysis/side channel analysis. has worked computer scientist with various organizations including national university singapore and institute for infocomm research singapore. anh nguyen: graduated with computer engineering from university denver, usa. now data scientist and has published several ieee/acm scientific publications data mining. enjoys working with data and its visualization, especially, realizing bitscreener products mobile devices. quang hoang: pursuing software engineering fpt university vietnam. received the award for the best student fpt university (only one award each year). quang possesses great skills backend-system programming that guarantees million real-time queries crypto price quotations and charts every day run smoothly. huy tran: pursuing software engineering fpt university vietnam. received award acm international collegiate programming contest for asia region the contest for best software programmers around the world, now working full-time solidity programmer and blockchain developer for bitscreener. anh tuan le: graduated with computer software engineering from fpt university vietnam. received award acm international collegiate programming contest for asia region now working full-time for bitscreener. responsible for developing and maintaining the ios bitscreener app the top crypto tracker apps the apple app store. hanh nguyen: pursuing degree vietnam national university vietnam. she leading the data and content team bitscreener thu nguyen: pursuing degree vietnam national university vietnam. she working data and business analyst bitscreener conclusion cryptocurrency fast-growing financial area. coupled with equity markets, cryptocurrency creates new and fascinating space and opportunities for financial data processing and content delivering businesses. bitscreener, pioneer crypto data processing, envisages consolidate the global financial data delivery and crowdsourced content and fuse the cryptocurrency market tracker and the equity market tracker. leverages incentivization blockchain-based tokens present new earning paradigm financial content creators, reviewers, and readers ways that have not existed within the current platforms. within bitscreener ecosystem, individuals earn real online rewards that are fairly associated with their contributions. more than the existing financial data platforms and forums, the content and data bitscreener ecosystem are high quality based examination and evaluation responsible users. the goal economically align large group content contributors work together build outstanding ecosystem financial data and content. part our project, please visit https://bitscreener.com. references "fox news cnn: biases impact news the appalachian online," http:// theappalachianonline.com////news-cnn-biases-impact-news/, note (accessed //). "fox news controversies wikipedia," https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fox news controversies, note (accessed //). "seekingalpha applauds the sec's actions stomp out stock promotion seekingalpha," https://seekingalpha.com/article/ -seeking-alpha-applauds-secs-actions-stomp-stock-promotion, note (accessed //). "the price free: how apple, facebook, microsoft and google sell you advertisers pcworld," https://www.pcworld.com/article//privacy/ the-price-of-free-how-apple-facebook-microsoft-and-google-sell-you-to-advertisers.html, (accessed //). "facebook scandal ignites privacy awakening," http://money.cnn.com//// technology/facebook-data-awakening/index.html, (accessed //). "bitcoin forum index," https://bitcointalk.org/, (accessed //). nakamoto, "bitcoin: peer-to-peer electronic cash system," "blockchain the purpose blockchain polys blog medium," https://medium. com/polys-blog/blockchain---the-purpose-of-blockchain-eeacdd, (accessed //). buterin al., "ethereum white paper," https://github.com/ethereum/wiki/wiki/white-paper, github repository "financial data vendor wikipedia," https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/financial data vendor, (accessed //). "bitcoin mining definition investopedia," https://www.investopedia.com/terms/b/ bitcoin-mining.asp, note (accessed //). "what will happen when all bitcoins are mined?" https://bitcoins.com/ what-will-happen-when-all-bitcoins-are-mined/, (accessed //). "history the stock market from the beginning present time," https://bebusinessed. com/history/history-of-the-stock-market/, (accessed //). "buttonwood agreement wikipedia," agreement, (accessed //). https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/buttonwood