hares lockchain bitshares blockchain foundation officially approved spokesperson the bitshares blockchain www.bitshares.foundation info@bitshares.foundation abstract--the bitshares blockchain industrial-grade blockchain decentralized platform built for high-performance financial smart contracts. represents the first decentralized au- the blockchain serves journal (e.g. ledger) user-signed tonomous community that lets its core token holder decide instructions that become binding agreement soon they are included into block. after inclusion into block, the its future direction and products. agreements are stored indefinitely means hash-linkedlist (the blockchain). from this ordered sequence transactions, current state (think: account balances) can determined introduction processing all transactions consecutively starting the very first block. will see later, the software will ensure that the bitshares blockchain, exists today, was launched instructions that are stored the blockchain have been successth october with its community being established already fully authenticated and validated. for validating and processing implements industrial-grade decentralized platform operations, common set rules define the consequences built for high-performance smart contracts with focus the particular actions, which are part the the blockchain financial technologies sector. protocol (see section .). furthermore, bitshares represents the first decentralized autonomous cooperation that lets holders its core native token networking bts decide its future direction and governance aspects. for sake clarity and avoid confusion with other smart contracta blockchain merely defines means storage and can ing platforms, the bitshares blockchain implements its contracts used non-distributed, single-participant fashion well form operations even though the bitshares blockchain distributed internet-based mesh network often referred comes with over already implemented operations which depeer--peer (pp) network. the latter case, multiple parties are serve presented, this document focuses the description connected with each other way that incoming transactions the bitshares blockchain platform, its architecture well are forwarded every other connected participant. transaction its governance system using the core native token bts. ultimately reaches called block producer. block producer verifies incoming transactions against hard-coded protocol and bundles them into single block that added the existing architecture blockchain. this point, transaction considered confirmed the bitshares blockchain constitutes the following components and executed. the effects executed operation the current state are defined the blockchain protocol (see section .). which are described individually. transactions when users want interact with any blockchain, they construct called transactions and transmit the network (see section .). these present messages that contain instructions about what particular operation(s) user wants use. common operation the simple transfer operation that comes with transferspecific instructions that provides the necessary information for this action, such the sender, receiver, the amount transfer well optional encrypted memo. allow multiple operations take place subsequently, multiple operations can bundled into single transaction. identify against the system, transactions are cryptographically signed the users. these signatures authenticate user and provide authorization for the operations the transaction. release: consensus consensus the process which community comes universally recognized, unambiguous agreement piece information. the context blockchains, consensus means agreement about the validity rules for transactions (i.e. the blockchain protocol see section .), and the order which they have been observed the blockchain. this ultimately results agreement about the current state that build deterministically from those validity rules and the sequence transactions. the most commonly known consensus scheme proof-ofwork (pow). most dominant disadvantage the heavy power consumption and the scalability terms transactions per second and confirmation times. the bitshares blockchain makes use algorithm called delegated proof stake (dpos) that was developed specifically replace the wasteful 'mining' process, increase throughput and reduce reaction times the rotocol blockchain. tremendous improvement when comes consumption electricity. dpos allows generate new block fixed rate (block production/confirmation time) with minimal computational requirements. this means that the blockchain can process more transactions significantly less time and almost cost when compared pow-based blockchains block production performed set called witnesses (block producers) that take turns. after every turn, the order block producers randomized deterministic manner such that all parties agree the new order. extensibility the software behind the bitshares blockchain extensively modularized and implements its operations independently each other. this allows for adding new features once the corresponding code, which the implements validation, evaluation and application methods, reaches maturity. sense, operations the bitshares blockchain are smart-contracts and allows for extending the range functions the system. contrast other smart-contracting platforms, however, the bitshares blockchain requires new features vetted the core developers and approved the bts holders before they can installed means network-wide protocol upgrade. consequence protocol the platform considered much more solid new features the most essential part blockchain technologies here re- require through multiple stages quality assurance. these ferred blockchain protocol. defines the behavior the protocol upgrades are well coordinated and already happened entire system including consequences and side-effects when pro- times (q/) the past. cessing transactions. users utilize particular features crafting transaction that contains particular letter-of-interest (also performance and scalability referred operation). since the blockchain, storage, only stores incremental the bitshares blockchain publicly demonstrated sustaining over changes (e.g. transfers), the final balance each account to- (three thousand) transactions per second and over gether with other information needs tracked separately operations per second distributed test network. this technology can easily scale over (hundred thousand) the current state. important note that the protocol deterministic the more transactions per second with relatively straightforward sense that the very same state generated when applying the improvements server capacity and communication protocols. has same sequence operations (as provided the blockchain). achieve this industry-leading performance, bitshares borrowed lessons learned from the lmax exchange which this makes blockchain technologies tamper proof and auditable. able process million transactions per second. among these bitshares, over operations are available (as early each them hooks into the blockchain protocol least lessons are the following key points: three times: keep everything memory. validation: during validation, the raw instructions (also referred payload) are checked for consistency. e.g., case transfer, ensure that the amount transfer positive. evaluation: the evaluation step, the operation-specific instruction validated against the current state the blockchain. case transfer, here ensure that the amount transferred available the account the sender. application: this step takes action the sense that modifies the current state. the case transfer, here reduce the account balance the sender and increase the account balance the receiver according the amount tokens transferred. example: transfer operation consider simple transfer operation that sends funds from one account another. here, the protocol defines the validation rules such that negative amounts are prevented. the evaluation ensures that the sender cannot transfer more than what his account balance. when applying transfer from alice bob, alice credited the transferred amount while bob receives the amount. here, transfer refers the operation type, while the sender, receiver, and amount refers the operation-specific instructions. obviously, different operation types come with different instructions. https://steemit.com/dpos/@dantheman/dpos-consensus- algorithm-this-missing-white-paper release: keep the core business logic single thread. keep cryptographic operations (hashes and signatures) out the core business logic. divide validation into state-dependent and stateindependent checks. use object oriented data model. following these simple rules, bitshares theoretically able process (ten thousand) transactions per second without any significant effort devoted optimization. put things into perspective peak times, the ethereum and bitcoin blockchain jointly process roughly the peak capacity the bitshares blockchain (q/) prove from distributed stress testing. identity bitshares makes use human-readable account names that have registered together with public-keys the blockchain prior its usage. thus, the blockchain acts name-to-public-key resolver similar the traditional domain name service (dns). these named accounts enable users easily remember and communicate their account information instead using errorprone addresses. depending individual needs, applications making use the bitshares blockchain can create environments https://martinfowler.com/articles/lmax.html http://blocktivity.info/ ermissions which have full kyc (know your customer) support through fees called whitelisting which enables maximum control similar most other blockchains, interacting with the bitshares transparency when desired. blockchains comes with fee for using its features (i.e. operations). each operation comes with its own fee. however, any other token that registered the bitshares blockchain, next permissions the core native bts token, can used fee, the governor the bitshares blockchain designs permissions around accounts, the other token chooses support that. rather than around cryptography, making easier use. every account can controlled weighted combination other bts the utility token accounts and/or keys. this creates hierarchical structure that reflects how permissions are organized real life, and makes the core native token the bitshares blockchain, bts, serves multi-user control over funds easier for users. hence, bitshares utility token and offers governance properties its holders. does technically not have multi-signature accounts, but has governance describes the progress governing the blockchains multi-account permissions. that said, each public/private key many variable aspects way can adapt future changes pair assigned weight, and threshold defined for the more easily. authority (see definition below). order for transaction valid, enough entities must sign that the sum their weights governance meets exceeds the threshold. authorities the bitshares blockchain employs first its kind hierarchical private key system facilitate regular keys and backup keys. regular (active) keys are for day-to-day usage, while separate backup (owner) key can used recover access account case loss the regular keys. ideally the owner key meant stored offline, and only used when the account's keys need changed recover lost key. most software that supports the bitshares blockchain also facilitates the use master password that encrypts the client's keys locally. encrypted memos account the bitshares blockchain has called memo public key associated with that allows for initiating encrypted communications between two parties means shared secret obtain via the elliptic-curve diffie-hellman algorithm. this allows attach encrypted messages transfers that only sender and receiver can decrypt. referral program furthermore, the bitshares blockchain has integrated onelevel referral system. basically, everyone interacting the bitshares blockchain needs deduct transaction fee. from that fee (currently) into the working budget (for future funding development etc.) and the other into the referral program from where, the registrar (who pays the registration fee and assisted the registration process) well the referrer (who brought the user the registrar) receive reward. opt-out the referral program, account can upgraded called life-time member (ltm) which replaces registrar and referrer for the original user receive refund his fees. shared secret term known from cryptography and describes piece data, known only the parties involved specific secure communication. the secret can password, passphrase, big number any data long randomly chosen. release: the bitshares blockchain, decisions are made the holders bts core native token weighted the amount bts owned. order improve voting participation and simplify the life bts holders, voters can either vote directly delegate voting power called proxies. this similar representative democracy, where selected persons decide the course action. those leaders have account for their actions and can unelected the core token holders. unwanted actions includes censoring, favoring, simply failure produce blocks timely manner. however, the difference democracy that voters the community have their vote weighted the amount bts that they own their account. any time, voters have decide the following aspects the bitshares blockchain. members for block production (witnesses) block production bitshares arranged through dpos which requires block producers run for witness and campaign for sufficient votes from bts holders before they can produce blocks the blockchain and consequently get rewarded per produced block. given the governance system and quick re-tallying votes, misbehaving block producer can dismissed within hours. next the actual selection block producers, the voters also have say over how many block producers should exist. members for blockchain governance (committee) the committee comprises board that has control over few blockchain parameters such block size, block time, witness reward, and over others. additionally, the committee can change the fee schedule which defines the minimum fee for each operation offered the system. voters can cast vote for how many members the committee should constitute well vote for particular set members. project funding (workers) last but not least, the voters have control over who receives funding from the working budget the blockchain. worker applies for project funding and needs campaign for sufficient votes before being rewarded. similar block producers and committee members, the rigorous nitial llocation voting system allows almost immediate removal bts holders block production (witnesses) block production comes and proxies. cost for running and maintaining equipment. the bitshares blockchain acknowledges this fact rewarding block producers core bts tokens per produced block. depending the initial allocation valuation bts, the committee can modify the amount bts rewarded per block. q/, each block rewarded with the way that bitshares, exists today, came into existence bts. those bts are taken from the working budget. well documented the archives bitsharestalk.org. the bitshares blockchain was created october project funding (workers) certain amount the daily the community and block producers bitshares who available tokens can allocated make development possible decided start new token with distribution identical where means workers. anyone can set worker the had evolved. was based code developed with private bitshares blockchain and ask for daily allowance bts. the resources and given the world for anyone use under the mit bts holders approve particular worker, the bts are transferred license. the previous bitshares blockchain was abandoned from the daily budget. soft-limit defines the maximum amount the community who had the option continue that chain but the daily budget that given all approved workers. consedeclined so. quently, those workers that have received more votes from bts the genesis block the bitshares blockchain total holders will receive their funds first. this means that workers, ,,,. bts have been distributed individual even approved, may not funded the aforementioned keys accordingly. these bts can still claimed proving threshold hit. furthermore, workers constantly stand under the ownership the corresponding private key. scrutiny the bts holders who can disapprove (i.e. retract their the bts token comes with limited supply that dif- vote, 'fire') workers that not deliver. ferent from circulating (liquid) supply. max supply ,,,. bts has been put place the transaction fees fee schedule blockchain. this can never change. the difference initial roughly was set aside for future project funding and reward- additional block production and project funding which can ing block producers, and only accessible with approval the drain tokens from the working budget, there are transaction fees bts holders through the worker system. this called working paid users the bitshares blockchain that back into the budget also often referred reserves. worth noting working budget. consequence, the total amount bts that revenues made from transactions fees are not shared with the working budget well the total in- and out-flow highly holders bts but instead back into the working budget varies over time. however, compared most proof-of-workfurther allow future development. there reward for holding based blockchains that constantly reward (more less) fixed the core bts token any way. amount tokens miners, the bitshares blockchain has chance have the working budget grow and consequently the circulating supply shrink. this the case the total transactions supply fees outweigh the tokens used for block production and project funding. this section, would like discuss the actual supply while, the bts holders have choices either increase dethe core bts token more detail. firstly, define the max crease the funds used for block production and project fundsupply that supply that can most circulation, similar ing, the committee has the choice adapt the transaction fees how there will only ever million btc the bitcoin means updating the fee schedule. contrast other blockchain. furthermore, the circulating supply represents that blockchains, the bitshares blockchain comes with fixed fees amount that currently circulation and held participants instead fee market the schedule defines which feature the blockchain. obviously, the circulating supply will always the blockchain requires which amount transaction fee for smaller than equal the max supply. furthermore, for voting, using it. only the circulating supply applies. legality the bts token working budget worth noting that the bitshares blockchain not traditional registered entity and has seat. the core token bts the difference between max supply and circulating supply does not imply any ownership rights. the core token merely called the working budget and has often the past been referred serves utility for governance, arranging transaction fees the reserves. the bitshares blockchain has daily budget and operating other features that are solely implemented the use for development. this budget has hard-coded upper limit bitshares blockchain. total funds the working budget/. from this daily budget, block production well for project funding are made. course, the bts holders have the choice and need approve bts tokens leaving the working budget. release: https://arxiv.org/abs/.