powered bittrex platform token sale (bqqq) bitsdaq powered bittrex building the asiaglobal exchange whitepaper https://bitsdaq.com/ powered byby bittrex powered bittrex content exchange partner bittrex singapore, macau and canada our mission and vision our mission our vision existing market pain points fragmented market with limited quality choices security breaches low liquidity poor user experience limited international coverage lack token sale support for outstanding blockchain startups our advantages seamless integration with bittrex cyber and crypto security world-class customer support comprehensive aml and kyc policies and procedures cross-platform coverage web-based trading client native android client native ios client (pending app store review) mobile html client (including wechat client) native (windows) client rest api multilingual operational support revenue model whitepaper https://bitsdaq.com/ powered byby bittrex powered bittrex content bitsdaq tokenomics bqqq adoption ... value-added services bqqq trading pairs ieo platform services token sales valuation and schedule ieo ieo schedule bqqq token sales and release schedule use proceeds use token reserve medium term plan first half: launch bitsdaq second half: bitsdaq ieo platform launch first half: globalization team ricky co-founder and ceo adam cole jacobs co-founder and cso eric dao co-founder and cto haley chow head business operations sprina wang marketing director henry general legal counsel whitepaper https://bitsdaq.com/ powered byby bittrex powered bittrex content risks amendment termination the token sale token risk project risk digital coin risk regulatory risk limited availability sufficient information immediate use token sale proceeds and refund policy cryptographic protection measure abandonment developmental failure theft token sale proceeds flaws the source code unauthorized, decentralized and autonomous ledger compromised security distributed denial service" attacks inadequacy processing power unauthorized claim bqqq loss private key forking popularity market liquidity price volatility bitsdaq's exposure cryptographic tokens conflict interests whitepaper https://bitsdaq.com/ powered byby bittrex powered bittrex content potential concentrated ownership bqqq potential competitors third party developers and suppliers potential misuse bitsdaq technologies and brand privacy and data retention issues general risks relating the use the internet other electronic medium tax matters relating bitsdaq's operations tax matters relating participation the token sale incomplete information regarding bitsdaq further token sales and development and sale additional tokens disclaimer notice residents the united states notice residents canada notice residents china notice residents the united kingdom notice residents other countries whitepaper https://bitsdaq.com/ powered byby bittrex powered bittrex exchange partner bittrex singapore, macau, canada powered bittrex whitepaper https://bitsdaq.com/ powered bittrex are proud announce the launch bitsdaq and the bitsdaq token (token symbol "bqqq"). supported world-class trading system powered bittrex, one the largest crypto exchanges the world (by -day trading volume) bitsdaq aims facilitate the trading crypto assets professional traders, crypto investors and blockchain start-ups providing exceptional user experience utilizing its cutting-edge technology and the professional experience its team world-class veterans from the financial technology (fintech) and marketing sectors. cryptocurrency one the most rapidly growing asset classes the world. feb the total number crypto assets issued have exceeded the total market cap all major crypto assets has reached high hundreds billions dollars dec currently, the total market cap all major crypto assets has remained steadily above billion despite the recent market correction. with the best technology, marketing and operational support from bittrex, users bitsdaq are able gain instant access massive trading liquidity various crypto assets and benefit from the seamless order executions very competitive prices. founded group crypto enthusiasts from the financial technology, marketing and legal sectors, bitsdaq headquartered hong kong, major global financial center asia. www.coinmarketcap.com dec www.coinmarketcap.com feb www.coinmarketcap.com dec powered bittrex about bittrex established tier- different crypto currencies and tokens traded against btc, eth, usd usdt most reputable and strictly regulated crypto exchange the world -day trading volume reaches zero us$ billion security breach issues since launching :source: coinmarketcap.com and bittrex platform data dec, spite the increasing number global crypto exchanges, the total demand for crypto trading still believed growing rapidly it's fueled new demand from rising interest professional investors. leveraging our deep market network and solid trading platform integration with bittrex, believe that the growing demand for global crypto assets transactions and investment initiatives will continue boost the growth users and trading volume our platform. powered byby bittrex powered bittrex our mission and vision powered bittrex whitepaper https://bitsdaq.com/ powered bittrex our mission bittrex's second partner the asia region, bitsdaq destined create pan-asia market network that can fuel the prosperous development the entire blockchain industry. following bittrex, will redefining ieo user experience with top-tier security standard and exceptional efficiency. with the ieo service offered us, bitsdaq determined mainstream allrounded ieo service-provider support blockchain start-ups around the world. bqqq the utility token representing the revolution new generation breakthroughs the global financial market led ieos. our vision aim the pioneer that's leading the blockchain industry the next generation with our well-rounded ieo service platform. with our ieo platform service, will unleash the potential various players the field blockchain combining our unique partnerships with edge-cutting technologies. powered byby bittrex powered bittrex existing market pain points whitepaper https://bitsdaq.com/ powered bittrex fragmented market with limited quality choices security breaches low liquidity fragmented market with limited quality choices the over-crowded crypto exchange market highly inefficient due the fragmentized bids and asks orders the market and mismatch pricing information, resulting low quality services and high trading costs suffered most end users. competitive pricing and professional technical support are usually only offered very limited population with exceptional amount assets under management. security breaches security has always been the top concern all players the crypto field since the invention the first bitcoin. yet, many exchanges today are still the victims different kinds cyber attacks. low liquidity low traffic and thin trading volume led poor liquidity most crypto-exchanges. result, most users these exchanges suffer from high trading costs which are mainly caused high commission, unreasonable withdrawal fees, slippage and wide bid-ask spread. powered bittrex poor user experience limited international coverage lack token sales support for outstanding blockchain start-ups poor user experience the crypto-market, professional traders and retail users require drastically different kinds customer support. any delay with customer service responses can potentially lead serious financial losses matter seconds. limited international coverage most exchanges only cover trading activities dedicated area geographic region. only very limited portion target users around the world and, the same time, are capable providing world-class solution users and blockchain entrepreneurs with varied trading habits and cultural differences. lack token sale support for outstanding blockchain start-ups spite the recent boom the ico market, most blockchain start-ups are still facing numerous difficulties when trying raise capital through the sale their own utility tokens. furthermore, most start-ups that have successfully completed their icos are still facing difficulties communicating with their token holders, announcing development progress, enhancing the liquidity and popularity their tokens well suffering from sky-high exchange listing fees, heavy development costs, and endless queuing for the approval listing application. powered byby bittrex powered bittrex our advantages whitepaper https://bitsdaq.com/ powered bittrex seamless integration with bittrex lack liquidity within exchange could potentially lead severe gap between the bid and ask price large spread. bitsdaq utilizes the joint-orderbook system with bittrex international, order provide the maximum liquidity and lowest price volatility when executing trade orders for its clients. orders bitsdaq users will matched against both bittrex's users well other bitsdaq users. cyber and crypto security february there were over severe security breach incidents recorded from crypto operators around the world, resulting losses crypto assets valued the billions dollars bitsdaq, utilize number top security measures avoid possible security breaches, including: two-factor authentication (fa) technology avoid loss username and password for all security-related actions. platform wallet keys are distributed after being fragmentized into smaller parts and each will stored different locations with least three layers encryption. ddos protection using cloudflare and dos protection using throttling /rate limiting. data sanitization middleware avoid sql injections. protection against xss and csrf attacks. world-class customer support bitsdaq provides top-tier support its clients around the world with live chat function powered zendesk (www.zendesk.com) different languages. aim take every single enquiry seriously, and hope provide the best user experience our clients. comprehensive aml and kyc policies and procedures adopt the strictest aml and kyc policies with reference those adopted bittrex, and utilize the most cutting-edge facial recognition technology supported jumio (www.jumio.com) when verifying the identity every single customer. https://coiniq.com/cryptocurrency-exchange-hacks/ powered bittrex cross-platform device coverage plan enhance our coverage various devices and operating platforms, including: web-based trading client native android client native ios client (pending app store review) mobile html client (including wechat client) native (windows) client rest api powered bittrex multilingual operational support support english, traditional chinese, simplified chinese and japanese, all our user interfaces. (initial release will support english and traditional chinese and simplified chinese only). more languages will added later. revenue model bitsdaq's revenue will generated from the following channels: trading commission (traditional crypto pairs) ieo platform service fees bqqq trading pairs source trading commission (traditional crypto pairs) description standard fee per trade will applicable buyers and sellers. ieo platform service fees service fees will applied all blockchain projects that are qualified and accepted execute ieo bitsdaq bqqq trading pairs bitsdaq will further generate trading fee income from our unique bqqq trading pairs subject latest updates and adjustment announced bitsdaq.com powered byby bittrex powered bittrex bitsdaq tokenomics whitepaper https://bitsdaq.com/ powered bittrex bqqq adoption the bqqq token will have the following uses, including: value-added services holders the bqqq token can enjoy multiple benefits and privileges including: exclusive access third-party marketing airdrops distributed through bitsdaq prioritized preemptive rights upcoming ieos entitlement participate special allocations upcoming icos bitsdaq access professional industry research reports reserved exclusively for vips bitsdaq invitations our offline community events. bqqq trading pairs aim increase adoption and liquidity the bqqq token opening more crypto trading pairs denominated the bqqq token. ieo platform services the medium term, intend turn bqqq into one the key denominated ieo and ico cryptocurrencies for small and medium sized blockchain start-ups funded listed bitsdaq. believe this could potentially further enhance the adoption and circulating volume the bqqq our bitsdaq ecosystem. powered byby bittrex powered bittrex token sales valuation and schedule whitepaper https://bitsdaq.com/ powered bittrex ieo initial exchange offering details are follow: ieo valuation $,, total token supply ,,, price per token ~$. (private rounds) (ieo) $,,, divided into: round sales angel round (phase ~us $,, (,, bqqq) partnership round (phase ~us $,, (,, bqqq) initial exchange offering ~us bqqq) over allotment option us$ bqqq) token for sale ,,, bqqq public float ~.% payment currency usdt ieo individual min/max subscription private round (phase phase subject schedule stated the respective subscription agreements release schedule ieo subscribers days after completion ieo; days after completion ieo; days after completion ieo ieo schedule date task march private round phase begins march private round phase ends april private round phase begins april may private round phase ends apr jun ieo begins allotment between private rounds and ieo adjustable depends actual demand actual dates will finalized based potential exchange decisions powered bittrex bqqq token sales and release schedule date bqqq token circulation end anniversary the total supply end anniversary the total supply end anniversary the total supply end anniversary the total supply use proceeds token sales proceeds use r&d and business development marketing and user acquisition working capital and reserve use token reserve token reserve use marketing, user acquisition, ecosystem and community building system upgrades, r&d, team expansion working capital and reserve legal, compliance and other professional services distributed team members any changes and adjustments will updated bitsdaq.com. powered byby bittrex powered bittrex medium term plan whitepaper https://bitsdaq.com/ powered bittrex first half second half first half first half: bitsdaq exchange launch bitsdaq has partnered with bittrex (one the top tier international exchanges) create the first-ever joint-order-book world-class exchange system. are currently facilitating vast number market participants within bittrex's international network and have been attracting professional traders and recreational users from macau, singapore, canada and soon across the globe. with enormous aggregated trading volume, will able acquire more professional traders, institutional investors and crypto entrepreneurs into our ecosystem, and establish solid foundation for our future development. second half: bitsdaq ieo platform launch being core member top tier crypto exchange network, and led bittrex international, bitsdaq aims provide efficient, secure and transparent environment facilitate the post-ico development outstanding crypto startups. bitsdaq will build world-class, well-rounded ieo exchange, and provide both upstream and downstream support well services unleash the potential great blockchain projects. through our relationship with our strategic partners within the network, will able lower the barrier token sales for crypto entrepreneurs. first half help globalization for listed projects through our international partnership network, bitsdaq will able expand globally and provide truly international and borderless trading experiences our exchange users. meanwhile, will able facilitate top tier global professional traders into our exchange. will contiinue acquire international corporate clients and develop additional tailor-made solutions tokenization and further consolidate the application blockchain technology. powered byby bittrex powered bittrex team whitepaper https://bitsdaq.com/ powered bittrex ricky co-founder and ceo ricky the chairman and founder i-house.com and i-house token (iht), one the first blockchain real estate cloud platforms the world. prior founding ihouse, ricky also co-founded iclick interactive (nasdaq: iclk), one the largest digital advertising platforms the greater china area, achieving annual gmv over rmb billion. iclick completed its ipo with initial market cap over million. adam cole jacobs co-founder and cso adam has gained tremendous experience the commercial real estate, finance and blockchain industries. senior associate cbre currently and holds several senior strategic positions some the top blockchain industry leaders, including hyperion crypto exchange, decentral, and spend.com. adam special advisor the co-founder ethereum, anthony iorio. graduated with degree finance and psychology from western university ontario. powered bittrex eric dao co-founder and cto eric holds master's degree from the university washington, and bachelor's degree from california polytechnic state university with years research and development experience microsoft seattle (usa). while microsoft, eric was the principal engineering manager, charge technical development work related microsoft windows, office, exchange, sharepoint, and office. haley chow head business operations haley has over years pe/vc investment and cross-border m&a experience. was the assistant vice president the chairman's office the china ucf group and also the senior manager cyberport macro fund. has bachelor science degree management from the london school economics. powered bittrex sprina wang marketing director sprina global token marketing expert, with solid proven track record. sprina assisted hms raise much million less than minutes. sprina also the global business head i-house, the global business vice president qfund, and global marketing vice president wecash. she has over years experience online marketing, product management and app operation. she also technical marketing expert with outstanding capabilities utilizing platforms including baidu sem, google sem, facebook ads and page operation, data analysis, and google play aso. henry general legal counsel henry the founding partner l&y law office and henry associates. henry has over years legal experience. recent years, has been focusing the blockchain and cryptocurrency industries. henry member the innotech committee (a.k.a. the technology committee), has also been appointed hon. legal advisor the hong kong federation innovation and invention; hon. legal advisor the institute financial technologists asia; and hon. legal advisor the ghm-greater bay area techfin association. powered byby bittrex powered bittrex risks whitepaper https://bitsdaq.com/ powered bittrex numerous risk factors may involved this token sale, well the future development, maintenance and running bitsdaq. some these risks are beyond our control and our liability limited set out the disclaimer section. all purchasers should comprehend, consider and carefully evaluate the risks stated below addition any other available information before committing bitsdaq. all purchasers should pay particular attention the fact that bitsdaq does not have any specific physical presence. addition, the legal and regulatory position bitsdaq may vary depending the facts and circumstances. they may, therefore, fall within the purview one more jurisdictions, least some extent; and the legal and regulatory implications may therefore unexpected. participation the token sale shall taken action after careful and prudent analysis and evaluation, and will considered that the relevant purchaser having been fully informed, advised and are willing bear all associated risks. powered bittrex amendment termination the token sale the debuting date the whitepaper, are still seeking legal advice number matters including but not limited the governance structure, operational plan and token sale process. pending such advice, some all aspects the whitepaper and other materials may need amended, announced the website. purchasers should aware the risks associated with any possible changes, which may have adverse effects the utility and legitimacy the bqqq. token risk holders bqqq will not entitled any dividends distributions the company nor are they empowered with any management rights over the platform the company. project risk with any project, the development and execution bqqq may have the risk delay even failure. although the core team has good record research development and business management experience, this not guarantee for absolute success. the team will strive implement milestones outlined the project roadmap and will release our progress and challenges transparently possible. digital coin risk the volatility digital coins may dramatic. please not buy bqqq over the amount risks you can accept. the best thing diversify your portfolio and make digital coins reasonable part your portfolio. this, however, does not constitute investment advice. with any blockchain project, please take the time understand our projects and visions. our goal for purchasers and likeminded people actively participate our open research platform per their interest. powered bittrex regulatory risk cryptographic tokens may overseen the legal and regulatory authorities number jurisdictions globally. the bqqq may receive notices, queries, warnings, requests rulings from one more authorities upon short notice, may even ordered suspend terminate any action connection with the token sale whole without prior notice. moreover, many aspects the token sale also involve untested areas law and regulation, and could subject new legislations regulations. therefore, their legal and regulatory outcome all relevant jurisdictions not possible predict. the planning, development, marketing, promotion, execution otherwise bqqq the token sale may seriously affected, hindered, postponed terminated result such new laws and/or regulations. since regulatory policies can change with without prior notice, any existing regulatory permissions for tolerance bqqq the token sale any jurisdiction may withdrawn without warning. bqqq could deemed, from time time, virtual commodity, digital asset even money, securities currency various jurisdictions and therefore could prohibited from being sold, purchased, traded, distributed held certain jurisdictions pursuant local regulations. turn, bqqq could deemed regulated restricted product. there guarantee that bqqq and can maintain any particular legal regulatory status any particular jurisdiction any time. the regulatory environment for blockchain and cryptocurrency still early stage development. will our utmost comply with the development all legal and regulatory policies, but cannot foresee how the regulations will affect our project and platform development. will strictly comply with relevant laws and regulations, including, but not limited to, real estate, finance, securities and other related laws and regulations. the presence occurrence relevant registration, approval, filing and other procedures, will strictly follow the guidance perform the relevant procedures. the same time, will strictly comply with the current laws and regulations relating promoters' restrictions and foreign exchange control. any area where carry out the relevant blockchain business, will comply with local laws and regulations, including, but not limited to, registration, approval, filing and other related procedures. addition, there may other regulatory requirements relation the services available the bitsdaq, such licensing. cannot guarantee such licenses would granted but will use our best effort obtain any necessary license order comply with any regulatory requirements. powered bittrex limited availability sufficient information the bqqq still early development phase the date this whitepaper. its governance structure, fees, purpose, consensus mechanism, algorithm, code, infrastructure design and other technical specifications and parameters may updated and changed frequently without notice. while the whitepaper contains the key information currently available relation bqqq, subject adjustments and updates from time time, announced the website. purchasers will not have full access all the information relevant bqqq. nevertheless, given the nature the bqqq and bitsdaq, anticipated that significant milestones and progress reports will announced the website, together with purchase options applicable. immediate use token sale proceeds and refund policy will operate with limited funding our initial stage and will therefore rely heavily the token sale proceeds raised the token sale order operate and develop the bqqq. participating the token sale, you acknowledge that shall entitled utilize the proceeds raised immediately and, the event that the development the bqqq terminated for whatever reason, you will not entitled refund the part the proceeds that were spent already. cryptographic protection measures cryptography evolving and there guarantee absolute security. advancement cryptography technologies and techniques, including but not limited code cracking, the development artificial intelligence and/or quantum computers, could identified risks all cryptography-based and/or blockchain based systems including bqqq and bitsdaq. when such technologies and/or techniques are applied bqqq and bitsdaq, adverse outcomes such theft, loss, disappearance, destruction, devaluation compromising bqqq may result. the security bqqq and bitsdaq cannot guaranteed the future cryptography security innovations unpredictable. abandonment developmental failure due the technical complexity the bqqq, difficulties may rise from time time, which may unforeseeable and/or unresolvable. such, the development bqqq could fail, terminate delayed any time for any reason (including but not limited lack funds). development failure termination may render bqqq not transferable, reduced utility whatsoever, and/or obsolete. powered bittrex theft token sale proceeds there may attempts steal the token sale proceeds. such theft attempted theft may impact our ability fund the development maintenance bqqq and bitsdaq. while will endeavor adopt the best industrial practices keep the token sale proceeds safe (including but not limited the use cold storage and multi-signature authentications), successful cyber thefts may still occur. flaws the source code while adopt quality assurance procedures best ensure the source codes accurately possible reflect their intended operation, the flawlessness the source codes cannot guaranteed. they may contain bugs, defects, inconsistencies, flaws errors, which may cause disability certain functionality, create vulnerabilities cause instability. such flaws may compromise the predictability, usability, stability, and/or security the bqqq and bitsdaq. open source codes rely transparency promote communitysourced identification and solution problems within the code. unauthorized, decentralized and autonomous ledger the bqqq being developed serve various distributed ledger systems including but not limited ethereum, which are unauthorized protocols that could accessed and used anyone. addition the use decentralized ledgers, intend make use supporting technologies that also operate decentralized ledgers. the utility and integrity the bqqq relies the stability, security and popularity these decentralized ledgers. bqqq envisaged open, decentralized community and its composition can include users, supporters, developers, bqqq holders and other participants worldwide who may may not connected with any manner. given the diversity the underlying technologies, the bqqq intended decentralized and autonomous nature far its maintenance, governance and evolution are concerned. compromised security the bitsdaq built upon open source software and unauthorized decentralized distributed ledgers including but not limited ethereum. accordingly, anyone may intentionally unintentionally compromise the core infrastructural elements bitsdaq and its underlying technologies. this may consequently result the loss any digital tokens held the bitsdaq wallet and may cause the utility bqqq fall. powered bittrex distributed denial service" attacks open source project, bitsdaq connected number public and unauthorized systems and therefore may suffer cyber-attacks, including "distributed denial service" attacks any time. these attacks may temporarily permanently impair, stagnate paralyze the network the bitsdaq system. this may result delays the recording transactions inclusion transactions the blocks the relevant blockchain. severe cases, bitsdaq may also become unusable for extensive and undefined period time. inadequacy processing power the ramp the bitsdaq may accompanied sharp increases transaction numbers and demand for processing power. the demand for processing power outgrows that forecasted, the network the bitsdaq could destabilized and/or stagnated. this may create opportunities for fraudulent activities including but not limited false unauthorized transactions (such "double-spending") arise. all these may adversely impact the usability, stability and security the bitsdaq. unauthorized claim bqqq bqqq can claimed bad intention any person who successfully gains access the holder's wallet, email applicable, the purchasers account they have registered the website. this can result deciphering cracking the holder's password private key, phishing scams and/or other hacking techniques. subsequently, these bqqq may sent anyone and such remittance not revocable reversible. recommended that all bqqq holders should take appropriate security measures safeguard their wallets (including but not limited the use two-factor authentication). each bqqq holder responsible for the security their wallet and email the website all times. loss private key the loss destruction private key will permanently and irreversibly deny the holder access their bqqq. bqqq controlled only the validation both the relevant unique public and private keys through the local online wallet. while recommended that all bqqq holders protect and securely store their private keys, each holder responsible for safeguarding the private keys applicable their own wallets. powered bittrex forking the bqqq developed the ethereum blockchain, which open source protocol. once released the open source community, anyone may develop patch upgrade for the source code ethereum without prior permission anyone else. the acceptance patches upgrades significant, but not necessarily overwhelming percentage the ethereum holders could result "fork" the ethereum blockchain. the temporary permanent existence forked blockchains could adversely impact the operation bitsdaq and the utility bqqq. such fork can undermine the sustainability the bitsdaq ecosystem, and may destroy frustrate the bitsdaq. while fork the blockchain could possibly rectified community-led efforts re-merge the two separate branches, success not guaranteed and could take undetermined amount time achieve. popularity the utility bqqq dependent the popularity the bitsdaq. bqqq may not popular, prevalent widely distributed after the token launch. bqqq may remain marginalized the long run, appealing only minimal fraction users. also, may the case that speculators could end being key drivers bqqq demand. absence active users low level utilization may negatively affect the long-term development and future the bitsdaq, and reduce obviate the utility bqqq. market liquidity after the token launch, are not responsible for the subsequent circulation and trading (if any) bqqq. bqqq not money, legal tender currency, fiat otherwise, issued any individual, entity, central bank national, supranational quasi-national organization, nor backed any type quantity assets, property credits. nor does represent any entitlement any distributions profits, dividends, any other returns payments any kind. the utility bqqq solely based the views expressed buyers and sellers. have obligation nor does anyone else redeem, repurchase acquire any bqqq from any bqqq holder. there guarantee assurance that there may market where holders may readily trade bqqq. powered bittrex price volatility the circulation bqqq not our responsibility, and will not support nor otherwise facilitate the secondary trading bqqq. result, bqqq may not circulate freely widely, and may not listed any secondary markets. many cryptographic tokens have volatile prices. even bqqq does circulate secondary markets, large fluctuations price over short timeframes may occur. such fluctuations could result from market dynamics (including but not limited speculations), regulatory changes, technical advancements, exchange availabilities and other factors that impact the equilibrium between token supply and demand. bitsdaq's exposure cryptographic tokens after the completion this token sale, expect that certain portion the proceeds may converted into and/or held other cryptocurrencies cryptographic utility tokens. for the avoidance doubt, bqqq holder has any right, title interest any such cryptographic tokens. conflict interests the initial supplier and architect the bitsdaq and bqqq, have substantial influence the set-up, governance and initial operations the bitsdaq. may undertake its activities, and exercise applicable rights, powers and remedies, even this involves actual perceived conflict duty, any person has personal interest their exercise. potential concentrated ownership bqqq immediately after the completion the token sale, number individuals, including but not limited the directors, advisors and our early backers may directly indirectly own significant proportion total available bqqq. these significant bqqq holders may, acting alone concert, not necessarily make decisions, such holding most the bqqq themselves, that are the best interests the other bqqq holders the wider bitsdaq community whole. powered bittrex potential competitors the bitsdaq's underlying infrastructural systems will utilize public decentralized ledgers which are open source nature. therefore, anyone can copy, replicate, change, enhance, reproduce, re-engineer, modify, reprogram otherwise utilize the source code and/or underlying protocol the bitsdaq. cannot guarantee the prevention competitors from entering the market with similar technology. should this happen, such competitors may consequently compete with even outperform the bitsdaq, and may render the bitsdaq obsolete. there have been and will continue number competing blockchain-based platforms that dedicate significant human, information technology and financial resources the creation and deployment various decentralized applications and/or smart contracts. third party developers and suppliers virtue its decentralized factor, bitsdaq will aggregate systems and content from third parties. these will provided third parties, including users the bqqq community, from other decentralized ledger projects open source technologies. some all these third-party applications, programs services may connect into set bitsdaq which are beyond our restriction, vetting, authorization control. neither intend nor have the capabilities act authority scrutinize any extent any applications, programs services developed on, connected otherwise associated with the bitsdaq. potential misuse bqqq technologies and brand services programs which may banned, restricted deemed immoral certain jurisdictions, such gambling, betting, sweepstakes, pornography, terrorism, hate crime and otherwise, could take advantage the unauthorized nature bqqq develop, promote, market operate. regulators number jurisdictions may accordingly take administrative judicial actions against such programs, applications, services even the relevant developers users thereof. any penal action, sanction, crackdown other regulatory effort made any government, quasi-government, authority public body (including but not limited any regulatory body any jurisdiction) may significantly deter existing potential users away from using bqqq holding bqqq. such circumstances, the prospects and viability bqqq may negatively impacted. there guarantee that the bqqq will free from all inappropriate, illegal immoral use any time. powered bittrex privacy and data retention issues part the token sale, the kyc processes and the subsequent operation the bitsdaq, may collect personal information from purchasers. the collection such information subject applicable laws and regulations. all information collected will used for purposes token sale and operations the bitsdaq, thus may transferred contractor, service providers and consultants worldwide appointed us. apart from external compromises, and our appointed entities may also suffer from internal security breach whereby their employees may misappropriate, misplace lose personal information purchasers. may required expend significant financial resources alleviate problems caused any breaches losses, settle fines and resolve inquiries from regulatory government authorities. any information breaches losses will also damage our reputation, thereby harming our long-term prospects. powered bittrex general risks relating the use the internet other electronic mediums without limiting the foregoing risks, any communication transaction via information (including any document) transmitted via the internet other electronic medium involves risks and participating the token sale utilizing the bqqq, you acknowledge that you understand and accept the following risks: and/or third parties may use such authentication technologies deem appropriate. authentication, kyc computer security technology completely secure safe. you agree bear all risks unauthorized access/use, hacking identity theft. the internet other electronic media (including without limitation electronic devices, services third-party telecom service providers such mobile phones other handheld trading devices interactive voice response systems) are inherently unreliable form communication. any information (including any document) transmitted, communication transactions made, over the internet through other electronic media (including electronic devices, services third party telecom service providers such mobile phones other handheld trading devices interactive voice response systems) may subject interruption, transmission blackout, delayed transmission due data volume, internet traffic, market volatility incorrect data transmission (including incorrect price quotation) stoppage price data feed due the public nature the internet other electronic media. result such unreliability: there may time-lags, delays, failures loss data loss confidentiality the transmission data and receipt communications; and while may believe certain data reliable, there may independent basis for verify contradict the accuracy completeness such data. this not exhaustive list all the consequences arising from such unreliability. purchasers are solely responsible for preventing anything which may harmful any equipment that they use connection with bqqq the bitsdaq (including any computer virus, malicious program harmful component) from affecting any such equipment, regardless whether originated connection with bqqq the bitsdaq powered bittrex tax matters relating bitsdaq's operations tax laws and regulations are highly complex and subject interpretation. consequently, may subject changes tax laws, treaties and regulations. our income tax expense based upon its interpretation the tax laws effect the time when the expense was incurred. change these tax laws, treaties regulations, the interpretation thereof, which beyond our control, could result materially higher tax expense, which turn may limit the financial resources available us. also, actively solicit interests for the token sale multiple jurisdictions, such solicitations may lead increased tax exposures. addition, our tax payments may subject review investigation tax authorities from time time. any tax authority successfully challenges our operational structure, lose material tax dispute, any tax challenge our tax payments successful, our tax liabilities could increase substantially and our financial resources could adversely impaired. tax matters relating participation the token sale participation the token sale may have tax reporting implications and liabilities for purchasers from certain jurisdictions. such liabilities shall borne the purchasers alone and all purchasers are advised consult their tax advisors prior participating the token sale. incomplete information regarding bitsdaq participation the token sale may have tax reporting implications and liabilities for purchasers from certain jurisdictions. such liabilities shall borne the purchasers alone and all purchasers are advised consult their tax advisors prior participating the token sale. further token sales and development and sale additional tokens may, from time time, and without prior notice consultation, sell additional bqqq outside the token sale from bqqq's reserve. further, may develop and sell additional bqqq respect the bitsdaq, otherwise raise funding for the bitsdaq through any other means deems necessary. purchasers will not necessarily receive notice the sale additional bqqq any other tokens fundraising means. participation the token sale may have tax reporting implications and liabilities for purchasers from certain jurisdictions. such liabilities shall borne the purchasers alone and all purchasers are advised consult their tax advisors prior participating the token sale. powered byby bittrex powered bittrex disclaimer whitepaper https://bitsdaq.com/ powered bittrex please read the entirety this section carefully. nothing this whitepaper constitutes investment, legal business advice and you should consult your own advisor(s) before engaging any activity connection with the purchase the bqqqs. neither bitsdaq and bqqq, any the members nor any service providers who have worked bitsdaq (hereinafter referred the company) any way whatsoever shall liable for any kind direct indirect damages losses whatsoever which you may suffer connection with accessing this whitepaper, the website http://bitsdaq.com/ (the website) any other websites materials published the company. this whitepaper intended for general informational purposes only and does not constitute prospectus, offer securities nor solicitation for investment. the information herein below may not exhaustive and does not imply any elements contractual relationship. the company does not and does not purport make, and hereby expressly disclaims, all representations, warranties undertaking (including without limitation warranties the accuracy, completeness, timeliness reliability the contents this whitepaper any other materials published the company) any person entity. the maximum extent permitted law, the company shall not liable for any indirect, special, incidental, consequential other losses any kind, tort, contract otherwise (including, without limitation, any liability arising from default negligence the part any them, any loss revenue, income profits, and loss use data) arising from the use this whitepaper any other materials published, its contents (including without limitation any errors omissions) otherwise arising connection with the same. nothing contained this whitepaper may relied upon promise, representation undertaking the future performance bqqqs. where this whitepaper includes information that has been obtained from third party sources, the company has not independently verified the accuracy completion such information. further, due change circumstances this whitepaper may become amended replaced from time time and that event there are obligations update this whitepaper provide recipients with access any information beyond what provided this whitepaper. readers should monitor our website closely for any updates. powered bittrex the information set out herein any part the fact its presentation shall not relied upon for investment decision form the basis legally binding document. the agreement for the sale and purchase the bqqqs shall governed solely separate set terms and conditions information memorandum (as the case may be) (the token sale documents) setting out the terms such purchase and/or continued holding the bqqqs, which shall made available you separately the website provided the company. the event any inconsistencies between the token sale documents and this whitepaper, the token sale documents shall prevail. regulatory authority has examined approved any the information set out this whitepaper. such action has been will taken under the laws, regulatory requirements rules any jurisdiction. the publication, distribution dissemination this whitepaper does not imply that the applicable laws, regulatory requirements rules have been complied with. references this whitepaper specific companies and platforms are for illustrative purposes only. all statements contained this whitepaper, statements made press releases any place accessible the public and oral statements that may made the company may constitute forwardlooking statements (including statements regarding intent, belief current expectations with respect market conditions, business strategy and plans, financial condition, specific provisions and risk management practices). you are cautioned not place undue reliance these forward-looking statements given that these statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause the actual future results materially different from that described such forward-looking statements, and independent third party has reviewed the reasonableness any such statements assumptions. these forward-looking statements are applicable only the date this whitepaper and the company expressly disclaims any responsibility (whether express implied) release any revisions these forward-looking statements reflect events after such date. powered bittrex accessing this whitepaper any part thereof, you represent and warrant the company that: (a) you have solely relied your own judgment any decision purchase any bqqqs; (b) your sole responsibility determine you can legally purchase the bqqqs accordance your home applicable jurisdiction shall not eligible purchase any bqqqs you are citizen, national, resident (tax otherwise), domiciliary and/or green card holder country (i) where the sale the bqqqs would construed the sale security (howsoever named) investment product and/or (ii) which access participation the bqqqs the ieo platform prohibited applicable law, decree, regulation, treaty and/or administrative act, including, without limitation and subject change, such jurisdiction; (c)there guarantee representation value liquidity for the bqqqs, and the purchase the bqqqs speculative nature and none the company its affiliates shall responsible for liable for the value the bqqqs, the transferability and/or liquidity the bqqqs and/or the availability any market for the bqqqs through third parties otherwise; and (d) the event any decision purchase the bqqqs, you are purchasing the bqqqs "as is" basis. not make, and hereby disclaim, any representation warranty with respect the bitsdaq bqqqs (such merchantability fitness for particular purposes), except those expressly specified this whitepaper. each purchaser's decision participate the bqqq crowd sale and purchase any bqqqs shall made based his/her own knowledge bqqq and the information disclosed this whitepaper. without prejudice the generality the foregoing, each purchaser will, upon the launch bitsdaq, accept bqqqs "as is" basis, irrespective the technical specifications, parameters, performance function thereof. powered bittrex hereby expressly disclaim its liability and refuse liable for the following liabilities: any person's purchase bqqqs, violation any anti-money laundering, counter-terrorism financing other regulatory requirements that are imposed any jurisdiction; any person's purchase bqqqs violation any representation, warranty, obligation, covenant other provision under this whitepaper, which results the failure paying and withdrawing bqqqs; termination the bqqq crowd sale for any reason; failure termination the bitsdaq development which results the failure deliver bqqqs; delay rescheduling the bitsdaq development and resulting failure meet any published schedules; any error, flaw, defect other issues the source code bqqqs; powered bittrex any malfunction, breakdown, collapse, rollback hard-forking the original public chain that bitsdaq replies on; failure bitsdaq meet any specific purpose, its unfitness for any specific use; utilization the proceeds raised through the bqqq crowd sale; failure promptly and completely disclose any information relating the development bitsdaq; any purchaser's divulgence, loss destruction the private key his/her wallet for cryptocurrency cryptographic (in particular the private key the bqqq wallet); any default, breach, infringement, breakdown, collapse, service suspension interruption, fraud, mishandling, misconduct, malpractice, negligence, bankruptcy, insolvency, dissolution winding-up any third-party crowdfunding platform exchange for bqqq; any difference, conflict contradiction between this whitepaper and the agreement between any purchaser and any third-party crowdfunding portal; trading speculation bqqqs any person; listing delisting bqqqs from any exchange; bqqq being classified treated any government, quasi-government, authority public body type currency, securities, commercial paper, negotiable instrument, investment instrument otherwise that results being banned, regulated subject certain legal restrictions; any damage, loss, claim, liability, punishment, cost other adverse impact that caused by, associated with, connection with, incidental relevant the risk factors disclosed this whitepaper. powered bittrex notice residents the united states the offering and selling this token have not been registered under the u.s. securities act amended (the "securities act"), under the laws certain states this token should not taken securities. this token may not offered, sold otherwise transferred, pledged hypothecated, except permitted under the act and applicable state laws pursuant effective registration statement exemption therefrom. notice residents canada unless permitted under legislation, the holder this token must not trade the token before the date that the issuer becomes reporting issuer any province territory canada. notice residents china the tokens are not being offered sold and may not offered sold, directly indirectly, within the people's republic china (for such purposes, not including the hong kong and macau special administrative regions taiwan), except permitted the laws and regulations the people's republic china. notice residents the united kingdom the united kingdom, this document being distributed only to, and directed only at,: (i) investment professionals (within the meaning article the financial services and markets act (financial promotion) order amended (the ''fpo'')); (ii) persons entities kind described article the fpo; (iii) certified sophisticated investors (within the meaning article the fpo); and (iv) other persons whom may otherwise lawfully communicated (all such persons together being referred ''relevant persons''). powered bittrex notice residents other countries all purchasers must ensure that they are permitted the laws their countries purchase bqqq. will only ensure that bqqq legal and compliant with the law the issuing country but will not ensure all other countries adopt use similar laws, especially the event that the purchaser use other methods avoid relevant laws intentionally hide from any relevant legislations. will not liable for such situation. this document has not been approved authorized person. any information which this document relates available only relevant person. this document only for relevant persons and non-relevant persons shall not take any action based this document nor should he/she/they rely it. condition you receiving and retaining this document that you warrant us, its directors, and its officers that you are relevant person. our social media and e-mail platform are places where encourage interaction, discussion, organization and participation between users the community, cases that anyone interested our product. whilst make reasonable efforts monitor and administrate participation ensure that discussions are related products that are made available the community, there may situations where are not position monitor all statements, comments and views made every user. ask that you are respectful your comments and behaviors. reserve the right remove anything deem abusive personally offensive, material that unlawful, obscene, defamatory, threatening, harassing, abusive, slanderous, hateful embarrassing any other entity person, third party advertising, chain letters "spams". please aware that anything posted may potentially read thousands (or hundreds thousands) even years from now. therefore, users should exercise cautions when posting any our social media sites. also reserve the right terminate involvement users who post such content. the views and opinions expressed any social media sites ours not necessarily represent our opinion. therefore, cannot held responsible for the accuracy reliability information posted external parties. any information posted any our social media platforms should not considered financial, legal, accounting other professional advice. for your safety, never include your phone number, email, address other personal information post. your comments are visible all. powered bittrex certain information set forth our website and other documents may contain forwardlooking information" including future oriented financial information" and financial outlook" under any applicable laws and regulations (collectively referred herein forward-looking statements). except for statements historical fact, information contained herein constitutes forward-looking statements and includes, but not limited to, the (i) projected financial performance bqqq; (ii) completion of, and the use proceeds from, offered during the token sale; (iii) the expected development the sale bqqq being business, projects and joint ventures; (iv) execution bqqq's vision and growth strategy, including with respect future m&a activity and global growth; (v) sources and availability third-party financing for our projects; (vi) completion our projects that are currently underway, development otherwise under consideration; (vii) renewal our current customer, supplier and other material agreements; and (viii) future liquidity, working capital, and capital requirements. forward-looking statements are provided allow potential purchasers the opportunity understand management's beliefs and opinions respect the future that they may use such beliefs and opinions one factor evaluating investment. these statements are not guarantee future performance and undue reliance should not placed them. such forward-looking statements necessarily involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties, which may cause actual performance and financial results future periods differ materially from any projections future performance result expressed implied such forward-looking statements. for further explanation the risk involved the bitsdaq community please consult the documents issued us. although forward-looking statements contained this presentation are based upon what our management believes are reasonable assumptions, there can assurance that forward-looking statements will prove accurate, actual results and future events could differ materially from those anticipated such statements. undertake obligation update forward-looking statements circumstances management's estimates opinions should change except required applicable securities laws. the reader cautioned not place undue reliance forward-looking statements. cryptocurrencies, cryptographic tokens and initial coin offering ico" carry high degree risk volatile and uncertain market conditions, addition other factors that relate the risks involved the development the blockchain technology, cryptographic token exchange, etc. there are significant risks associated with the use online cryptocurrency wallets and exchange systems including, but not limited to, software and hardware failure and internet disconnection and/or loss keys and/or wallet addresses. powered bittrex are not responsible for such losses failures. purchasers cryptographic tokens run great risk incurring losses and damages result purchasing any cryptocurrencies and/or cryptographic tokens. purchasers accept and declare that they are willing undertake this risk. the damages may include loss all funds/contribution and also any other expenses that the purchaser has made. before deciding buy any cryptocurrencies cryptographic tokens, purchasers should carefully consider their level experience and risk appetite. the possibility exists that purchaser could sustain loss some all their monies and therefore all purchasers should not send monies that they cannot afford lose. purchasers should aware all the risks associated with virtual commodities and seek advice from independent financial adviser case doubt. furthermore, there may risks that are not disclosed our services and products. purchasers should use extreme consideration and conscious assessing their financial situation and tolerance for risks before engaging activities involving the purchase virtual commodities. any opinions, news, research, analyses, prices, other information contained this whitepaper, our services and products are merely general product/market commentary and does not constitute financial advice from us. will not accountable for any loss damage, including without limitation to, any loss profit, which may arise directly indirectly from use reliance such information, any recommendation. the contents any report provided should not construed express implied promise, guarantee implication that purchasers will profit from the strategies herein guarantee that losses connection therewith can, will limited. the best our knowledge, the information contained herein accurate and reliable the date the service product provide; however, not assume any liability whatsoever for the accuracy and completeness the information contained therein. large amount the information obtained from third party sources which have not been specifically verified and not make any warranties that such information will remain accurate, particular the event such information being fraudulent and misrepresentative nature. cannot ensure that these sources have compiled such data and information the same basis with the same degree accuracy completeness are found other industries. the information contained herein does not constitute due diligence review and should not construed such. any information given our services and products not constitute any warranty merchantability fitness for particular use any cryptocurrencies and/or cryptographic token. the purchaser's responsibility check the relevant token's information order follow any possible change before purchasing any tokens. powered bittrex this whitepaper has not been approved authorised person. any information which this document relates available only relevant person. this whitepaper only for relevant persons and non-relevant persons shall not take any action based this document nor should he/she/they rely it. condition you receiving and retaining this document that you warrant the company, its directors, and its officers that you are relevant person. for the avoidance doubt, under circumstances would holder bqqq tokens entitled receive (i) any form interests whatsoever whole part (including but not limited equity interest, proprietary interest and ownership interest) share claim against the company and/or the bitsdaq, (ii) any voting rights the board meetings shareholders meetings the company and/or the bitsdaq, (iii) any management rights the company and/or the bitsdaq, (iv) any economic right (including any kind right payment, distribution, income, dividend, profit, other return, any sums paid, likely paid, out such return profit) generated from the bitsdaq (except those directly between participants the ecosystem) and/or the company, and (v) any interest payments from the company and/or the bitsdaq. this whitepaper may translated into language other than english and the event conflict ambiguity between the english language version and the translated versions this whitepaper, the english language version shall prevail. you acknowledge that you have read and understood the english language version this whitepaper. part this whitepaper copied, reproduced, distributed disseminated any way without the prior written consent the company. powered bittrex thank you whitepaper https://bitsdaq.com/