whitepaper january contents whitepaper the world energy market: outlook and challenges what problems does bittwatt solve? overview bittwattmission our vision our mission our goal the bittwatt platform the bittwatt business model technology stack token and protocol design the token lifecycle token sale business plan proceedings funds products and services objectives and cashflow sales forecast income founders definitions company ownership legal entity the world energy market: outlook and challenges our global energy landscape changing. traditional centers demand are being overtaken fast-growing emerging markets, all the while technological advances and environmental concerns are shifting the world's energy mix. now more than ever the energy industry must adapt order successfully fulfil our need for sustainable power. what are witnessing nowadays shift from the more traditional pillars the energy sector such coal-fired power plants and onshore oil and gas fields energy sector where hydropower and other renewable energy sources provide significantly larger shares for market consumption. with the world's net electricity production forecasted grow total trillion kwh latest macroeconomic analyses focus five main challenges that endanger the energy ecosystem: maintaining balanced and diversified energy mix; assuring further development natural gas infrastructure and supply; expanding the role biomass household heating; high-efficiency cogeneration and modernization chp production facilities; increasing energy efficiency all the while countering energy poverty. according the eia, latest projections show increased world consumption marketed energy from all fuel sources through the year renewables are currently the world's fastest-growing energy source rate .%/year with nuclear power second place with yearly increase during the same period. total power consumed worldwide currently attributed residential and commercial sector accounts combined, but these are currently forecasted grow per year until chp combined heat and power producers for centralized heating energy information administration world energy consumption energy source quadrillion btu while each market member has its own unique set requirements and products, the electricity market can structured into the following categories participants: producers suppliers electricity market operators transport and system operators (tsos) distribution system operators (dsos) electricity traders final customers. with respect the nature electricity and trading market frameworks: producers may generate more less energy than estimated and sold; customers may consume more less energy than contracted; and traders may buy more less energy than they have sold. such cases, known simply energy imbalances, are instances where energy (in effect) bought from sold the ngts. for each trading period two cash-out prices are used settle such differences. electricity balancing arrangements, and particular cash-out prices, provide incentives for producers and suppliers invest secure supplies and better balance positions order meet demand, especially when the systems are stretched their limits. they are therefore pivotal securely deliver the electricity competitive market. particular, expressed concerns that cash-out prices are not providing the correct signals for the market balance itself, thus increasing supply security risks and undermining balancing processes' efficiency, ultimately increasing costs unnecessarily. that being said, one today's major issues that service balancing mechanisms are overly complex, inaccessible certain segments producers suppliers within workable time spans, and times simply unreliable. another well-established problem that the market isn't amiable end-consumers, although worst partially and best fully privatized meaning consumers should have the option choosing whatever vendors they like. respond these strategic challenges creating and deploying completely new, simple and transparent platform, designed deliver real value for every consumer. the bittwatt platform empowers the smart-consumer find best available supply solutions, and provides the consumer with decentralized market place that functions the transparency and full disclosure information facilitated the blockchain. the amounts energy generated consumed and not covered contracts ngts national grid transmission system also known 'energy imbalance prices' what problems does bittwatt solve? things stand today, the current energy ecosystem built around the exchange what essentially unstructured information. this means that literally countless types documents are used either sell buy electricity, and increasingly large number commonplace processes (be them back front-end) are truth redundant, and lead only higher prices. despite electricity exchange being regulated nearly all the world's countries, realworld situations what see the buildup significant latencies. case point: energy exchanges between traders (or producers) and suppliers (bb) take days for validation and completion completed, and there decentralized market where these can take place. there market for smart-consumers (bc) from where they can transact unused energy supplies and choose and switch suppliers based pre-selected criteria. reporting electricity consumption from suppliers done with latency least days, that unbalances cannot possibly corrected accurately real time. energy transit mandatorily done through the prior booking and setup cross-border electric lanes; what's more, once cross-border lane booked, cannot used more than single party there currently system place facilitate multi-party transfer. this the case, despite multi-party transfer being both legal, well rational since two entities (i.e. one that concedes unused lane space and the other that takes unused lane space) can benefit the same time from proper use resources. end-consumers (of the domestic sort) must wait least days change energy suppliers; most, for purely bureaucratic reasons, this process can take days. (e.g. united kingdom days, austria days, germany weeks) it's because all these reasons that prices increase. with energy transit slowed-down even inaccessible real option (due temporal, financial, bureaucratic constraints), what all parties the ecosystem face gradual yet unpredictable increase costs. from technical perspective, this can summed simply that the ecosystem devoid smart demand-response system: terms grid pressure (which say that production cannot adapted the demand the system), and commercial implications (no decentralized market exists keep supply offers and request together order enable fast switching) this lack adjustability, increases costs dramatically for suppliers energy (imbalances costs from from normal levels), creating snowball effect that eventually hits endconsumers. this the problem are fixing. overview bittwatt mission our vision envision world smart-consumers sustainable energy system with minimal costs for all parties. our mission our mission the first international platform integrate and facilitate cooperation between all market operators for the benefit the consumer. our goal achieve these, are committed to: creating blockchain enabled energy trading market that simple, transparent and delivers more value all its users. expanding globally (london, bucharest and singapore being already under development). the bittwatt platform are now changing the way operate electricity systems building smart, flexible system that makes the most all energy sources and enables exceed our customers' needs balanced and financially efficient ecosystem that learns and evolves. for this purpose, have started developing new marketplace for electricity balancing and trading which blockchain enabled that incentivizes producers and opens competition level playground. aim deliver this completely new and highly cost-effective energy ecosystem fully the platform will accessible everyone the industry regardless size running new technologies alongside industry standard applications. this market framework designed empower users (producers, suppliers traders) applying balancing processes, and requires little intervention from bittwatt system operator (so). the bittwatt ecosystem effect matchmaking platform which connects producers, energy suppliers and smart consumers (as well prosumers) order transact energy structured way. flexible system that makes the best all available resources and able meet customer needs much more efficiently. this end, have integrated metering services that allow both new and existing supplier communicate quickly and trade energy timely fashion within secure framework. the bittwatt business model our business model starts with active power suppliers for each participating country (i.e. each country where bittwatt operational), being registered within the bittwatt platform after successfully meeting set qualification and onboarding requirements. producers, suppliers, grid operators and consumers must register the platform based kyc criteria. the match between offers and requests met through smart contracts that operate the basis individually defined rules (e.g. specifications per quantity, type, price, and on). the flow electricity then automatically coded into the blockchain and algorithms match buyers and sellers, real time, based their predetermined set preferences. finally, smart contracts execute when electricity delivered, thus triggering the payment from buyer seller. the platform, therefore balancing the energy supplied and that delivered, bills traders who delivered more less energy than specified their schedules. such deviations are determined from smart meter readings from consumers and producers. ensure generation matches demand continuously and flawlessly, the bittwatt platform will: enable the sharing real-time consumption data through the blockchain (creating smart demand-response program) make use highly reliable system that will able match demand with supply realtime, based the criteria set each party; prosumers active energy consumers, who both consume and produce electricity integrate reserve generation capacities bittwatt can call power plants (which are already generating) increase decrease their output for limited periods time through the balancing mechanism system bids and offers. this course includes pumped storage reserve hydroelectric power stations, which can generate power within seconds; integrate smart demand-response programs that consumer can take part selling their unused electricity peak price periods reduce pressure the grid (which) actually determines high prices. such, the main benefits brought bittwatt are: cost reduction comparison with other energy transfer systems; transaction speed increses; scalability (we give the possibility expansion large number participants/users/ transactions); disintermediation (making business model possible that not require intermediate parties) technology stack top ethereum, have built bittwatt services using geth. geth multipurpose command line tool that runs full ethereum node implemented go. this case, running proprietary linux server with rpc/http open ports. the communication, which involves geth, managed through python intermediary application and the ethereum network. the applications that connect the ethereum blockchain are built truffle. truffle development environment, testing framework, and asset pipeline for ethereum. use ethereum truffle for: built-in smart contract compilation, linking, deployment and binary management; configurable-build pipelines with support for custom build processes; network management for deploying many public and private networks; communication with the ethereum node done through the json rpc api. jsonrpc stateless, light-weight remote procedure call (rpc) protocol. primarily, this specification defines several data structures and the rules around their processing. the smart grid use incorporates digital technology and advanced instrumentation into the traditional electrical system, which allows utilities and customers receive information from the grid well communicate with the grid. backend application then makes the electrical system more reliable and efficient helping utilities reduce electricity losses and detecting well fixing problems faster. the application (which refer the smart grid) can help consumers intelligently manage energy usage, especially times when demand reaches significantly high levels when reduced energy demand needed support system reliability. smart devices homes, offices and production facilities can inform consumers and their energy management systems times when appliance using relatively higher-priced electricity. this helps consumers, their intelligent systems, optimally adjust settings that, when supported demand reduction incentives time-of-use electricity rates, they can lower their energy bills. smart devices transmission and distribution lines, well substations, allow utility companies more efficiently manage voltage levels and more easily find out where outages other problem are the system. smart grids can sometimes remotely correct problems the electrical distribution system digitally sending instructions equipment that can adjust the conditions the system. sharing the public parts such information common blockchain, all other operators (producers, suppliers, consumers) can adjust their behavior take immediate actions order limit possible losses. token and protocol design using ethereum the abstract foundational layer, bittwatt able implement all the features and rules its protocol directly into smart contracts, which are then deployed and processed the network. top ethereum, the services are built using geth multipurpose command line tool that runs full ethereum node implemented go. this case, running proprietary linux server with rpc/http open ports. the communication, which involves the geth, also managed through the ethereum network. will develop erc token with eighteen digits after the decimal point and the ticker symbol bwt. this will become the foundation for all operation within the ecosystem. the total token supply bwt. one) bwt token represents transferable token equivalent kwh. the bwt token used for paying for electricity the bittwatt platform, regardless geography supplier (as long the energy supplier bittwatt partner). the token lifecycle main uses the bwt token include, but are not restricted to: payment for the products and services offered bittwatt; settlement between produced and consumed energy for prosumers. producers energy also consume being part the grid are balancing their consumption based how much they pump the grid against how much they take out; foundation for the development tokens used within certain geographies. are aware that some the countries using our platform need currency for their internal trading flow. therefore, based bwt, new tokens will built. token sale the bittwatt coin sale goal the equivalent $,,.. the minimum funding goal the equivalent $,,. (soft cap). pre ico was grand success raised usd less than days. (,, bwt tokens sold) stage start end duration tokens bonus total pre-ico days ico phase days ico phase days ico phase days ico phase days any unsold tokens will burned. during the sale are accepting contributions btc, eth and coss. the minimum private sale contribution the equivalent $,.. previously stated, the bwt initial supply million tokens. these are split into six categories: tokens are sold during the ico; (%) tokens are reserved for the team; (%) tokens are reserved for advisors; (%) tokens are reserved for country advisors; (%) tokens are reserved bounty; (.%) tokens are reserved for country-level marketing; (.%) business plan proceedings funds the funds raised during the contribution period will used solely for the development and further product design and marketing bittwatt detailed the following: (approximately $,,.) funds will used for expansion and marketing purposes; (approximately $,,.) funds will used for software development; (approximately $,,.) raised funds will used for integration with already existing, traditional platforms; bittwatt has the strong potential provide solution for the energy sector ensuring the following solutions today's problems: multiple parties share data multiple participants can view shared information. multiple parties update data multiple participants can take actions that need recorded and change the data; requirement for verification participants can trust that the actions that are recorded are valid; intermediaries add cost and complexity removal central authority record keeper intermediaries will reduce cost (e.g. fees) and complexity (e.g. multiple reconciliations); interactions are time-sensitive reducing delay has business benefit (e.g. reduced settlement risk, enhanced liquidity); transaction interaction transactions created different participants depend each other; products and services electricity billing payments forecast billing: for energy suppliers particular this welcome application gives opens the possibility significantly reducing human error and administrative costs normally associated with this type transactional activity. accurate billing and access full billing history will turn increase customer confidence and retention the existing customer base. payments: debt collection for energy suppliers can complex process. our method will make things easier and faster. every consumer will need have credit card attached their account, and when the invoice generated they will debited with the invoice value, significantly reducing associated administrative costs. the billing and payment processes are already integrated the existing commercial platform bittwatt which currently services suppliers across countries and more than end consumers. forecast: designed for broad range users, the solution offers automatic, configurable and manual modes users can retrieve forecasts and modify scenarios interactively. automated forecasting means less manual input and makes large forecasting processes more manageable and user friendly. e-mobility energy roaming electric vehicles are essential part the solution meeting europe's climate sustainability goals and energy targets. being three four times more energy-efficient than conventional cars, but also enhancing air quality and noise levels reduction densely populated urban areas, electric vehicles will play growing role mobility and transportation. saw multiple european nations starting this new trend. france announced that plans ban new petrol and diesel cars and the british government followed soon after with similar announcement. this triggered avalanche announcements from car companies around their common intention produce more evs european and global markets. numbers are expected grow rapidly volkswagen group announced that they will developing new electric models well bmw with different models the same time, and honda announced that their annual sales will from electric cars the year considering evs technology surely being set for mass deployment, the industry and policymakers alike must ensure that these processes live their potential and help transform the energy system. while there have already been some positive signs from policymakers, clear framework lacking yet despite being desperately needed. offer market opportunities for players the field electric mobility and make even easier for individual drivers cross national borders while enjoying the advantages brought evs. with that, our open platform connects the back offices our ecosystem partners order turn europe into single, large charging-network. what's more, e-mobility option february our platform that enables the exchange roaming authorization, charge transaction and charge point information data. and offer market players electric mobility cross-border interoperability between networks. with all that said, reiterate that our mission foster the sustainable development e-mobility enabling reliable data exchange through single connection, and single interface. arbitrage energy exchange through this app, users can leverage energy storage through smart devices order purchase energy when cheap (or free), and either use resell when prices peak, thus enabling exchange energy that also sets the foundational layer our demand response mechanism. peer-to-peer settlements the platform provides multilateral framework for energy cooperation that unique under international law. designed promote energy security through the operation more open and competitive energy markets, while respecting the principles sustainable development and sovereignty over energy resources and most importantly, while respecting national laws each operating country. our scope revolves around improving security energy supply, and maximizing the efficiency production, conversion, transport, distribution and use energy all that enhance safety and minimize environmental concerns and risks profitable economic terms. that being said, our platform integrates: consumption information (in real-time) energy exchange metrics system balancing mechanisms energy trading contracts external energy trading contracts energy supply contracts ... into blockchain that allows for instant adaptation real-world conditions and requirements, for all platform participants the system. uniting the aforementioned into single, simple user interface the major achievement bittwatt and what brings added value well differentiation our ecosystem customers and business partners. time and time again, the world industry has shown that simplification and digitization services people require regularly the key healthy and sustainable growth and with that mind, have developed bittwatt platform that does away with bureaucracy, reduces costs, simplifies the user experience all the while offering flexibility and responsiveness that outweigh any reluctance the consumer switch our new design. objectives and cashflow sales forecast our expansion plan based opening offices new countries, based partnerships with local energy suppliers. each country partner must meet two key requirements: that they own bwt and that they have least customers. all other users must provide standard kyc documents:. foresee that will reach total number million users with turnover millions usd and profit. marketing opening forecasts: country opening the market estimated customers china russia moldova netherlands denmark norway sweden portugal spain france italy germany austria hungary ukraine turkey bulgaria income company incomes are projected from, and composed of: estimated income ($): domestic: .$/month industrial: $/month balancing income ($): foresee total traded quantity suppliers, producers and traders. minimum consumers, this will generate monthly income founders christian hagmann general manager co-founder christian hagmann has more than years experience the energy sector, performing roles varied entrepreneur, researcher, consultant and even producer for show called "energy backstage". entrepreneur worked designing dedicated solutions for power grid management systems, debuting with fault and network management solution for vienna's power operator. since then has started his own business and built many power solution from the ground-up, and starting from has expanded operations into eastern europe where provides services for smart network implementations, network automation, research, well power and gas supply. his strategy always moving forward and continuously working improving from the status quo. recent years has branched out focus include blockchain technology, and was part the advisory team for coss ico. the same time, started developing bittwatt, his most recent and most ambitious projects. daniela cristina stoicescu ceo co-founder daniela works general manager group companies which primarily offer energy supply services for domestic and business consumers, with annual turnover over $m. having background, she has lead the development and implementation several solutions for national power distribution and transportation networks, with projects such outage management system, virtual power plants and smart grids, and many others. she has since seen entry into the world blockchain natural evolution, and currently working adapting all her projects this new technology. adrian asevoaia project manager aadrian entrepreneurial manager, with over years' experience active leadership fields such financial markets, corporate lending, and portfolio risk management. brisk adopter new technologies within proven business models, and along with his demonstrated history bank branch manager and chief financial officer, adrian has ample experience the rationale, network, and business energy trading. tudor stomff ico manager blockchain advisor and community manager having been involved over icos date, name few: stox, coss, worldcore, sureremit, and pundi the largest bounty number participants. collectively, the ico's with which worked have raised over and the bounties gathered close participants. tudor also developer and currently runs bountyhive.io platform which connects bounty hunters and icos. maria cristina banu marketing specialist maria cristina business consultant with over years' experience marketing and brand management. she has worked for global corporations the fmcg and it&c industries and runs her own consultancy company where she works with interdisciplinary smes create, implement and scale winning strategies for her clients. added this, she also business coach with over hours training marketing, advertising and pr, business strategy, and coaching and supports executives and entrepreneurs finding their way success. alexandru ioana content writer alexandru marketing consultant with focus and experience the market europe and north america. has worked for several industry-leading companies pioneering artificial intelligence and machine learning and has multifaceted background fields such marketing strategy, product marketing, branding, and advertising. marius posa business developer for east europe marius has over years experience applying his technological and legal training entrepreneurial activities. his work spans the management well growth several businesses, well the development innovative solutions. his firmest belief that success comes from the blending technical and moral support, and has applied this philosophy his promoting research and application development the energy sector, whereby has constantly strived bring about tomorrow's technology today's consumer. iulian bobes research and development officer iulian senior software developer with over years' experience web and application development projects. his experience spans various fields (such life sciences, energy, financial, name few), and goes from database design and backend development all the way frontend work. always looking for new technologies, and eager apply them the projects involved in. definitions power plants feed electricity and gas into the energy grid. suppliers buy large quantities energy from the producers(power plants) and offer adapted products that meet the requirements industrial, commercial and residential consumers. consumers buy corresponding products from the suppliers. however, consumers can also supply energy, which case they act prosumers who not only feed electricity into the grid, but may also participate, some extent, the grid control process. traders buy energy from producers, traders suppliers the wholesale market and resell other traders suppliers. the wholesale energy market pan-european marketplace where some products are resold several times before finally reaching the consumer through supplier. energy exchanges offer marketplace where electricity and gas can traded. these marketplaces are heavily regulated, are monitored national regulators and some even have special status that they carry out certain functional processes with network operators. clearinghouses are usually connected one more exchanges and carry out the financial and physical settlement for energy transactions. brokers: traders are not forced business exclusively through energy exchanges; the european energy market also hosts large number brokers offering platforms that traders can use for their transactions. index agencies are institutions that establish market prices for energy products, either trading platforms contacting individual traders, and provide pricing information traders exchange for fees standardization bodies stipulate the processes energy trading. particular, for the european market, the efet mentioned, well the entso-e and entso-g, the tso associations electricity and gas, who agree grid-relevant processes. regulators monitor the energy market the national european level. their technical connection covers the reporting transactions the parties involved. european federation energy traders company ownership legal entity bittwatt pte. ltd. private company incorporate singapore under the companies act, and from and the company exempt private company limited shares. u.e.n address: north canal road, singapore for more information visit bittwatt.com