whitepaper www.bizkey.io dear readers and community members: hello everyone! the anniversary bitcoin, the bizkey team has updated the first draft the whitepaper. this update reflects bizkey's recent growth over the last months well the significant progress have made. firstly, have upgraded from developer inhouse blockchain intelligent pos products open platform that comprehensively supports third party developers. aim enabling general developers, third-party payment channels, and retail saas developers targeting the retail industry quickly access the bizkey ecosystem and providing wide range commercial resources and applications for digital currency payment. secondly, have launched the global node cooperation plan and the ecosystem committee construction plan, plans which aim attract global partners help build the bizkey retail ecosystem. thirdly, have listed crypto exchange the bzky token, clearing difficult hurdle and allowing the market decide the value our token. with the refined ideas and relevant pivots, release this new whitepaper update our supporters and community members. course, review this paper will show that our premise and fundamental vision remains unchanged, such the allocation plan token, team, etc. hope that through the upgrade this whitepaper, the finer details the bizkey project can read and understood more quickly and easily. bizkey team october afk kad kio kli aka iklfaka kil kli ido ifaf bizkey, whose chinese name "coin key", means the key the retail sales industry. are dedicated creating offline payment solution for digital currency, which aims provide wide range offline payment applications for many kinds digital currencies. our vision connect more than million offline brick and mortar retailers within three years and make possible for digital currency payment enter public life. mission: enable digital currency payment become commonplace vision: build the world's largest offline payment ecosystem digital currency values: return the value transaction data the merchant since the development bitcoin years ago, more and more people have become aware the digital currency. the past two three years, with further advances the fields cryptography, distributed ledger technology, and token economic theory, blockchain has made rapid progress and obtained explosive development. the total number digital currency users has reached more than million. according brian armstrong, the founder and ceo coinbase, this figure will exceed billion five years. with such large user group, digital currency track widely used our daily life. one day, will use digital currency not only buy luxury goods and book hotels, but also pay for meals. using digital currency will common using legal tender. looking back the past three years, the mobile payment methods (legal tender) popularized wechat and alipay were used less than usage rose more than mainland china today. referring the rapid development mobile payment, have reasons believe that digital currency will experience the same rapid development progress the future. the future coming. bizkey making arrangements ahead time, and look forward working with merchant acquirers seize the opportunity and cooperate for bright future! support legal tender transaction anonymize transactions the ledger award bzky for transactions main digital currencies additional digital currencies commission service fees expand large amount merchants offline payment access digital currencies bzky used paid for merchant cross traffic generation enable offline merchants will achieve our ambitious goal through three steps the first step supporting legal tender transaction which functions the mining mechanism. the present stage when digital currency not widely held accepted, retail transaction data sanitized add value brick and mortar retailers, with the merchant base expanding through the incentive obtaining data insights with the bzky token. compared with the centralized payment platforms such wechat, bizkey agnostic the legal tender earnings the merchants and returns the value the data assets the merchants, incentivizing the addition more merchants the bizkey ecosystem. the second step reduce costs and increase efficiency. the bzky token will used reduce the payment cost using the bizkey payment system. addition, various retail services can paid discounted through the use the bzky token within the ecosystem. bizkey's consumer side token, the time token, will function common loyalty rewards point given consumers when patronizing merchants the bizkey ecosystem. merchants can offer rewards, perks, and discounts exchange for time tokens promote consumer cross traffic and reduce the cost obtaining customers. this system blockchain rewards will continuously acclimate merchants and consumers the use blockchain everyday life. the third step enable large number other digital currencies. with the constant acquisition merchants and the increasing number crypto users, bizkey will access more mainstream digital currencies and enable them have many offline payment applications. bizkey will charge fees the digital currency transactions and offer passive income for merchants choosing invest their crypto currency instead liquidation crypto assets. payment the closest industry the application blockchain technology. bizkey will connect the blockchain industry many offline businesses, using incentives align the interests decentralized merchants and users share assets mutual cooperation. significance adopting blockchain technology: bizkey very different from other blockchain projects, especially public blockchain projects. have always defined bizkey supporting facility the largest blockchain industry. bizkey hopes build offline application help more digital currencies see adoption the future and provide payment access all. however, bizkey still has many typical characteristics blockchain projects. from aligning incentives between merchants facilitate data sharing the construction dac organizational structure, bizkey has made full use blockchain technology many areas. data incentivization: through the application blockchain technology, incentivize the sharing transaction data merchants. format and clean the data, conduct data engineering, and reward the data producers. data validation: blockchain can play the role data tamper-proofing. knowing the exact origin transaction data using the blockchain rewards, can hold data providers accountable and avoid the possibility data falsification. decentralization: the ethos decentralization emphasized blockchain technology pairs with the decentralized nature brick and mortar retailers, which threatened market centralization exhibited the dominance amazon and walmart. the potential efficiency local merchants much higher than centralized online platforms but can only unlocked through cross traffic strategies and data asset sharing. data oligopolies and information asymmetry caused market centralization can reversed, greatly reducing the cost customer acquisition and data insights for smaller merchants. token economy: the unique token economic model blockchain can incentivize merchants and third party partners participate the ecosystem and accelerate growth. biz-pay: the bizkey platform has lower payment service charge compared with existing financial platforms. offline payments using digital currency still the very early stage. however, with the participation more teams similar bizkey, the userbase will have massive growth relatively conservative estimate that more than five million brick and mortar merchants will support digital currency payment then. estimate that the transaction scale will exceed more than billion dollars per year and the number offline payments will exceed million. present must consider the fundamental issues and limitations regarding digital currency. there are most million coin holders the world. not know how many active users are among them. most real users only regard asset for speculation, and not intend spend during their daily life. addition, can see from the data bitmap that there are only merchants around the world that accept bitcoin payments. although the quantity has increased one hundred-fold over the past few years, the two sides the equation are still unmatched. this means that the proportion digital currency payments daily life will very low. for single merchant, expected that someone will make digital currency payment once month. armstrong, the founder coinbase, estimated that there would more than billion digital currency holders within five years. that time, digital currency will have appeared every aspect people's lives. the bizkey team and many our backers have witnessed three years legal tender mobile payment grow from nonexistence omnipresence. from mainland china and southeast asia, japan, south korea and europe, wechat pay and alipay are available wherever there are chinese consumers. how many people believed cashless society three years ago? likewise, have reason believe that inevitable for digital currency move into our daily lives. looking backing wechat pay although the acceptance merchants was very low that time, let not forget that almost all the chinese users initially got money their wechat wallet owing the red envelope marketing campaign during the spring festival gala. the educational costs merchants and users for wechat pay seem much lower than digital currency payment. however, bizkey and many mobile payment partners are very clear that extremely difficult the beginning promoting nationwide application. during the spring festival the proportion offline payments including wechat pay and alipay was less than the major difficulty was that was required keep touch with merchants and keep assuring them that mobile payments were safe, fast and convenient. other than payment, there were many other utilities that needed given merchants. all depends the frequency contact with merchants. with more contact and higher frequency, easier achieve success. recent years, mobile payments china's legal tender have exhibited explosive growth, and there are reasons believe that digital currency payment expected exhibit explosive growth the future well. necessary maintain the high frequency contact with the merchants that the problems that accompany the expansion merchants can solved. after all, the names bitcoin/ ethereum, the issues large fluctuation/safety, with the addition the black sheep ponzi scheme-like coin air coin, make much harder for merchants accept digital current payments than the promotion wechat pay the first place. but bizkey clearly understands how achieve this target through three steps. the current state the retail industry and the deficiency the centralization platform the global retail market size was trillion dollars and expected reach trillion dollars the retail industry has been affected the development the internet and the mobile internet access recent years, with online retail sales growing significantly faster than offline sales. however, retail transactions are still offline. with more and more e-commerce logistics moguls are investing the offline retail market, the traditional brick and mortar merchants can take advantage the third-party platforms shift sales online. omnidirectional retail becoming the standard, gradually integrating the offline and online worlds. the process integration, transaction data between merchants and customers are collected and controlled the centralized service platforms such amazon. the powerful centralized platforms have three main deficiencies: data controlled the centralized platforms resulting huge information gap the centralized retail platforms, the information between merchants and users asymmetric. the unilateral control transaction data creates less competitive system, resulting merchants paying customer acquisition. the authenticity retail data science cannot guaranteed while data fraud common--false data the part centralized platforms leads unfair competition the current environment, impossible defend against transaction data fraud effectively. centralized platforms such facebook can easily falsify overestimate figures. some merchants, order obtain traffic accordance with the platform algorithm rules, will produce many false figures themselves, not only affecting the purchase decisions users, but also contributes unfair competition the platform. data contributors are unable enjoy the value data assets centralized platforms enjoy high capital premium the data. the core creators the platform value, the high-quality merchants practicing real bookkeeping not only not get any capital value, but even find themselves being squeezed for profits the platform. blockchain can rebuild the offline retail industry blockchain technology one the most important recent inventions, whose technical core reshape the productive relations the retail industry and eliminate the existence third-party intermediaries. using blockchain technology disrupt the current offline retail ecosystem, bizkey returns the value data and consumer traffic the participants the transaction effectively solve the various deficiencies the centralized platforms. establish trusted network for distributed accounts bizkey establishes distributed accounts for offline retailers based blockchain technology and ensures the uniqueness transactions, putting end the unilateral data fraud exhibited centralized platforms order maximize data benefits and ensure fair competition the ecosystem, thus establishing digitized trust. the rational distribution and circulation data value through tokenization data assets, bizkey can validate and capitalize the transaction data's value, that data value can returned the creator, rather than concentrated the hands few centralized platforms, ensuring fair and reasonable circulation data assets the physical retail ecosystem. reach community consensus and community autonomy bizkey will align the data formats retail merchants through the incentive distribution tokens, setting the rewards according the contributed value from each side the transaction, maximizing the value circulated and community autonomy the ecosystem. new opportunities for the development digital currency while using blockchain reshape the offline retail ecosystem, bizkey also brings new opportunities the wide application digital currency the real economy. digital currency payment getting closer daily life recent years, encrypted digital currencies based blockchain technology have gradually entered public knowledge, and the value mainstream digital currencies such bitcoin, eth, etc., have been recognized more and more people. however, the main applications digital currency are speculative investments, cross-border transfers, and anonymous payment. the "goods" that digital currencies can purchase are usually other kinds digital currencies, fact which limits the mainstream public's ability perceive benefits offered digital currency. with the help fiat payment transactions, blockchain rewards make headway with merchants bizkey establishes daily contact with merchants facilitating legal tender transactions, which constitute the mining mechanism for bkzy tokens. constantly provides merchants with digital currency payment, and the biz-pos device allows for crypto payment. consumers can directly use digital currencies they hold buy retail goods, enhancing the utility, future value, and circulation digital currency. mobile payment channels are enabled and bizkey open platform for fast integration with the proliferation mobile payment mainland china, the fourth party mobile payment companies, aggregating payment companies, ground promotion companies and other service providers have emerged large numbers. they continue help wechat and alipay expand territory. the slender commission rate cannot scale support the rising cost labor for these companies and allows wechat alipay cut out the service provider and connect directly with the merchant. with the appearance personal code collection market standard, service providers are cut out. bizkey changes the game making full use these existing networks and enables blockchain technology, thus becoming new channel digital currency payment. core management team ceo ken: ken worked the ministry news and communications singapore and was responsible for the infocomm media masterplan during this period, studied the application bitcoin and blockchain technology the fields finance and logistics. coo scarlett: while serving chuangda investment and newsion venture capital from she studied the blockchain technology and the related investment projects and oversaw many blockchain project investments. co-founder dr. zheng guangyuan: one the project founders bizkey, was early investor digital currency and consultant multiple projects. sun: xavier was the director operation iota and elf, and cmo bimoney. has plentiful operations experience blockchain projects. chief compliance adviser: zed, thay yhong miang has bachelor science electrical engineering with first-grade honours from the nanyang technological university. the director southeast asia, greater china business transnational financial group. served the cashier and important post business department credit suisse group and national city bank new york. chief data officer grant baker earned master science financial engineering with honours from the national university singapore. has held positions search engine optimization and brokerage firms insurance and commodities across singapore, hong kong and austin. international community manager kimmi, kim mikyeong, has bachelor science statistics from the national university singapore. she served community manager another blockchain project and served digital marketing manager for sea leadtime tour and china medical device. team structure ceo advisory group bizkey tech group pax bizkey brand group bizkey community group bizkey market group pax pax pax others pax team background major related industries bizkey digital currency payment and data analysis project for offline retailers. the major team members all have relevant market technical backgrounds. from ceo ken worked for the infocomm development authority singapore and set project committee and funds promote the use mobile cashless payments the retail industry. from present, lei yong, the ceo koalac and project consultant bizkey, has abundant practical experience the retail industry and serves more than thousand merchants china. lynne, head overseas business, former coo and co-founder the platform, similar the singapore-style dianping. qiao, head continental business, the former coo, star apps such "rice ben" and "enjoy", which owns large number domestic high-end catering industry resources and european high-quality commodity suppliers. team technical director former tencent wechat pay product manager with rich product design capability and payment industry experience. grant baker, the team's chief data officer, designed the architecture for the data sharing ecosystem bizkey. designed the token utility and database rules for ensuring data privacy. prior joining bizkey, grant received master's degree financial engineering from the national university singapore. grant has held multiple positions insurance and commodities brokerages, well search engine optimization, across singapore, hong kong and austin. consultant team technical consultants jiang hai, founder bubi technology, holds doctorate from the chinese academy sciences. has nearly years experience scientific research and product development the field network and internet communications, and has experience distributed computing networks, network content security, electronic currency, and payment networks. guo qiang, co-founder bumo, started study blockchain technology bringing rich investment management experience innovative businesses. also tsinghua university icenter tutor, china cloud computing standardization committee member, and zhongguancun intelligent hardware industry alliance director. zhou zhengjun (jeff zhou) the founder and ceo trustnote. zhou zhengjun the blockchain software and chip research development expert and has developed the world's first bitcoin/litecoin double-miner, supplying roughly the computing power the global lite-coin mining machine market. was also the former director microelectronics technology china's first nasdaq-listed chip company and was responsible for core software and algorithms. zheng guangyuan associate professor engineering the national university singapore, ph. scientist from the science and technology research institute stanford university, holds bachelor's degree from cambridge university, was named massachusetts institute technology under innovator the year and was shortlisted for the world technology award. john luo, senior software developer, amazon marketing consultants lei yon, the founder and ceo mr. koala, holds masters from the science and technology university national defense, was orbit engineer shenzhou spacecraft. mr. koala wellknown retail saas platform china and won the title "china's best innovation company top awarded american famous business media fast company zhao yangxian (andy) the founder hemo technology and was mba president class member tsinghua university. the annual turnover the company's saas platform for human resources services "loving employee" over ten billion. founded the industry-renowned highend headhunting consulting firm hong kong people-based management agency. weng shaobin the managing director the quarter illuma, has master business administration from tsinghua university, and serves deputy secretary general the guangdong provincial association for the promotion internet financial development. was research fellow and product manager bell labs usa. wang yang, ceo, blockfolks, leading blockchain advisory firm southeast asia industry consultants jin xiang the former technical director ige (greater china), the world's largest virtual currency trader. also continuous entrepreneur, successfully establishing several websites and internet products with daily active users the tens millions and set quantitative trading trust fund. also has rich experience and profound understanding the integration internet, big data, artificial intelligence, and finance. patricia the chairman the new age foundation, serves deputy secretary general the united nations club future leaders china, and chairman neex.co, the first licensed exchange southeast asia. rui xiong the founder holly capital, partner bhp cash, student the phase one innovation college hundun university, loves philosophy, and has master's degree law. investment strategy consultants zeng zheng the co-founder illuma capital, hold imba degree from the school economics and management tsinghua university, and holds more than years financial investment and industrial operations management experience. also has experience management consulting, bank credit, corporate investment and financing, corporate restructuring and consulting, mergers and acquisitions, stock listings, and equity investments. kai the co-founder illuma capital, laying out the blockchain direction and pushed the "block chain+" direction investment very early the blockchain industry. two main blockchain enterprises invested in, bubi blockchain and babbitt community, are industry leaders. ren feng the founder and investor many listed companies china, the founder and cto coreplayer, partner and svp music element, senior product director yahoo (china) project manager senior engineer, general manager router. joel ng, blockchain venture partner, yozma group bbc bbc open platform architecture the entire bizkey platform architecture can divided into three levels: party channelg application access platform tools application layer supermarket vendor customer loyalty point vendor bizkey open platform: developer application management, community and bzky circulation management access layer contract layer contract layer the lowest level. smart contracts and account books are designed provide integration capabilities for various public connections. present supports the integration bumo and ethereum public blockchain and wallet, and will gradually connect eos and other public blockchain; access layer the medium level the open platform, which provides integration capacity for legal tender mobile payment platforms and retail saas platforms. present, the main interfaces have been developed and tested, and the third platform and applications are open transfer. more than third-party platforms have integrated. the number integrated platforms increases, the number merchants and transactions the bizkey ecosystem will increase exponentially (see bizkey node api access document). application layer provides application development, audit and release for bizkey ecosystem contributors. welcome any developer who willing enable the retail industry develop applications based the bizkey access level. using the bizkey interface and token incentive, the original application will carry with optimization and modification. third party access: present, more than applications are r&d, internal testing among ecosystem partners, and will put the market soon. the bizkey open platform also provides api interface support third-party platforms with merchant resources and assists third parties system upgrading and transformation, thus promoting the circulation bzky more channels and among more merchants. among them e-purchase, supermarket self-service fast cash register app. the e-purchase technical team integrating with bizkey's open platform for development. yukk, indonesia's largest local retail lifestyle information platform, also integrating with the bizkey open platform. ticketgo taiwan's largest coupon verification platform and also integrating with bizkey's open platform for app transformation. introduction ecosystem application bizkey currently, more than five applications for our ecosystem partners are the r&d internal testing phase and will released the market soon: bizpos: dual-screen blockchain intelligent pos machine. its prototype was released october beijing, and november began small-scale production. bizpos provides support for merchant fiat payment-mining, crm systems, voucher systems, and digital currency payment acceptance. digital currency holders will able pay singapore's chinatown using the erc wallet, which was unveiled october the first "token day" event. time card: online. this wechat mini program, based bizkey consumer points, can obtain time universal points mining, consuming, helping merchants market, and exchange privileges and commodities among many real businesses. present, has been accessed more than restaurants, with daily active users totaling more than first tier cities northern china. biztalk: app beta phase internal testing. social product for local retail merchants. merchants can buy inventory, make sales, accept mobile payments and make withdrawals. merchants can communicate with each other, recommend each other, and cross promote each other. bizpay: digital currency payment solution. r&d and will online, very simple and convenient app help real businesses with digital money payment and settlement. the best feature bizpay that customers can pay digital currency, while merchants have direct access local currency settlements. currently supports singapore and mainland china. bizmap: bizmap under development and will available for internal testing the end november. any user can quickly find merchants that support bizkey tokens points complete transactions. any merchant the bizkey ecosystem can also find other businesses that can cooperate quick matching. product development planning bizkey one-year product development goal divided into three stages: the first stage: the bizkey open platform launched facilitate integration payment channels and the sale the bizpos device; the second stage: the establishment bzky built-in exchange facilitate circulation bzky tokens; the third stage: provide more mainstream digital currency payment and settlement solutions, create traffic and launch the fee share profit model. bizpos launch the open platform for integration different payment channels bzky wide circulation integrate with more tokens bzky built-in exchange data monetization and fee sharing profit model bizkey token issuance the name bizkey's token bzky, which represents the certificate transaction data assets merchants. after the data collection and anonymization, reward bzky tokens merchants. the total number tokens billion, and the distribution and use are follows: allocation early stage supporters ecosystem building start-up team proportion use locking scheme fundraising when the bzky listed, will unlocked. the rest will unlocked within months average. reward early stage team contribution after the listing bzky, will unlocked months. when the bzky listed, will unlocked. after that, the rest will unlocked six times, with the proportion .%, .%, .%, .%, and they will unlocked every three months. partner motivate partners join merchant reward rewarding merchants released gradually over years. foundation operations after the listing bzky, will unlocked every six months. the amount each unlocking does not exceed remaining amount the held coins. foundation the funds raised through token sale will fully spent developing bizkey projects and building the ecosystem, with approximately the funds spent r&d activities, the operation and development the project, promotion and establishment high-value community, providing payment terminal equipment for businesses, and other revolving funds. the above proportion rough plan and may change the future adjustments are required during the implementation bizkey project. bizkey token economic model promote fast acquisition merchants bizkey ecosystem mobile payment channel global node merchant customer ecosystem reward bzky supermarket f&b customer regional node industry node transaction reward bzky association member customer jewelry transaction complete time common loyalty points transaction mining bizkey uses the tokens reward real transaction data from merchants the ecosystem. after sanitizing and recording the transaction data, merchants can receive the amount bzky rewards based bizpower computation. the usage bizkey does not decrease the merchant's actual income. rather, the bzky token rewards subsidy the transaction fee merchants have pay. ecosystem rewards bizkey set aside the tokens the ecosystem pool reward the global nodes that bring merchants the ecosystem. bizkey collaborates with many channel partners that already have offline merchant resources. without affecting any their current earnings, bizkey works with all these partners jointly create future ecosystem digital currency usage and acceptance. about the mining capacity bizpower there are three elements complete piece transaction data: merchants, users, and orderrelated information. the more complete and cleaner the transaction data is, the higher the bizpower score will calculated the bizpower api. the higher the score, the higher bzky reward allocation. put simply, the greater the bizpower value, the stronger the mining ability. bzky reward rules the release amount bzky tokens per day equal the number merchant nodes multiplied when the number merchant nodes reaches bzky rewards will cap million, releasing the remaining billion bzky steadily over days. allocation standard merchant rewards: the quantity reward affected bizpower and the amount bzky holding the merchant. the first month, the rewards are distributed just according the bizpower merchants per day the total amount bizpower. from the second the sixth month, merchant's holding bzky plays increasing weightage determining the reward allocation, until the rewards are determined bizpower and the other determined the merchant's holding bzky. bzky rewarded merchants month month month month month month month onward bizpower proportion bzky holding proportion presumably, there are merchants the first day the first month, then the total distributed incentives would since the incentives are distributed according bizpower proportion, presumably, the average total the merchants that day amounts which the bizpower merchant then the incentives merchant will obtain would bzky. presumably there are merchants the first day the second month, then the total distributed incentives would since from the second month, rewards are based the proportion bizpower and the rest according bzky holding proportion. suppose the average bizpower the merchants was the total was bzky, which, merchant had daily bizpower holding bzky. the reward merchant would bzky. how prevent fraudulent transactions the incentive mechanism bzky the key the healthy development the bizkey ecosystem, long can effectively prevent merchants and customers from counterfeiting data and transactions. prevention fraudulent transaction requires active prevention and passive punishment. firstly, the offline authentication system authenticates the identity merchants. the bizkey team can verify the business license, address, card, bank card, telephone number and other information merchants through the offline authentication system. real merchants are the basis for ensuring authentic data. secondly, bizpower very effective filter mechanism prevent merchants from counterfeiting and can filter the repeated "click farming" attempts colluding with users. the algorithm will continue optimize, that the counterfeiting costs merchants rise while rewards get smaller. finally, bizkey will draw portraits participants based their transaction data. users with abnormal transaction behavior will identified and the token awards merchants and customers will reduced. according the seriousness the counterfeiting behavior between the merchant and the customer, severe punishments will imposed the merchant and the user such authority downgrading, degradation, limitations free transaction, deletion nodes, and on. digital currency payment with bzky reduce transaction fee for retail merchants traditional financial institutions have high transaction service charges, especially credit card payment charges which are -%. cutting out the bank, the transaction service charges wechat and alipay china can quite low. similarly, the bizpay service charge only countries and regions payment method wechat/alipay credit card debit card wechat/alipay credit card credit card credit card credit card service charge effectively promote cross traffic between merchants the transaction data given obtain bzky rewards not sold vendors, but instead run through data science modules return data insights merchants, helping them better understand customer journey from start finish. contributors this ecosystem receive actionable insights discounted rate and receive other tools drive cross traffic between themselves and other merchants. consumer incentives the ecosystem: time represents the consumer incentive the bizkey ecosystem and circulation voucher that can purchase perks, discounts, other merchant driven rewards. customers receive time patronizing merchants the bizkey ecosystem and are incentivized custom rewards offered each merchant exchangeable with time. customers will obtain time for each rmb spent (for the consumption using the legal tender other countries, will converted based real-time exchange rate). the utility time increases and its consumer incentive becomes more attractive merchants participate the ecosystem. how consumers can receive time: tasks purchases spend rmb obtain time new registration invite friends sign daily sign seasonal festive gifts marketing for merchants products sharing social media giving merchants reviews location based customer sharing: most believe that rivalrous companies cannot share customers clients, but this not the case retail. food festivals, shopping malls, and bar hopping are all examples this phenomenon. merchants may similar categories, but when clustered together, they share common pool traffic. bizkey has dual token economic model: the bzky token representing merchant data assets, and the time loyalty points used consumers within the ecosystem. some small merchants may not able give discounts their goods, but joining the bizkey ecosystem are still able have their customers rewarded. the larger merchants may more likely offer larger reward exchange for time tokens, and are able use time drive cross traffic between themselves and the smaller merchants win-win relationship. merchants decide themselves how they want attract customers using the time token system. some merchants may not feel the need use this system all but will still have patrons rewarded with time courtesy bizkey. higher efficiency cross traffic based customer daily routine journey after long-term study bizkey and its partners, efficient model cross marketing based customer daily journey has been explored. along each customer's journey, relevant recommendations can made consumers which are close places visited during their daily routine. just machine learning can find recommendations for e-commerce shoppers, similar tools can find brick and mortar merchants one's area. this strategy breaks through the original geographical location restrictions and expands the scope commercial marketing possibilities. internal studies show that recommendations that are close customer's typical daily path can increase cross traffic between merchants shopping mall office f&b recommends buy apparel store recommends fruit store home offline retail struggles provide the right goods the right people the right place, time, and price. bizkey can help businesses the ecosystem with: people: through recommendations, bring warm leads goods: discover inventory optimization tools with local historical transaction data place: with local recommendations, bizkey expands each merchant's marketing promotion possibilities. the offline retail industry, see that small data more efficiently used when paired with local customers. "transaction mining" keep merchants active bizkey has huge advantage over its competitors due the abundant experience getting traction with merchants. many blockchain teams are strong technical background but are weak merchant acquisition. know from experience that the cost merchant acquisition high, promoting digital money payments businesses. even education successful, keeping the pos devices use requires continuous manpower. crypto enabling pos devices may end the shelves collecting dust crypto users are infrequent, there other incentive use it. bzky token rewards incentivize merchants continuously use our device, creating high-frequency point contact with merchants. the present stage difficult promote cryptocurrency payment arduous process train merchants use crypto enabled pos devices, from giving the merchant, activating it, and getting them use frequently. have other teams who deploy pos machines logged more than single digital currency payment transaction per day each pos device? this unlikely, and this often the case when the machine given for free. equally difficult, not more, sell pos device merchant. cultivate merchant's habit, the team must maintain high frequency contact, process requiring lot manpower, material, and financial resources. even so, the machine may still end lying storage cabinet collecting dust. after each transaction, merchant receivesbzky notification for bzky reward, keeping frequent contact for training advertising purpose facilitating traditional payment for data-driven rewards keeps merchants responsive one the advantages bizkey that have make use established payment channels maintain contact with merchants. the most frequently used and indispensable part retail the payment gateway. this stage, fiat payment indispensable. for each transaction merchants record, they receive corresponding amount bzky tokens. the cost onboarding merchants low, and the success rate high, because bizkey does not affect the merchant's legal tender income disrupt the merchant's existing operation. established contact with merchants after each purchase, keeping ourselves part their routine. chinese markets where mobile payments are more prevalent, this connection more convenient. the merchant sees material benefit using our pos devices application, have influence with merchants. this process cheaper than the manpower required continuously retrain merchants use our device. opening our platform and allowing integration improve onboarding: bizkey focuses more attention api integration rather than facing merchants directly. blockchain capable pos machines are only one entry bizkey ecosystem. have the api integration achieve wider customer base, especially the existing mobile payment channels. these channels often have their own payment and settlement systems place. one channel brought over week spent api integration can bring tens thousands new merchants for the bizkey ecosystem. not only can the merchants can obtain bzky during the normal transaction process, but merchant acquirers can also receive additional bzky reward, becoming indispensable node the ecosystem. present, bizkey has integrated with payment channels mainland china, southeast asia, japan, south korea, and other countries. this rapid integration and mutually beneficial ecosystem can expand our merchant base faster than peers. era where speed the defining competitive advantage, bizkey has absolute advantage using this business model. the logic for value appreciation bzky tokens bzky infiltrating the payment process bizkey' first landing scenario "payment", which gives bzky natural direct payment usage scenario. whether merchants users, you can use bzky and others for the exchange goods and services. this point, the "bzky" has currency characteristic. total bzky circulation billion total bzky rewards billion daily rewards cap million rewarding duration days the bizkey project deepens and lands various areas, the more payment scenarios there are and the more merchant partners will bring: the scale the transaction multiplied, directly increasing the demand for bzky. however, the total amount bzky limited, and the supply circulating flux decreasing gradually, the relationship between supply and demand will promote the rise currency price. the frequency transactions increased multiple, liquidity demand pushed the price currency; [merchant]: willing accept bzky payment the transaction cost lower than the traditional way such credit card, the merchant has the willingness accept; willing actively recommend customer use; addition, bzky circulation limited with value-added utility, businesses would want hold it. [customer]: willing buy bzky bzky can used for payment and useful; limited circulation, low initial price, customers thus have the desire buy and keep; even when not use, bzky has the potential appreciate value. internal circulation: the application potential bzky the ecosystem enormous merchants can use bzky obtain the rights use products such as: the pos machine, api call, app products, dapp products etc. merchants stake bzky obtain discounts. deduction transaction service charge data sharing among agreeing merchants mutual data cooperation api calls, app, dapp product usage token staking discount purchase biz-pos device token staking discount purchase supply chain financial services token staking discount business intelligence related services token staking discount holding more bzky attract more customers holding more bzky will translate more rights and privileges the ecosystem. based our design, the maximum discount customer can claim with time token merchant will pegged proportionately the bzky holding the merchant. selling bzky the market means reducing its ability attract new customers retain existing customers with discount. more important for merchants attract customers low cost. result, merchants have the incentive purchase and keep bzky. large scale readily convertible merchant base the bizkey team has rich connections and mortar merchants mainland cooperation partner region with bricknumber merchants phase china, hong kong, singapore, japan, thailand, and other southeast asian allocated the token koipy singapore over jewelry singapore, nearly one hundred mou signed day southeast asia koryo mart singapore mou signed digital diamond mainland china, nearly mou signed foundation hong kong yukk indonesia over allocated and integrated with api dian shu taiwan nearly one thousand mou signed ticketgo taiwan nearly thousand hotels mou signed and ten thousand retailers mr. koala mainland china progress dragonpass global airport over mou signed lounges xbed mainland china over mou signed all people mainland china over mou signed gou mainland china supermarkets allocated and integrated with api over dozen other party payment channels mainland china over allocated and inserted with api bizkey, with its considerable resources across southeast asia, has signed cooperation agreements with singapore based koipy, jewelry group, singapore branches south korean supermarket chain, and the dd-foundation. they respectively represent more than catering merchants, more than jewelry stores, dozens korean supermarkets, and approximately retail gold and jewelry stores and mainland china. are also developing the transition api for yukk indonesia, tree taiwan, and ticketgo, which covers massive numbers merchants southeast asia. the ultimate target bizkey the global offline retail market. currently, bizkey making contact with retail channels and mobile payment systems japan, south korea and canada. soon, bzky will gain huge traction brick-and-mortar retail payment systems, which will implement wide availability crypto payments solutions. mr. koala science and technology network and other bizkey partners mainland china have serviced least thousand brick and mortar merchants including more than famous brands including haidilao, xibe youmiancuni, dalongyi hotpot, xiao long kan, nayuki, and others. dragonpass company limited has nearly million registered members, service network spanning globally, including countries and airports and bullet trains with more than lounges and restaurants. have also obtained the cooperation with domestic accommodation platform xbed, social media business platform all people, and supermarket service provider gou, which are all integrating their systems with our api. these platforms hold bed &breakfast (b&b) merchants, more than million beauty salons and dozens large supermarkets. signed agreements with more than mobile payment service providers and developed the api integration. market expansion strategy market expansion mainly driven the "transaction mining" mechanism, allowing for rapid expansion due the increased benefits for early adopters. the first stage, bizkey primarily expands the retail markets both china and singapore gain large market share short period time. with the rapid growth our merchant base, bizkey will optimize the incentive mechanism according data and merchant feedback, shape our products according need, and improve services. during the second stage, the bizkey team will strategically expand selected emerging markets southeast asia and asia pacific and gradually promote international cooperation with merchant acquirers. bizkey will expand additional emerging markets, further deepening its operations major markets and begin cross-industry promotion the third stage. token day celebration the anniversary bitcoin, bizkey launched 'token day' singapore. held from october november th, token day campaign familiarize the public with cryptocurrency retail setting. during this period, retailers clustered around singapore's chinatown accepted various cryptocurrencies payment. customers use bizkey's pos device pay with various cryptocurrencies including ethereum, bzky, and other tokens voted the community. token day will held once year, with locations held according community input and elections. hong kong, taipei, and south korean jeju island have applied the candidate city for the second annual token day. token day aims the most-anticipated and largest crypto payment festival the global blockchain industry each year, giving bizkey international reach and opportunity expand the merchant base. current stage, too early charge commission fees profit model impossible for any project work without profit model. however, would short sighted charge commission fees for the reasons listed below: first, the frequency digital currency payment too low support such model. not possible exceed orders per day, commission fee would not even able support team second, the commission charge crypto payments must lower than those fiat payments. commissions are higher crypto than fiat payments addition being less efficient, who would choose pay using crypto currency? third, would difficult for company whose core business offline survive forced pay commission charge. possible run team staff with lower charge and less efficient marketing promotion? the project must manufacture and sell pos machines, incapable earn money the short term. bzky tokens are not available for free merchants have the decision sharing their data, which becomes masked and anonymized, exchange for bzky. one the most valuable parts the offline retail industry the transaction data. mobile payment companies, aggregate payment companies, banks, and other platforms work hard and great expense acquiring merchant data. the decentralized data assets each merchant has are quite small, have many different formats, are possibly unreliable, etc. through the bizpower mechanism, incentivize merchants offer clean data, and converge formats over time. this way, are attempting correct the increasing market centralization driven the overwhelming market dominance few players. bzky has many functions usable directly merchants. the basic function bzky deduct transaction fees and offer discounts bizkey's suite services. these benefits scale with the amount bzky held, increasing utility according the number merchants and users the ecosystem. profit model: beyond the commission charges short term: monetization merchant-platform interaction mentioned earlier that frequent interaction between merchants and bizkey achieved payments are processed through the platform. the callback /notification page for the merchants claim bzky the easiest way maintain connection. the time this writing, bzky trading rmb, meaning that the cost buy one interaction with merchants costs rmb. the callback page, just providing information advertisement about our logistics products, credit products, wealth management products can generate healthy revenue for bizkey. bizkey's launch event october showed bhpc's cloud mining product, which gives monthly return example how this model works. assuming conversion rate percent, this gives roi the merchantplatform interaction. therefore, allocating the token pool reward merchants doesn't generate much selling pressure for bzky. rare for blockchain projects have such clear profit model such early phase. medium term: cross traffic and performance fees the number merchants the bizkey ecosystem and associated transaction data increases, there will more opportunities achieve more cross traffic opportunities between merchants. merchants can easily refer their customers other establishments their area and receive automatic rewards based successful referrals. customers from store successfully referred store will reward store according inter-merchant agreements, with bizkey taking the transaction amount commission, figure which much lower than larger platforms the industry. long term: commission from the digital currency crypto currency payments are more commonly used, bizkey will take the transaction fee commission fee. for example, the transaction fee then will belong bizkey. foundation structure order meet the needs international positioning and governance, non-profit organization, bizkey foundation ltd. (referred the "foundation") has been incorporated. the foundation committed developing and building the bizkey and dealing with related matters open source community projects promote the harmonious development the community making good governance mechanism. the foundation consists board directors and work group. takes charge administrative function, technical function, operational function and other functions. the foundation deals with routine work and special matters maintain daily operation and the pace development. the board directors the highest management decision-making body the foundation. made more than three directors. the chairman will selected from the members the board directors. the board responsible for hiring dismissing the ceo, making important decisions and holding emergency meeting. has the right vote registered ballot for all the above matters. each member shall have one vote. when the board decides, must approved more than half the members. the board directors shall exercise the following duties: adjust the governance structure the foundation appoint dismiss the ceo make decisions technological paths, business modes, the direction the market, etc. emergency events such events affecting the entire community software security, system upgrades, etc. other major decisions the foundation has ceo who responsible for the daily management the bizkey project and performs the following duties: manage the daily operation work and carry out the decisions the foundation formulate basic management system appoint dismiss the heads the working groups map out the open source code framework and work out capital allocation foundation and ecosystem committee name ecosystem committee for blockchain retail target establish the committee system, super node election system, empower the merchants the community. the representative participates the foundation management, and through -year development, shall become fully autonomous community governance. mission empower the offline economy, create the better future vision realize the community construction and autonomy value share resources within -years development, the bizkey foundation will fully entrusted the ecosystem committee for governance. structure and distribution foundation node ecosystem committee participate standing committee ecosystem share develop super node regional node singapore thailand secretariat management share total year realise autonomy election/voting branding positioning technology security community engagement ecosystem incentive south korea industry node f&b supermarket education talent payment settlement supply chain finance luxury/jewelry executive committee founding process step -preparation committee step -temporary committee step -st election committee step -executive committee draft temporary committee election rule ecosystem masterplan consultation plan adjustment budget plan super node election plan preparation committee structure first election develop super node secretariat open submission except the provisions the white paper, the bizkey foundation and its affiliates make representations warranties for bizkey bzky (especially the marketability and specific functionality). the behavior participation contributions, sale and purchase any merchant based their own knowledge, laws and regulations and information about bizkey and bzky. without breaking the marketability bizkey, all the participants will accept the bzky after the launch bizkey project, regardless its technical specifications, parameters, performance function. the objectives and contents the white paper may change. part the content white paper and other documents will modified the project progresses. the team will update the contents posting announcement the website updating the white paper other documents. the foundation and its affiliates shall deny and disclaim these duties: anyone who violates the regulatory requirements anti-money laundering, counter-terrorism financing other regulatory requirements when purchasing the bzky. anyone who violates the representations, warranties, obligations, promises other requirements white paper and fails use and withdraw the token. the marketing plan bzky abandoned for any reason. the use funds raised the bzky sales program any behavior revealing, losing damaging the bzky.s wallet private key the breach contract, violation, infringement, collapse, libel, termination suspension service, fraud, misuse, misconduct, error, negligence, bankruptcy, liquidation, dissolution closure bzky.s third-party distribution platform. there difference, conflict contradiction between the content the agreement with the third-party distribution platform and the content this white paper. trading speculation about bzky listed, suspended delisted bzky any trading platform. bzky classified treated currency, securities, commercial paper, negotiable instrument, investment other matter any government, quasi-government agency, competent authority public agency, that prohibited, regulated restricted law. any risk factors disclosed this white paper and the damages, losses, claims, liabilities, penalties, costs other negative effects caused related risk factors. the failure, delay postpone public blockchain bumo and other third parties. errors, flaws, defects, failure, crash, rollback, hard fork the source code and fails perform specific function not suitable for purposes addition, the potential risks briefly mentioned above are not exhaustive. the extent permitted applicable law, the damages and risks resulting from participation, include but not limited direct indirect personal damage, loss commercial profits, loss business information other economic losses. bizkey foundation and the team are not liable for such damages and risks. participants are required fully understand the team background, the over- all framework and ideas the project before participating the project and making decisions. bzky token use the future, additional applications the bzky token will laid out detail. this section deals exclusively with the token staking mechanism. merchants will have the option stake tokens for period months, months, months. with tokens staked, merchants will able purchase utility tools offered the bizkey platform discount, limited the value tokens staked and stake duration. the value the tokens staked will give discount ratio for example, merchant stakes worth tokens for months, will able enjoy discount off the suite services during the -month stake period. shorter stake durations will reduce the discount percentage. this way, merchants have incentive stake tokens proportional the amount utility purchased the bizkey platform. the ratio tokens staked merchant discount may not necessarily remain the ratio may adjusted according merchant feedback promotion specials. the token price drops over the staking period, merchants must purchase more tokens renew discount equivalent size. the token price rises over the staking period, merchants need only stake portion their unlocked tokens and are free hold the rest sell exchange. scalability bzky token with the staking system, the value the bzky token scales with merchant adoption and the value bizkey's suite utilities. better tools, more utility functions, better transaction systems, and additional market segments serviced translates more purchases and therefore more discounts the bzky token can provide. merchants are rewarded with bzky tokens exchange for transaction data, they will have incentive use the staking mechanism for discounts. many merchant early adopters, having been rewarded with larger share the token pool, will able stake for free, enjoying the deeply discounted rate with tokens spare. seen below, merchant who spends month utility and participates the -month staking mechanism reaps huge savings with stable increasing bzky token. the only potential for downside the token price drops more than over the staking period. anything else pure savings, even profit. case scenario: consider merchant who spends monthly business intelligence module the bizkey platform. interested the discount under the -month lockup plan, one the plans demonstrated below. month month month tokens fiat tokens fiat tokens fiat decides lock worth tokens and pay each month for the utility, paying only dollars over the -month period and saving dollars. free sell the tokens after months use them for another lockup. token pool valuation the total value the bkzy token pool may thought the present value annuity, where the annuity payments are the savings reaped token staking. working with the conservative assumption that merchants average will spend month bizkey's utilities and take advantage the largest possible discount can make use the following annuity valuation: since discount requires -month staking period, the annuity semiannual with payment monthly, semiannually. can find lower-bound token pool valuation assuming ultraconservative parameters. the project lasts just years which translates payment periods, using annual semiannual interest rate, can find the following lowerbound valuations: number merchants semiannual savings token pool valuation note that successful conversion our existing merchant network merchants) into customers paying monthly gives the bzky token market cap lower-bound valuation million. with billion tokens, this valuation places the value each bzky token just over penny each. adjusting the parameters, investors can create their own valuation each bzky token.