whitepaper ver. february table contents executive summary vision value proposition advantages for the investors market overview our history the blackmoon platform technology blackmoon tools interfaces leadership team advisors our partners executive summary blackmoon part the blackmoon financial group, financial technology company founded the blackmoon team has extensive experience setting and managing investment funds, well developing automated investment interfaces and asset management tools while effectively working with regulatory authorities. blackmoon's vision create new standard for tokenized investment vehicles that will bridge the gap between the fiat* and crypto universes. the blackmoon platform focuses all aspects tokenized investment vehicles, from technology and infrastructure, legal compliance and corporate structuring. the blackmoon platform will the one-stop solution for asset managers create and manage tokenized funds. this white paper outlines the value proposition the blackmoon platform and the company's business model. blackmoon fiat money currency established money government regulation law. usd, eur, cny and other similar currencies are fiat currencies. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fiat_money page whitepaper: executive summary vision blackmoon part the blackmoon financial group, financial technology company incorporated ireland with solid track record since bring investment transparency, globalization, and decentralization the next level implementing blockchain technology all with commitment sustainable continuous development cooperation with financial regulators. combine our ready-to-use technologies with our deep expertise structuring investment funds both internally and through our partnerships with external investment teams. working closely with the best investment managers, lawyers, and financial authorities, are creating solid bridge between the blockchain universe and the classic investment world providing transparent and legally compliant framework for tokenized fund structuring and operation. are helping expand the boundaries investment possibilities and encourage regulators recognize blockchain tools the new reality classic financial markets. ultimately, blackmoon aims set the benchmark for tokenized investment funds and vehicles that invest traditional investment instruments well emerging distributed economy opportunities. blackmoon page whitepaper: vision value proposition blackmoon addresses the main issues the current tokenized investment vehicles, such as: lack diversification, non-compliance with existing and foreseen regulation, and lack standardization. our goal become the industry standard and one-stop solution setting tokenized funds, regardless whether such funds invest the fiat crypto world. blackmoon bridges the gap between these two worlds while taking advantage both. key value propositions best both worlds sustainability currently the majority tokenized investment vehicles are either fully crypto-oriented (invested cryptocurrencies) pegged some tradable asset (such the dollar gold). each these approaches siloed, hindering diversification. access fiat investment opportunities provides unprecedented diversification terms income sources while retaining all the benefits the crypto universe, including decentralization, transparency, and exchangeability. funds' legal structure reviewed and approved our legal advisors ensure they are compliant with existing laws and regulations. many current investors tokenized funds are best terra incognita, this eye toward legal responsibility dramatically decreases legal risks for the investors. blackmoon has vetted the proposed structure with several financial institutions and has received indicative approval that will pass internal procedures, enabling funds transferred from and into the crypto world. sorting out these risks from the beginning, blackmoon improves investor confidence and provide necessary sustainability the investment process. standardized platform setting the proper investment structure costly endeavour. not all tokenized funds set proper structure, which leads greater regulatory risk. blackmoon believes that now the right time introduce industry standards for setting tokenized investment vehicles that can attract investments from private individuals and institutional investors any kind. undertake this effort order reduce remove regulatory risk from investors. blackmoon scalable fund creation using the system put place blackmoon, the blackmoon platform, any approved investment manager able set and run tokenized investment fund without having through the pain and effort creating the necessary and legal infrastructure. this effectively eliminates the barriers for tokenized fund creation, which important milestone toward bringing the fiat and crypto economies into the same realm. transparency bringing new liquidity and users tokenization interests funds (share profits) provides auditability and transparency the investment process well the results. this transparency means the investment funds are longer "black boxes" for the investors, with reporting full fine print. this much-needed transparency will substantially improve accountability the investment managers. believe that the blackmoon platform turnkey solution that leads further proliferation the decentralized economy. investment managers from the fiat world are now able easily create compliant tokenized investment funds and offer their existing customers all the benefits the blockchain that has been buzzword among investment managers for several years. page whitepaper: value proposition advantages for investors tokenized investment funds the blackmoon platform provide any type investor with important advantages over existing investment opportunities. advantages for crypto investors advantages for fiat investors new opportunities access assets from the fiat world, without leaving the crypto universe. higher net return, thanks the cost-efficient structure tokenized funds. (for comparison, the setup cost structured note usd plus the invested assets, which substantial drag the net result investors.) unparalleled diversification opportunities, thanks low correlation between fiat and crypto assets. access wider range investment opportunities with lower risk profile complement and balance existing speculative exposures. access new classes assets thanks lower barriers for funds set and administration the blackmoon platform. exchangeability and anonymity the inherent features the tokenized assets. (kyc process still required upon deposit and withdrawal fiat currencies.) blackmoon page whitepaper: advantages for the investors market overview blockchain has been buzzword the financial sector since has sparked substantial interest the industry through its advantages distributed ledger, value transfer, and resilience counterfeiting. the creation ethereum (eth) introduced smart contracts wide range business users. application these smart contracts leads increasing decentralization and democratization contractual relationships, effectively leaving place for interpretation the fine print the agreements and introducing dramatic cost advantages. this has resulted the proliferation various tokenized investment vehicles, from which can single out three main types: currency trading, venture capital funds, and tokens pegged assets (such gold, the dollar, etc.). new entrants the financial technology market aim disrupt the highly concentrated and over-regulated financial industry. this environment incumbents are taking steps keep with the pace technology and with customers' demands. for example, mid- was unveiled* that barclays had been discussion with the british financial regulator financial conduct authority (fca) about bringing cryptocurrencies into play. regulators themselves are also moving embrace blockchain and cryptocurrencies. for example, bitcoin** accepted japan, and swiss tax authorities confirmed*** bitcoin vat-free status. still, there much that needs done make the tokenization these investment vehicles seamless, transparent, and regulatory-compliant process. blackmoon the company bridge the existing gap. tokenized investment funds are the future the financial industry, offering compelling advantages such transparency, tradability, and cost efficiency. compare blackmoon positioning the existing ecosystem, plotted some the most notable companies two axes, shown the chart figure below. https://www.cnbc.com////barclays-bitcoin-regulators-fca.html https://www.coindesk.com/japan-bitcoin-law-effect-tomorrow/ *** https://bitcoinmagazine.com/articles/swiss-tax-authorities-confirm-bitcoin-vat-free-switzerland-/ blackmoon page whitepaper: market overview figure blackmoon positioning the existing ecosystem specialized players market movers access fund providers venture capital pegged cryptocurrencies finshi capital bitcoin growth fund blockchain capital iconomi melonport digix gold onegram nubits tether bitusd zengold diversification compcoin satoshi fund traded funds the token fund scalers impact broadeners the vertical axis ranks the impact the industry, measured magnitude market size change other influence the blockchain universe. the horizontal axis measures the diversification introduced the crypto world. the more investment options are offered, the more diversity brought the ecosystem. new currencies traded, new companies created, and new asset classes used source income increase the diversity the crypto world and thus efficiency. along these axes, the quadrants move from the low-impact, low-diversity scalers, the high-impact, high-diversity market movers. specialized players contribute the overall development the crypto ecosystem but tend offer only one option the users. market movers combine high impact crypto ecosystem development with diversified options the users. scalers exploit existing approaches within already available options inside the crypto ecosystem. broadeners use existing solutions offer broad range opportunities users. this chart shows that blackmoon provides industry impact while delivering the greatest diversity investment options blackmoon page whitepaper: market overview next, compared the features blackmoon with other providers access the investment vehicles, revealing that the approach planned with blackmoon will consistently provide the best advantages its investors blackmoon access fiat funds access crypto funds fund diversity distribution fund management income the token-holders focus compliance team experience launching and managing funds *** reserves for tokens buyout iconomi introduced token repurchases still, there rule how much money will allocated each quarter this program. thus there certainty cash flows opposed blackmoon tokens held continuous contributors (as defined further). stated that "iconomis management will provided legislation compliant and regulated service operator."still not clear whether the investment vehicles themselves will legally compliant whether the company has such goal, opposed blackmoon's mission create fully legally-compliant tokenized funds ecosystem. *** melonport's ceo has extensive experience financial institutions and funds. however blackmoon's team has the advantage having set from scratch and successfully running venture capital and alternative fixed-income funds. blackmoon page whitepaper: market overview blackmoon positioned become the industry standard for seamless fund tokenization and management leveraging existing expertise and technology advances. increasing diversification improves market stability and enhances the financial technology world, while the combination crypto world resources with fiat world opportunities increases market efficiency blackmoon page whitepaper: market overview our history blackmoon financial group financial technology and investment management company incorporated ireland that has been operational since august having its roots venture capital investments financial technology since the company lead oleg seydak*, entrepreneur, financial technology investor, founder blackmoon financial group, former co-founding partner flint capital; and ilya perekopsky**, entrepreneur and angel-investor, and former vice president and chief commercial officer vk.com. following timeline the company's history, from the initial vision the new opportunities today. (see the leadership team section later this document for more details.) vision oleg seydak has talent for identifying opportunities for automation among lenders. through flint capital, the venture capital firm that co-founded, oleg participated the pre-ipo buy-out investment lendingclub and the buyout prosper, well investments set alternative lenders europe. company profiles oleg and his friend ilya perekopsky, then vice president vk.com, teamed found and make initial investments blackmoon financial group. lending club operates online lending platform that enables borrowers obtain loan, and investors purchase notes backed payments made loans. lending club the world's largest peer-to-peer lending platform. blackmoon's first alternative debt fund was incorporated make fixed-income investments august flint capital international venture capital fund investing across the us, israel, and europe. the fund was founded oleg seydak and dmitry smirnov, former managing director and former ceo the finam global investment fund, respectively. vk.com the largest european online social media and social networking service and ranked (as june alexa's global top sites. prosper marketplace, america's first peer-to-peer lending marketplace, enables borrowers obtain loan and investors purchase notes backed payments made loans. development work began technical development the automation and machine learning algorithms process and assess loans issued alternative lenders the fiat world. blackmoon's automated platform for institutional-class investment alternative lenders was created may and testing began. the blackmoon lending marketplace platform was launched and the first loan was processed june the end blackmoon had ten full-time employees, four originators, and nine investors the platform among three different european countries and had processed loans after just six months production. https://www.linkedin.com/in/olegseydak/ https://www.linkedin.com/in/iliaperekopsky/ blackmoon page whitepaper: our history proof concept the blackmoon lending marketplace platform continued grow europe. expanded our team full-time employees, and ended the year with eight originators among seven different european countries, investors the platform, and aggregate loan value processed. made our debut with demos and company presentation lendit san francisco. jan june growth the blackmoon lending marketplace platform processed its first us-based loans proof concept the us-based market, entered the spanish market, and reached monthly volumes. version the blackmoon lending marketplace platform was unveiled lendit new york. discussions with other technology and service providers the solidified blackmoon lending marketplace platform's unique competitive positioning deal automation, third-party monitoring and verification, and transparency. based market intelligence development began originator-facing interface. july today new opportunity blackmoon financial group identified opportunity leverage internal expertise setting investment products for institutional investors and managing dedicated investment funds. work began creating the first tokenized asset management platform, blackmoon platform, set and operate tokenized investment funds with wide range investment mandates. delivering solid returns blackmoon financial group has proven track record delivering solid double-digit returns eur its investors. the chart shown figure below shows the historical unaudited performance the fixed-income fund with mandate invest the alternative lending industry europe under blackmoon management. figure blackmoon alternative lending product historical performance cumulative return since inception annualized return for the quarter this and other investment strategies will implemented the dedicated tokenized funds created the blackmoon platform. blackmoon page whitepaper: our history the blackmoon platform the blackmoon platform set technologies, techniques, interfaces, know-how, legal frameworks, and partnerships with banks and other licensed players the financial market. the resulting platform allows investment advisors structure, promote, and maintain tokenized investment funds for their clients. figure the structure the blackmoon platform and the distribution bmc tokens holding company (hc) distribution bmc management company (mc) investment advisors (ia) general partner investment management fund (if) fund (if) fund (ifn) sole sole sole tokenizer tokenizer tokenizer tokenization tokenization tokenization asset token asset token asset token llp ltd blackmoon llp ltd page whitepaper: the blackmoon platform distribution proceeds among continuous contributors management fee, performance fee llp ltd creation fee, redemption fee the base the structure the holding company, owned blackmoon financial group, with subsidiary management company manage the funds. the holding company develops all aspects the blackmoon platform, well work attracting and evaluating investment advisors, who establish tokenized funds within the blackmoon platform. these funds are investment vehicles, each which dedicated executing particular investment strategy under the management its investment advisor. the management company, and extension, the holding company, responsible for compliance, licensing, partnering with banks, and working with legal advisors. holders bmc tokens are able register continuous contributors the platform via the platform's website. continuous contributors are able deposit bmcs depository wallet linked their account. register continuous contributor the holder bmc tokens can choose the role that she/he willing execute contributor the platform. the list available roles are publicly available the blackmooncrypto.com website and are updated needed reflect the current needs the platform's continuous development. one the main roles will that investment advisor. other roles will platform promoters, investment analysts, legal advisors, public auditors, advisors, etc. each role has specific minimum and maximum amount bmcs that can deposited continuous contributor while executing such role. the minimum limit will mostly applicable investment advisors (please refer the "contribution investment advisors" section below). the majority roles not have minimum deposit limit. continuous contributors have the right participate "members-only" discussions regarding the platform strategy and development plan. least once year needed, the platform will initiate vote among the continuous contributors gather opinions the contributing community strategic development matters. the results such voting will not binding but will strongly considered the operational management. continuous contributors from time time confirm the execution their roles the platform keep their status and depository wallets active. the process the status confirmation will specified for each role. blackmoon page whitepaper: the blackmoon platform important because current regulatory uncertainty and before additional information publicly released the platform the matter, green card holders the united states citizens residents (tax otherwise) the united states america singapore, other u.s. singapore persons, are not eligible register continuous contributors therefore preventing transfer their bmc tokens depository wallet receive proceeds from them. such time, blackmoon will evaluate the currently applicable legal framework and take all required steps ensure compliance. continuous contributors who not execute their roles appear violate the rules applicable for continuous contributors (i.e. appear u.s. singapore person) may have their status recalled, depository wallet closed, and their deposited bmcs will transferred the holder's personal wallet without accruing any proceeds. important note that continuous contributors will receive only proceeds from the funds they contribute to. participants the continuous contributor program not need wait for the company reach breakeven awarded. all continuous contributors regardless their role will awarded bmc tokens. participants the continuous contributor program will have the option convert accrued bmc tokens eth via bancor protocol account. roles continuous contributors might differ from fund fund, the roles available will subject the funds needs and each role will have its own life span (expiration date). meaning that not all roles last for the same period time. the case certain role expires (i.e. fund completed their fundraising stage) redemption fees, explained the section below might accrue for long term thereafter other active roles. for those roles which expire rewards will accrued the initially registered bmc account. important notice: the participant does not redeem bmc tokens within half year months) the accrual additional bmc tokens will suspended and the unredeemed tokens will repossessed the platform. blackmoon page whitepaper: the blackmoon platform sources proceeds for continuous contributors sources income for investment advisors the blackmoon tokens, bmcs, provide proceeds continuous contributors who deposited bmcs depository wallets follows: investment advisors working with the blackmoon platform earn income follows: creation fee management fee from the amount the issued asset tokens. average .%. this fee will paid investors the fund directly. the management fee averages per annum paid daily. redemption fee the performance fee paid either monthly quarterly yearly upon exit from investment based the fund distribution policy, and average from the fund's performance. calculation the fund's performance audited and published the blackmoon platform and cannot different from the one that used for income distribution among holders the asset tokens. all investors fund who choose redeem their asset tokens will pay fee for this type operation. the fee redemption will depend the asset token redeemed. all redemption fees will stated the fund's info-window and might subject change. continuous contributors can hold their bmc tokens special depository wallets linked their accounts receive their share proceeds proportion the amount bmcs deposited the continuous contributor the total amount deposited bmcs. only bmcs held such manner receive the proceeds. this discourage transferring the proceeds exchanges, holders that not contribute the platform operational manner, other unrelated parties. tokens stored exchanges transferred other wallets cannot receive proceeds. owners can withdraw bmcs from the depository wallets and sell them other parties any time subject applicable regulations the jurisdictions the purchaser and the seller blackmoon page whitepaper: the blackmoon platform performance (or success) fee contribution investment advisors qualified investment advisor the blackmoon platform, asset manager must (a) contribute the company and (b) hold specified number bmc tokens depository account. the amounts the contribution and deposit will case specific, but generally vary from bmcs. this increases the level partnership responsibility for the investment advisor the blackmoon platform and the final step the qualification process. another benefit this level participation and partnership with the investment advisors that forms foundation for future self-regulation the system. the fund structure the fund structure can differ from one case another. while will evolve new data becomes available, will overseen reputable legal counsel and summaries such reviews will published. fully compliant with applicable laws, each investment fund incorporated limited partnership another form suitable for the specific case the fund tokenizer domiciled the cayman islands comparable jurisdiction the only limited partner the fund. this tokenizer performs distribution the asset tokens attract fiat and/or crypto-currencies, then the proceeds are transferred the fund provide capital for future investments. all fund transfers will transparent and their tokens will continuously tradable provide investors with necessary liquidity, subject any applicable legal restrictions specific jurisdictions, such the united states and singapore. example this process shown figure below. figure example the fiat crypto investment fundraising process data amount tokens issued given exchange rate eur, investors fund tokenizer ltd asset tokens owners asset tokens b/eur blackmoon page whitepaper: the blackmoon platform sole eur/b exchange fund (f) llp eur/b eur/b assets example distribution the funds' income another important function the blackmoon platform the regular distribution fund income the asset token holders. this process shown figure below and illustrated follows: the proceeds are reinvested multiply the return the investors via compound interest. the proceeds are paid the investment advisor form performance fee. the proceeds are distributed among the asset token holders via buy-back process. this way, distribution income provides liquidity the asset tokens. bought-out tokens are burned that income will continue increase for the remaining asset tokens. figure example the distribution the fund's income eureureur reinvestment buyout applications and asset tokens assets eureureur interest fund (f) llp investors fund tokenizer ltd eur asset tokens owners eur eureureur eur exchange performance fee investment advisor blackmoon page whitepaper: the blackmoon platform bought out tokens burn the amount asset tokens decreasing income one asset tokens increasing technology the blackmoon platform applies blockchain technology create, manage, and govern tokenized investment vehicles and the platform itself. the platform operates ethereum-based smart-contracts. overview the smart contracts blackmoon platform technology has two-level infrastructure: tokens tools bmc tokens receive income from blackmoon platform for those registered continuous contributors and performing certain roles platform development. asset proxy funds' tokens that relate the investment activities the respective funds. exchange asset interface others this combination tokens and tools allows the investment process remain flexible accommodate the wide diversity the funds with various investment mandates and structures that are available the blackmoon platform. blackmoon page whitepaper: technology blackmoon platform base contract the blackmoon platform base contract covers base roles (contract owner, team member, advisor, holder) and interfaces asset proxies, exchanges, bmc token and asset tokens. the platform contract holds the deposit wallets' logic based asset proxies. each asset proxy ecr-compatible contract and implements interface between the depository platform wallet with income, and external addresses such exchanges eth wallets. bmc tokens bmc tokens are implemented token-as-a-currency instruments and receive proceeds from the blackmoon platform continuous contributors. bmc tokens are connected the platform via the platform asset and asset proxy interfaces. asset tokens contract the asset tokens contract made specific contracts that govern the investment vehicle structure, fees, and assets. implemented token-as-a-currency instrument and receives distributions from the corresponding fund's capital appreciation. each contract connects and interacts with the platform via the asset interface. roles contract owner (bmc owner), holder, advisor holder's fees structuring fee: once promotion fee: once maintenance fee: daily based annual transaction fee: per each transaction based the rule applicable the asset token advisor's income management fee: daily based annual performance/success fee: monthly/quarterly/yearly based bmc platform asset token related rule platform exchanges platform exchanges hold the exchange rates (bmc-eth, for example) and provide holders with the ability transfer their bmc tokens from the platform. platform exchanges support major cryptocurrencies, such btc and eth. other types tokens well compatibility with fiat currencies are contemplated. blackmoon page whitepaper: technology blackmoon tools interfaces blackmoon offers two main interfaces, aimed toward two types users. the fund issuer administrative tool designed for investment advisors and asset managers; and the token holder's analytical interface designed for fund investors. fund issuer administrative tool token holder's analytical and management interface this tool the comprehensive fund management system that acts one-stop solution. covers all the aspects running the tokenized investment vehicle and provides the investment advisor asset manager with access the blackmoon platform and legal infrastructure. this system enables the investment manager to: the blackmoon investment interface provides tools for investment portfolio structuring and management well holistic view the available investment opportunities and the fund's historical and current investment performance. the interface allows the investor to: pick and order the legal structure the fund, including the incorporation the investment vehicle, opening the bank account, and more. analyse and pick investment opportunities from the list options that are available the blackmoon platform. determine the structure the smart contract for the asset token, including income distribution and redemption methods. structure the investment portfolio and allocate capital desired assets. perform the distribution the asset tokens. track and report investment results. distribute income between the token holders. upload necessary documents, reports, and other related data. this tool allows investment advisors and asset managers focus managing the investment for the benefit the token holders while blackmoon takes care all the rest. track the portfolio performance. drill down get the decomposition and verify the investment results. submit tokens for redemption participate the distribution the fund's income. download reports and export necessary analytical data. this investment interface based the institutional grade investment interfaces created blackmoon financial group. other products the fund issuer administrative tool and the token holder's analytical interface are only the tip iceberg visible the users. behind the scenes all the development the technology and smart contracts, api integrations with the financial institutions, clearing operations, reporting, and intensive work the legal track. blackmoon page whitepaper: blackmoon tools interfaces leadership team oleg seydak ilya perekopsky lead for all operations and key strategic decisions for the company key contributor corporate partnerships, managing and promoting relationships with investors co-founder flint capital, venture capital firm that pioneered alternative lending europe. former managing director finam global venture fund former and cco vk.com, the largest european social network ilya remizov sergey vasin lead for all development projects and personnel lead for managing cooperation with investment targets, finance personnel, and business development founder ceo chief technology officer cto for years nanosemantics, leading for speech recognition. played instrumental role open-source development, specifically php/ chief operating officer former investment director flint capital with focus alternative lending investments. holds cfa charter felipe lema vorobey moshe joshua leads the company's marketing and efforts responsible for all technology architecture, design and development and entire project lifecycle pr&marketing director former senior brand marketing manager for coca-cola and qiwi electronic payments. former head marketing department carprice.ru andrey retinskiy chief design officer leads visual design company's products and services, supervises design staff has years experience product design. creator blackmoon's official imagery branding blackmoon co-founder page whitepaper: leadership team chief product officer moshe joshua has been providing innovative software solutions and tools for host novel and unconventional companies for over years. moshe has developed high frequency arbitrage systems trade cross-border securities markets the us, brazil, india, dubai, singapore and europe blackmoon's leadership team has proven track record entrepreneurship, financial technology, product development, venture capital, asset management, cryptocurrencies, and legal structuring moscow london limassol blackmoon page whitepaper: leadership team advisors oskar hartmann artem tolkachev investor, serial entrepreneur. member board directors alfa-bank jsc, largest private commercial bank russia. founder and president kupivip (leading online fashion retailer luxury brands) and carprice second largest online used car marketplace that raised million usd series funding round. artem head legal for tech group deloitte cis, well chairman the blockchain community russia. vasyl latsanych moe levin vice president major markets veon. board member veon sixth largest mobile operator the world, with over million customers worldwide (serves the world's population). veon's revenue exceeded billion usd. veon capitalization this day exceeds billion usd. former vice president marketing and board member jsc mobile telesystems largest mobile operator russia and cis, european communications cmo the year ceo keynote, global technology conference company which has been responsible for over $mm investments into cryptocurrency blockchain startups. co-founded the first accredited blockchain academy. sits multiple government councils the uae, france, netherlands, and belgium, and works closely with regulators and banks promoting the use bitcoin and blockchain technology. board member unsung, hacking homeless hunger. nicolas tranter john hyman founding director bibbsworth ltd, company providing advisory services institutional asset managers. executive gordian knot, fca regulated asset manager based london. nick has been focused the asset management industry for over years, covering many the world's largest asset managers, hedge funds, insurance companies and sovereign wealth funds. nick started his career jpmorgan, and has held senior roles managing director sales and coverage morgan stanley, bnp paribas and hsbc. partner ondra partners, leading corporate finance advisory boutique. john has years experience investment banking and asset management. john has spent the bulk his career morgan stanley, where held variety senior roles, including global head capital markets, and was member the firmwide management committee. has also held senior roles head equities cheyne capital, one the europe's most prominent hedge funds, and was also chairman and ceo renaissance capital, leading emerging market focused investment bank. sebastian stupurac co-founder wings, successful community engagement, social promotion and smart contract facilitation platform and one the only working dapps the ethereum blockchain. previously crypti, sebastian big believer cryptographic solutions and blockchain technology, which has been involved since sebastian has vast experience decentralized solutions, information systems, and management. blackmoon page whitepaper: advisors our partners blackmoon bancor protocol standard for new generation tokens smart contract blockchains. "smart tokens" offer continuous liquidity and automatic price discovery through the world's first autonomous market makers. the bancor platform and liquidity network will allow anyone create, manage and trade smart tokens. the project's token generation event broke industry record raising june target global international firm with over million assets under management and offices san francisco, berlin and moscow. target global focuses primarily fast-growing digital-enabled and smb companies e-commerce, fintech, travel, software and mobile. flint capital international venture capital fund investing across us, israel and europe. a&nn investments investment holding with focus russian market, founded pursue friendly acquisitions businesses with good fundamentals, growth perspectives and apparent exit opportunities. today, after almost years, a&nn investments investment firm with more than billion assets under management and thousand people employed companies comprising the fund's portfolio. deloitte provides industry-leading audit, consulting, tax, and advisory services many the world's most admired brands, including percent the fortune group-ib global leader preventing and investigating high-tech crimes and online fraud. the company has been operating since fusing its experience and threat intelligence into eco-system highly sophisticated software and hardware solutions monitor, identify and prevent cyber threats. group-ib products and services are used global clients, including fortune companies the us, western europe, middle east, asia and australia. group-ib threat intelligence highly ranked gartner, forrester, and idc. page whitepaper: our partners the fund focused artificial intelligence/machine learning, enterprise software, cyber security, mobility (technologies for vehicles and transportation infrastructure), networks/marketplaces. arendt medernach the leading independent business law firm luxembourg. the firm's international team legal professionals represents clients all areas luxembourg business law, with representative offices dubai, hong kong, london, moscow, new york and paris. service clients differentiated the end end specialist advice the company offers, covering all legal, regulatory, taxation and advisory aspects doing business luxembourg. a&m advises international and domestic clients all areas business law relevant their business activities, ranging from fund formation, banking, insurance, private equity and real estate corporate and tax matters. blackmoon page whitepaper: our partners harneys leading international offshore law firm who provides advice british virgin islands, cayman islands, cyprus, bermuda and anguilla law diverse international client base which includes the world's top law firms, financial institutions, investment funds and private individuals. key areas practice include investment funds, banking and finance, dispute resolution, insolvency and restructuring, corporate and commercial, trusts and private client. debevoise plimpton llp premier law firm with market-leading practices, global perspective and strong new york roots. the firm employs lawyers offices across three continents. debevoise among the leading law firms the world. nearly their partners are recognized chambers, the legal iflr. www.blackmooncrypto.com