abstract proof stake's security has proven itself over years testing. advances this technology blackcoin's proof-of-stake have solved the issues faced with coin-age, block reward and blockchain precomputation. the protocol robust and keeps nodes connected the network. disincentives inactive nodes. this paper will highlight and outline the advantages and perform security analysis the system. also outline ideas here blackcoin potentially increase security further. introduction cryptography has managed change the way finance and money defined. recently the advent bitcoin[] has showed how peer-to-peer network can prevent forgery solving the "byzantine generals problem." since then many different coins have been created based bitcoin's open source code. there are two major methods for generating new funds the network. the first "proof work" and the second being "proof stake". the theory behind proof work hold mathematical competition. the first computer solve the puzzle receives the coins. this makes distribution coins completely fair process. however, this also creates problem wasted energy. computers order compete, create and arms race hardware. thus, money and energy wasted generate new coins. proof stake competition between shareholders, where based connectivity the network and random chance, you can receive new coins. interest generated based how much you hold. this solves the energy waste problem bitcoin and introduces new challenges network security. here blackcoin, would like write technical analysis the advantages this protocol and honor our predecessors, discuss potential improvements and pitfalls. proof stake was first implemented "peercoin"[]. later, major breakthroughs proof stake were made blackcoin namely, "proof stake ."[] and "proof stake .". have implemented the proof stake system because believe the worlds most secure and efficient method coin generation. will outline and highlight the great security this system and the technical problem solved. ii. security, coinage and attacks the whole purpose holding competitions for coins avoid attacks. confirmation transactions honor given the winner block. however, this system can gamed, then flawed. proof stake, you first prove you have access coins and from that point you can compete win blocks randomly. the more people competing the more secure the block. coin age the idea that the longer you hold coins the higher the probability you can win block. it's original intention was incentive dormant holders coins. however, this does not encourage node stay connected the network practice since they can wait for the reward increase. also, shareholders can disconnect from the network for long periods time, then reconnect and win enough blocks risk attack the network. the time calculation will effect payouts discouraging connectivity. also, the fewer the nodes that are connected, the easier gain majority the blocks forging consensus. also, stakes can computed advance make the attack more effective. timestamps are used proof stake get general idea time. drift calculations are used prevent forging erroneous timestamps. proof work, difficulty increase decrease made depending how quickly block was produced. however, precautionary method prevent any sort "timing attacks" proof stake coins use centralized checkpoints. iii. all problems have solution coin age coin age calculated the weight unspent coin and the time they have been dormant. the calculation simply "proofhash coins age target" the proof hash the hash obfuscation sum that depends stake modifier, the unspent output, and the current time. the attack saving coinage was previously outlined improbable[]. the reasoning behind this because very difficult perform consecutive double spending since coin-age would reset after the first expense. however, this not entirely clear because input can split into outputs. this may give the possibility for consecutive double spend attacks. however, this still difficult problem because the attacker would need significant amount funds hold weight greater than the network. theory, this makes sense. however, look the amount forks blackcoin and other popular pos systems, can see the amount nodes are fairly low and this gives much greater weight smaller handful nodes. holder many coins may not want perform this attack since they run the potential losing value their share detected. however rational this may seem, probably fallacy because still attack vector and very real one indeed. more importantly, with many coins being published daily, keeping many nodes connected possible imperative security. solution from proof stake remove coinage from the equation "proofhash coins target". blockchain precomputation the block timestamp key the proof stake system. possible theory fork coin changing previous timestamps. the stake modifier does not obfuscate the hash sufficiently prevent knowing future proofs. attacker can attempt compute all the blocks advance and run higher probability forge multiple consecutive blocks. solution from proof stake the stake modifier changed every modifier interval better obfuscate any calculations that would made pinpoint the time for the next proof-of-stake. the expected block time was increased from original seconds match the granularity. past limit: time last block future limit: seconds granularity: seconds (effectively increased from second) expected block time: seconds block reward the block reward most proof stake systems unfortunately based coin age. theory, this distribute interest fairly allowing nodes receive latent payments due. attempt keep common apr. however, this system does not work because nodes can stay disconnected and with many split inputs, reconnect the network and game the reward system. also, does not give nodes any incentive stay connected. decentralized system, the more nodes connected the better the security since shifts trust from single entity the network itself. solution from proof stake the block reward was made constant coins per block. this was based proportional the supply coins maintaining interest iv. multisignature/cold staking the final noteworthy addition the protocol was the implementation "multisignature staking". one drawback many staking algorithms they only support staking with single key. since the popularity and use software such blackhalo[], which uses two party escrow system also known "double deposit escrow" and more secure dual key accounts, has become important allow these accounts participate securing the network. beyond dual key accounts there many other types inputs that make use psh and lock times and those must also allowed secure the network well. the other problem that single key account, hacker can use key loggers obtain your password and compromise your wallet while unlocked for staking. solution from proof stake allow users place the block signing key the output "a" known burn address they can stake sending standard transaction. this allows any input eligible for submission. this gives blackcoin huge advantage for custom staking software, voting and the legendary "cold staking". the "cold staking" technique involves multiple computers. basically when multisignature input eligible for staking, the signatures are split between many computers. this makes account virtually impossible hack because even single key was compromised, the other keys are completely different location either the local area network multiple servers. this technology already being implemented the latest release blackhalo. security analysis the elimination block reward based time was obvious improvement. thus, the amount nodes staking drops, yearly interest would increase proportional the disconnected nodes. for example, only /th the network was staking, you can expect times the reward! since many coins not have enough nodes, this great advantage even smaller shareholders. although statistical data all relevant coins would time consuming obtain, self-evident that there usually lot less than the shareholders staking. think this increase incentive will certainly keep the nodes more competitive. the change granularity was useful prevent "stake grinding". good analysis the probability this attack was done neucoin[]. their claim that even with all the hashing power the bitcoin network, the attack would not possible. however, rollback few minutes could cause new users the network unsure which chain join. therefore, proof stake systems use "checkpointing" which basically centralized control the main developer choose chains that attempt this. course, this not ideal solution. there was good proposal made ethereum[] for this. they proposed that new node the network asks other nodes "off-band" they are indeed the correct chain. using our decentralized markets, possible can get nodes share this information periodically. the solution will require further investigation. the additional removal coin age general secure decision. possible perform hybrid system checking popular time servers well help calculate drift and require nodes keep closely synchronized with general consensus time. addition other random factors based the blockchain itself may also consideration. vi. conclusion one the most secure proof stake systems the world being used here blackcoin. also have several candidate solutions and ideas for improving security further. here blackcoin, take your security seriously. have done everything possible maintain anonymity, keep many nodes connected possible, guarantee decentralization and mitigate all attacks. decentralization was the original core ideology bitcoin, although feel this ideology has not been completely maintained. the entire purpose secure and fair financial system place control the hands the people. proof stake has the economic advantage over bitcoin because does not waste electricity generate new blocks, nor does create unfair competition for new coins. and now with the incentive stay connected, shareholders get greater benefits across the board. references satoshi nakamoto ~~~ bitcoin: peer-to-peer electronic cash system. bitcoin.org, sunny king, scott nadal ~~~ peercoin: https://peercoin.net/assets/paper/peercoinpaper.pdf, pavel vasin ~~~ proof stake http://bravenewcoin.com/assets/whitepapers/ blackcoin-pos-protocol-v-whitepaper.pdf, https://www.blackhalo.info/ kourosh davarpanah, dan kaufman, ophelie pubellier ~~~ neucoin: the first secure, cost-efficient and decentralized cryptocurrency: http://www.neucoin.org/en/ whitepaper/download, https://www.ethereum.org/