introduction blakecoin written bzyzny february th, revision table contents: credits ......................... pg. introduction ................. pg. benefits ....................... pg. links ............................ pg. credits: bluedragon creator and main developer blakecoin kramble developer blakecoin fpga added blakecoin support eliopool and compatible cgminer vorksholk smolen ported reaper for blakecoin melnikalex initial port cgminer for blakecoin knorrly added blakecoin support abe block explorer know this list far from complete, will try add everyone who deserves credit. you believe you deserve recognition have suggestions for who does, please message bitcointalk.org. thank you everyone who has contributed blakecoin, would not what today without your help! most the information this document from various sources, simply organized into this document make easy for new users get started with blakecoin. introduction: what blakecoin, and why should you care? there are already plenty new alternatives bitcoin, why need one more? this important question, will best answer it. will start with the basic specifications and some background information, and then continue with more detailed explanations. blakecoin specifications blake- hashing algorithm billion total blakecoins, generated over approximately years block reward inflation (very small amount inflation; based block height and current difficulty) halving decrease block reward minute target block time difficulty adjustment every blocks hour) block maturity blocks (plus block buffer) blakecoin the first cryptographic currency utilize the blake- hashing algorithm for its proof work (pow). this algorithm was one the sha- finalists and was chosen for several reasons. although was not the winner the sha- competition, blake- has properties which make better suited for use crypto currencies than keccak and the other candidates. please refer the "benefits" section for more details. bluedragon launched blakecoin october th, was pre-announced and there was premine. originally mining was cpu only, but shortly after launch, gpu mining and fpga mining became possible. for the first several weeks, only solo mining was possible. however, the eliopool and mpos pool software has been ported support blakecoin and there are now handful pools available. development the tools and software related blakecoin has been gradual but steady because quality control has been primary focus the developers. presently the blakecoin ecosystem reaching level maturity that provides strong foundation for future development and widespread adoption. while blakecoin general use crypto currency, bluedragon also working infrastructure allow blakecoin used currency ecosystem for online video games. any online video game would able adopt the system, creating micro economy for gamers. imagine being able make money from gaming withdrawing the money you earn the game, being able make micro payments for digital goods games consistent manner. there are many possibilities with this kind system. since blake- relatively non resource intensive, possible mine blakecoin the background while playing video games doing other tasks your computer without causing significant performance loss. benefits: there are several benefits that blakecoin provides and will try outline them here. much effort and research was put into designing blakecoin well rounded and practical for widespread and long term usage. summarize, blakecoin efficient, focused the long term, balances transaction speed with network security and performance, supports merged mining, and provides fair and adaptive incentives for miners. the source code based closely bitcoin .., but several changes where made make blake- the core hashing algorithm. blakecoin did not make many major changes aside from the hashing algorithm since stability and security are paramount. bitcoin has been thoroughly tested and proven very secure and stable, introducing experimental and untested code blakecoin was avoided much possible. however blakecoin differentiates itself from bitcoin significantly using improved hashing algorithm and using unique parameters for difficulty adjustment and block rewards. the hashing algorithm blake- was chosen for proof work because has several qualities which make ideal for use crypto currencies. energy efficiency primary advantage; mining blake- uses roughly less electricity than sha-d and roughly less electricity than mining scrypt. blake- also capable generating considerably more hashes per second than most, not all, other hashing algorithms. this advantageous for crypto currencies because the law large numbers, which probability theorem. simply put, the more hashes per block, the more likely that the block will found near the target block time. also helps pools more accurately reward miners for their percentage shares. the blake- algorithm also advantageous because simplified and parallelized design. this means that highly efficient gpus and fpgas, and when asics are made for blake- also will highly efficient. the idea that asic resistance important for crypto currencies has become widespread, however based fallacy. the premise that asics are expensive and therefore make mining impractical for the average person. however, the production asics inevitable coin becomes popular enough, the case with litecoin. although scrypt did good job stalling the creation litecoin asics, they are soon released. the properties that made scrypt asic resistant are now the same properties that will make scrypt asics exorbitantly expensive. therefore the end, trying make coin resistant asic implementation only serves make more infeasible for the average person mine once asics are produced. this why blakecoin has been designed asic friendly. the simplistic nature the blake- algorithm makes easier and cheaper implement silicon, when blake- asics are manufactured, they will considerably less expensive and also considerably more power efficient than sha- scrypt asics. gpu mining excellent because provides the flexibility mine just about any coin, but ultimately test bed determine which coins are good enough warrant production dedicated hardware. one more advantage blakecoin this regard that due it's support for merged mining, the efficiency asic would compounded since will possible mine multiple coins once. the block reward system unique blakecoin, the first have the foresight continue giving incentive miners far into the future. the total amount blc (blakecoin) mined will billion, which seems like lot until you take into account that will take hundreds years mine them all. while may unlikely that this type technology will used that long, blakecoin allows for the possibility. the inflation rate very small, but provides incentive for miners continue mining even when the difficulty increases substantially. the base block reward constant help provide stable economy and network. halving the block reward causes shocks the market and the network hashrate, which can bad for the long term viability coin. reasonable that your first reaction may be, "why would blakecoin have inflation, the advantage crypto currencies that they are deflationary?". important point out that the inflation rate very small, and almost negligible. presently the inflation added each block around .blc. the inflation based the current difficulty and current block height. it's purpose reward miners for continuing mine long term and provide incentive continue mining even when difficulty increases substantially. rough estimate for the inflation added each block years would less than blc (for total block reward blc), assuming the difficulty would around million (about the current difficulty). this system will help smoothly ease the transition for miners difficulty increases, rather than causing sudden and large drop coins earned. bluedragon also considering placing cap inflation, that even the difficulty skyrockets, the inflation will not dilute the market. like everything else about blakecoin, designed for long term stability. many the newer crypto currencies have target block times near minute less, but blakecoin uses minute target block time for several reasons. well known this point that block times less than minute tend cause issues like more orphaned blocks, problems with network synchronization, and bloated blockchains. the minute target was also chosen because provides higher security since requires more effort perform attack than networks with faster block times. finally, order for merged mining other blake- based coins work, the block time blakecoin must greater than the block times the merged mined coins. this means that any merged mined blake- coin can have block time minutes less. support for merged mining primary focus blakecoin, because another way increase efficiency. the division mining resources, which prevalent the scrypt coin community, detrimental for several reasons. each network competition, and therefore must supply their own hashing power. this results each coin network being significantly less secure than the hashing power multiple coins where combined. merged mining reduces the duplication work and increases security for all the coin networks that mined together. this also beneficial miners since you not have choose only one coin mine, you can mine several once. this significant advantage since can difficult know which coin will most profitable. conclusion, there are numerous benefits blakecoin that make unique and innovative. this overview far from complete but should provide good starting point for people interested learning about blakecoin. will continue add more information and generally improve this document, please remember check for newer revisions. links: blakecoin official website: http://blakecoin.org main blakecoin thread: https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=. blake algorithm info: https://.net/blake/ blakecoin pools: http://eu.blakecoin.com http://ny.blakecoin.com https://blakecoinpool.org blakecoin exchanges: https://www.atomic-trade.com/ https://c-cex.com/index.html