white paper table contents blitzpredict white paper what blitzpredict? problem solution aggregator liquidity smart contracts analytics community tournaments ii. syndicates blitzpredict token token economy use funds timeline legality competition risk factors team advisors what blitzpredict? blitzpredict global platform under development applying fintech solutions provide function and liquidity users blockchain prediction markets and sportsbooks. blitzpredict aims bring the power blockchain technology the mass consumer via streamlined products. blitzpredict's aggregator will ensure that users will always get the best odds available the market any given time. blitzpredict's liquidity reserve will ensure that users can get paid immediately the conclusion event. blitzpredict's smart contract tools will allow our users interact seamlessly and effectively throughout the market. value propositions: constantly aggregate data from prediction markets and sportsbooks always provide our users with the best odds available the market for given event. where and when legal, provide liquidity users multiple prediction markets and sportsbooks. with blitzpay, our method provide instant payouts upon completion event, users won't have wait for sportsbooks transfer winnings reporters verify results blockchain prediction markets. where and when legal, provide smart contracts allow our users automatically execute wagers placed with sportsbooks and prediction markets when certain criteria are met (e.g. bet eth when new england patriots are trading below). incentivize expert contributors work within our community advanced predictive models. build products accessible the consumers who aren't currently using blockchain-powered products. blitzpredict white paper problem traditional sportsbooks are centralized authorities. users must deposit money, while earning interest and tying funds for long periods time. although wagers get graded nearly instantly (so users can keep betting), cashouts can take days even weeks process. addition, the sportsbook collapses and defaults, there recourse for users reclaim their money. blockchain prediction markets solve the issue trust, but liquidity remains major issue. prediction markets like gnosis and augur may take week grade wagers and resolve contracts. money tied contract can't deployed, hurting users' bankroll growth. setting accounts multiple sportsbooks find the best lines smart practice. however, the process scanning various sportsbooks find the best line time-consuming. this process, combined with the liquidity issues discussed above, leads bettors spend time doing monotonous, inefficient work, with fraction their working capital available. sports analytics fragmented. sportsbooks, betting syndicates, sports teams, and other entities wall off their internal analytics departments and don't share information with each other. different analytics groups compete independently toward the same goal, instead cooperating. addition the below market rate salaries that sports analytics jobs generally offer, there community where experts and enthusiasts can participate and rewarded for their contributions. sports betting "experts" aren't held accountable for their predictions. experts can lie about their track records and claim they bet numbers that never existed. being successful sports betting tout more exercise marketing than accurately predicting the results events. blitzpredict white paper addition issues with sportsbooks and prediction markets, there are security and design challenges the blockchain space general. potential users are intimidated the onboarding flow and the challenges keeping their information safe and secure. money tied contract can't deployed, hurting users' bankroll growth. solution blitzpredict aggregator sportsbooks and prediction markets. constantly refreshing the odds like stock market ticker, ensure our users will always get the best odds available for given bet. blitzpredict streamlines the process make prediction markets simple navigate traditional sportsbooks. blitzpredict will provide suite smart contract tools for our users better interact with sportsbooks and prediction markets. users will able set smart contracts execute when specified criteria are met. the goal bring the power advanced betting syndicate's tools our users. our aggregator and liquidity reserve will ensure our users always get the best odds and receive guaranteed instant payouts are implementing the bancor protocol further provide liquidity and low rates for our users. users will able instantly exchange tokens without needing use exchange find buyer. our aggregator and liquidity reserve will ensure our users always get the best odds and receive guaranteed instant payouts more waiting days even weeks for withdrawals hit. will incentivize sports analytics experts contribute our platform and work with them create powerful predictive models. models will tested publicly and predictions must made using actual odds available the market that time. experts must stake xbp support their picks and models. over time, the most successful models will receive the most support from the community. will develop secure, streamlined implementations blockchain protocols onboard casual users partner operations. our goal bring users with previous blockchain experience the low-vig, high-volume options the space, and deliver beautiful, easy-to-use experience. blitzpredict will also establish reserve provide liquidity for bettors and traders. where and when legal, users will able use blitzpredict tokens (xbp) immediately collect successful wagers made with sportsbook prediction market. blitzpay (instant, guaranteed cash outs) can activated wagering with xbp using xbp convert completed wager blitzpay ticket. users can earn rewards staking xbp support the blitzpay reserve. blitzpredict white paper aggregator prediction markets sports books the blitzpredict aggregator will constantly pull updated lines from sportsbooks and prediction markets, delivering them our users streamlined format. instead displaying "new england buffalo +," users might see "new england buffalo where the odds for this game are coming from two different sources. users will have the option viewing prediction market contracts through either american decimal odds. e.g. new england trading gnosis, users viewing american odds would see new england (accounting for the vig). scenario where the best odds for new england traditional sportsbook are users using the aggregator would see the option and able place their bet gnosis. the aggregator will extremely customizable but the main premise ensure our users always get the best line available for event. users will able store their information order quickly engage with any sportsbook the aggregator, whether they have account there not. users can bet through smart contracts, make traditional deposits, use blitzpay ensure immediate payment. aggregator blitzpredict white paper liquidity where and when legal, xbp can used wager partner sportsbooks and platforms. any wagers made using xbp will have blitzpay automatically activated waiting for payouts upon completion the event. users betting other currencies (usd, btc, eth, etc.) will able use xbp activate blitzpay after event completed. blitzpredict's reserves will publicly audited and verifiable independent third parties. blitzpay can only activated when there enough the blitzpredict reserves cover the wager. anytime blitzpay activated, tokens are removed from the reserve tokens can't double-spent. build track record prompt payments. vendor reaches its cap the maximum blitzpay reserve active once, then blitzpay will not available with that vendor until the debt paid down. will encourage partners adopt smart contract betting solutions where both the vendor and the user enter into smart contract agreement that resolves immediately upon completion the event. addition, will encourage open, auditable finances can increase the portion the blitzpay reserve available for that vendor. blitzpredict will buying and selling xbp maintain our reserve. when user activates blitzpay, will pay him immediately from our reserve. then, when blitzpay contract gets paid the vendor (sportsbook prediction market), will purchase tokens replenish the reserve. addition our reserve, blitzpredict users will able earn rewards staking xbp support the liquidity pool. blitzpredict will implement bancor token relay provide added liquidity for our users, allowing them instantly purchase liquidate xbp exchange for any other token the bancor network. prices are calculated the smart token buys and sells will use the same current price. sportsbooks can take weeks pay out wagers and even default completely their obligations. users can activate blitzpay ensure that they receive their winnings immediately upon completion the event. will track payment times from all partner operations and our formula for pricing blitzpay will change depending the expected wait time and chance default partner operation. vendors that prove customer deposits are kept segregated accounts will have access larger blitzpay reserves, along with those that blitzpredict white paper more advanced users can benefit from applying the kelly criterion. the kelly criterion proves, there are many times where paying slight vig for immediate liquidity results faster bankroll growth. given discrepancies the marketplace, it's common for the best odds for each wager series wagers found different sportsbooks prediction markets. therefore, it's important that user always has full access all sportsbooks and prediction markets. tying money with one entity unresolved contract can cause the user miss out future +ev wagers, resulting suboptimal bankroll growth. addition added liquidity, blitzpredict users will able incorporate proper kelly betting strategy into their wagering strategy with our suite advanced betting tools. smart contracts smart contracts can power some the best use cases for blockchain prediction markets and sportsbooks. users can set smart contracts automatically execute wager when certain criteria are met, bet alongside the expert their choice, escrow with sportsbooks for immediate payouts, and store information for immediate transactions the marketplace. xbp will used activate smart contracts. wagers made xbp will automatically have smart contract functionality enabled. case partner with sportsbook allow for users wager through smart contract with the sportsbook. both the user and the vendor escrow funds smart contract, and the winner receives all funds immediately the completion the event. case user signs for package picks from expert. the user then enters some xbp into smart contract escrow and links wallet another payment option for the wagers. any time the expert recommends bet, the user's smart contract automatically executes the same bet for the user sportsbook prediction market, using the linked payment information (users specify the amount they want wager per bet e.g. unit eth"). the expert wins over the course the package, receives the user's xbp based how many units were won. loses, the user returned all his xbp. case user sets smart contract bet line reaches certain number. e.g. the current best line the patriots the user sets smart contract with the function "bet patriots better." the smart contract then executes the line hits any sportsbook prediction market. being deployed several different vendors due volume restrictions. users can also sign for live betting packages, including recommended hedging opportunities. users can also set smart contracts automatically bet whenever certain model recommends bet certain roi better. the blitzpredict model aggregator can utilized this fashion well. users can store their personal information easily sign for various sportsbooks and store their payment information (fiat crypto wallet) easily deposit and/or exercise smart contracts when their terms are met. anytime the expert recommends bet, the user's smart contract automatically executes the same bet for the user sportsbook prediction market, using the linked payment information the event large wagers smart contract syndicate betting, the smart contract may end blitzpredict white paper analytics community sports analytics fragmented. analytics are walled off various sportsbooks, betting syndicates, sports teams, and other entities have their own analytics teams and don't share information with each other. this fragmentation results inefficiency where various tribes are independently working solve the same problem. e.g. sports betting syndicate and sports information site are all trying build nfl model in-house, with outside collaboration. sports analytics popular, but there community where enthusiasts can participate and rewarded for their contributions. also, sports betting "experts" aren't held accountable for their predictions. experts can lie about their results claim they made bet numbers that were never available the public. deliver quality sports analytics consumers, are building platform that will incentivize sports analytics experts and enthusiasts share their models and picks, and contribute community projects. users must spend xbp access expert's information. turn, experts will earn xbp for providing access their information. over time, the market will reward quality predictions and avoid inferior information. predictions experts users tokens blitzpredict white paper will provide community for both sports analytics enthusiasts well users who are interested accessing the information. experts who contribute the platform will rewarded based how popular their predictions and models are. all predictions will time-stamped and must made using actual odds available the market forging records. experts must stake certain amount xbp list their picks submit model. this will help increase the quality contributors and help prevent abuse like automating expert profiles, relying variance produce few profiles with outsized returns. therefore, imperative that experts have "skin the game" alongside the users they are providing information to. there strong consumer demand for quality sports analytics, but, due the myriad walls built this space, along with the general lack accountability (it's easy lie about one's record), it's difficult, not impossible, for consumers access quality information. will pair our tech team with the sports analytics community, using machine learning analyze the data produced develop powerful consensus models along with our own proprietary models. the resulting analytics will delivered consumers via streamlined products. tournaments blitzpredict will use portion the company's xbp holdings sponsor tournaments where users can earn free xbp. some tournaments will only available users who agree lock certain amount xbp over specified timeframe. will also sponsor tournaments, where experts can share their models over certain duration (e.g. nfl season) and rewarded for accurate results. community members wishing encourage development models certain disciplines can also choose sponsor tournaments escrowing xbp awarded the most accurate predictions over that timeframe. example blitzpredict offers contest for week the nfl season, only open users with holdings least xbp for least the previous days, awarding xbp the users with the most accurate predictions against the spread. the most accurate predictor receives xbp, the second most accurate predictor receives xbp, and on. example blitzpredict creates contest, awarding xbp the most accurate models over nfl season. the tournament will run our demo environment and each participant will given play chips wager with. each week, the models will test the outputs their models against the blitzpredict aggregator. experts can use kelly other betting strategies and the end the season, the prize pool will awarded the winners. example user wants access powerful nhl model and wants incentivize experts work together create one. the user agrees escrow xbp smart contract, and reward the winner bounty for the best model. this top-heavy payout structure could incentivize multiple nhl experts combine their models and work together toward receiving the reward. also, users with shared interest model's development can pool resources run tournament with larger payout attract higher caliber expert. syndicates users will able back syndicates the blitzpredict platform. syndicate will comprised expert group experts. similar hedge fund venture fund, experts with proven track records will able solicit contributions from token holders looking profit from investing winning sports bettors. experts will able set parameters including min and max fund size, betting strategy, and distribution strategy. all expert predictions will recorded the blockchain and publicly verifiable potential investors will able verify the track record the expert they are considering investing with. there precedent the united states for such funds: sports betting hedge funds can legally exist nevada, solicit investors from all over the world, legally place bets nevada sportsbooks, and share the profits with their investors. blitzpredict white paper blitzpredict token the xbp tokens will used access certain features of, and reward contributors to, the online platform once developed and operation. they not represent equity other interest the business blitzpredict. blitzpredict does not intend create secondary market for trading xbp tokens and they should not considered investment. blitzpredict will create ,,, blitzpredict tokens (xbp) erc tokens. blitzpredict will never create more tokens. xbp will offered for sale the public. unsold tokens will burned. the xbp tokens are not backed any physical other assets. xbp (%) seed round xbp (%) xbp (%) strategic partners token sale xbp (%) advisors xbp (%) liquidity reserve xbp (%) pre-token sale billion blitzpredict tokens (xbp) xbp (%) future hires. year vest, year cliff. xbp (%) held blitzpredict. year vest, year cliff. xbp (%) blitzpredict team. year vest, year cliff. blitzpredict white paper token economy tokens will used implement various functions the platform. addition, tokens can staked support various functions the platform. when user expert makes bet partner site xbp, blitzpay will automatically activated and the user will receive his winnings immediately upon conclusion the event. the user expert bets fiat currency (or btc, eth, etc.) they will have the option activate blitzpay after event spending xbp. smart contracts can activated using xbp. users can use xbp activate smart contracts to: automatically execute wager when certain criteria are met, enter smart contract with sportsbooks for immediate payouts upon completion event, automatically bet expert's recommended wagers. users can use xbp purchase information from experts, and automatically execute contracts alongside expert's predictions. blitzpredict white paper experts must stake xbp order submit their picks models. experts can earn xbp from users who are interested accessing their information. blitzpredict will develop its own models and offer consensus the best-performing models its platform. users can access these models with xbp and blitzpredict will share the proceeds with contributing experts. users must stake xbp enter certain tournaments. users can support the blitzpay reserve staking xbp enhance liquidity. experts must stake xbp track and share the records their models picks. revenues will allocated the operation blitzpredict's business, strategic partnerships, community projects and tournaments, and the liquidity reserve. when user expert makes bet partner site xbp, blitzpay will automatically activated and the user will receive their winnings immediately upon conclusion the event. use funds security (%) operations (%) development (%) legal (%) marketing (%) blitzpredict white paper timeline these are our primary milestones but the order which accomplish them will depend market forces, partnerships, the regulatory environment, and feedback from our community. will update the community with progress towards these milestones and solicit community involvement aligning our goals with the market evolves. addition traditional sports, will look expand into esports, crypto markets, politics, and other markets that our users support and the blockchain prediction markets serve. quarter launch live production platform operating the public blockchain. will include the smart contracts surrounding the flow information from experts users. begin strategic hiring for future development. quarter launch sportsbook and prediction markets aggregator. release beta platform featuring the liquidity pool and smart contracts surrounding automated betting behavior. quarter activate liquidity pool and implement smart contracts surrounding automated betting behavior legal jurisdictions where have regulatory guidance. quarter implement machine learning database analyze the data that passes through our platform. begin community modeling projects with our network contributors. quarter beyond continue scale our tech and operations teams and expand partnerships with prediction markets and sportsbooks. blitzpredict white paper legality given that blockchain and sports betting laws can vary wildly between countries, imperative follow the laws each jurisdiction blitzpredict operates in. certain functions the platform, like interacting with sportsbooks and betting with smart contracts, may not available all jurisdictions, such the united states. there lot momentum for legalized sports betting and there are several reasons why the united states federal ban (paspa) might overturned soon: nfl ratings are down, subscribers are fleeing espn, advertisers want engaged viewers during live events (no fast-forwarding), government may see 'win' additional revenue, the majority citizens already support legalized sports betting, the past and present nba commissioners, and owners such mark cuban publicly support it, and several states (ca, de, md, mi, nj, ny, pa, wv) are pushing bills legalize sports betting and/or repeal paspa. most importantly, the supreme court has agreed hear nj's challenge paspa. operating the light will advantage for the network effect our platform. experts can contribute without fear the u.s. government shutting down the project. blitzpredict will positioned access large pool sports bettors and analytics enthusiasts when sports betting legalized the u.s. blitzpredict will obey all laws and sec guidelines, along with all laws each jurisdiction operate in. blitzpredict white paper "we are entering perfect storm interests among broadcasters, among owners individual sports teams, have what's clearly been years failed law," geoff freeman, president ceo the american gaming association competition there aren't currently any direct competitors but there are several indirect competitors and anticipate additional groups coming into this space well. one the competitors blockchain prediction markets will likely arbitrage syndicates groups that look buy contracts discount provide liquidity customers that don't want wait receive their funds the traditional payout timeframe. the notion arbitrage foreign most bettors, and plan offer simpler mechanism for our users achieve liquidity. there shortage touts and affiliate sites the sports betting space. there real accountability touts can misstate their records and some affiliate sites manipulate data create inaccurate records. fractured market rife with misleading statements "experts," blitzpredict plans bring accountability sports betting with time-stamped predictions against real market odds. requiring experts stake bpz order submit their picks models should help guard against fraud and abuse. most traditional affiliate sites, like covers and sports insights, tend have web-based, early generation platforms. they currently have communities contributors but way for them get rewarded. aggregators like oddschecker have regional focus and not include blockchain platforms. ultimately, our success will determined the strength our platform and personnel, network, predictive models, and the diversity the markets that address. it's important note that prediction markets like gnosis and augur, well sportsbooks and other betting vendors, are not competitors. our goal drive business these platforms and open them users who may not otherwise use them. these companies succeed, will blitzpredict. plan collaborate with these companies with the common goal bringing blockchain technology the masses. blitzpredict white paper risk factors develop and manage online aggregator with smart contract functionality. there are several risks associated with the advance purchase the xbp tokens, including the following: the development the platform will adversely affected members its software development team not continue participate its development. the xbp tokens will have value the platform not completed. purchasers the xbp tokens the pre-sale will receive the xbp tokens upon completion the anticipated public sale. the xbp tokens will only provide the right use the platform once completed. the platform not completed if, when completed, the platform does not operate planned, the xbp tokens will have value and the holders the xbp tokens will receive refund. the xbp tokens are not backed any physical other assets. the proceeds received from the xbp tokens will used blitzpredict pay salaries and fund the development the platform and all other blitzpredict expenses and will not held escrow. sportsbooks and prediction markets may block access their platforms. the success the platform will depend upon blitzpredict's ability access the sportsbooks and prediction markets necessary provide the information users the platform. there assurance that the blitzpredict platform will have access those platforms. blitzpredict and its management have history operating online aggregator and their experience may inadequate unsuitable manage the aggregator. the development the platform depends the continued participation blitzpredict's software development team. the withdrawal one more members that team could adversely affect the development the platform. blitzpredict will need funds develop the platform addition the proceeds expected from the private pre-sale the xbp tokens and there assurance that blitzpredict will able sell additional tokens for that purpose. blitzpredict will need funds develop the platform addition the proceeds expects receive its initial private pre-sale. while blitzpredict expects raise those funds from public pre-sale and public sale january there assurance that will able successfully raise those funds. token sales have come under malicious attack from hackers and other parties resulting the theft tokens. token sales have come under malicious attack resulting the theft tokens and substantial losses platforms and the purchasers tokens. blitzpredict and its management have history past performance managing online aggregator like outlined this white paper. while blitzpredict has successfully developed and deployed its dfs mobile application, that indication its ability blitzpredict white paper team advisors team advisors brett richey eyal hertzog david carley dave rogers patrick young hartej sawhney chris bergstrom phil hellmuth erik mikkelson brad libson anthony hurtado richard belsky, ceo cto senior software engineer software engineer backend devops director business development co-founder, bancor ceo j.d. capital, inc. co-founder, hosho.io professional poker player pink sky capital tech/gaming entrepreneur mark herberholz expert sports gaming technology blitzpredict white paper