whitepaper april th, general warning this document does not constitute offer invitation sell shares, securities rights belonging bcd any related associated company. none the information analyses described this document intended provide basis for investment decision, and specific recommendation made. this document does not constitute investment advice invitation invest any security financial instrument any nature whatsoever. this document does not constitute form part of, and should not construed as, offer for sale subscription, invitation buy subscribe securities financial instruments. bcd expressly disclaims any liability for any direct indirect loss damage any kind arising directly indirectly from: (i) any reliance the information contained this document; (ii) any error, omission inaccuracy said information; (iii) any resulting action that may brought. also invite you read carefully the terms and conditions bcd its. bcdiploma general warning content the bcdiploma project state play number degrees issued worldwide the fake diploma market job boards degree certification: the current offering how does bcdiploma meet the school's expectations? bcdiploma concept evidenz ecosystem operational specifications crypto algo the founders business model the business model strategy the initial token sale the ecosystem bcdt's token the initial token sale tokens' sale: settings its's completion tokens distribution how are going use the funds terms and conditions references bcdiploma content the bcdiploma project the ultimate goal bcdiploma certify diplomas the simplest, most secure, and sustainable way possible, associating ethereum technology with high level cryptography. edtech experts and higher education specialists, know the expectations schools this domain. facing the falsification their diplomas and increased competition, they are ready offer their graduates innovative digital service protect their image. bcdiploma develops dapp for institutions higher education enable them issue their degrees ethereum. bcdiploma allows the graduate, throughout his life, prove the authenticity his diploma providing simple url. competitive solution, durable, unfalsifiable, compatible with social networks, simple use, perfectly adapted the uses higher education. schools have not yet adapted certification standard? offer them. once put production for schools, what future for bcdiploma, solution developed blockchain certified data (bcd)? bcdiploma the bcdiploma project bcd will have inexpensive, fast-running open source ecosystem created, order deploy on-chain registries while respecting the right personal data ethereum. these on-chain registers are usable all daily basis: they read smart-contract certified data. it's general application ethereum: each and everyone can prove single click that well qualified, doctor, holder driving license... the fields application are numerous: professional competences certifications, registers regulated professions, internal business registers, administrative registers... ethereum, its scalability, technically ready store registers large scale: want develop the framework and make the use dapps daily action for everyone. accompany this project make step towards world which will all trust the data issued the institutions. state play number degrees issued worldwide more than million students graduate every year from higher education throughout the european union[]. almost million college students (colleges and universities) graduate the united states each year[]. nearly million university degrees were awarded china []. the oecd calculated that its member countries, well those the will bring total nearly million graduates aged tertiary education compared with million []: china: (about million graduates); india: (about million graduates); united states: russian federation: the linkedin social network exceeded the million registered very large majority them have several diplomas their profiles. the fake diploma market have you ever searched "fake diploma" google? just give try before you read the following paragraph! it's well-established matter fact, constantly relayed the media: the fraudulent use fake diploma, made-up qualifications resumes and social media hard fact impacting schools, graduates and employers. this problem has been addressed the news many times. bcdiploma state play yahoo!'s former ceo[] scott thomson, melania trump[] the us: scandals are constantly emerging. "in france, applicants use fake diploma. this number similar the united kingdom. according the official organism charge diploma authentication, (...) the applicants lie about their qualifications." two markets, the first one being the edge the law, the second one being clearly illegal, are taking advantage this trend: diploma mills degree mills selling real diploma from schools that don't exist, having more than thin physical reality[]; professional websites selling high quality replica diploma. order counter the phenomenon, societies have popped "verify" degrees afterwards and check their authenticity: verifdiploma riskadvisory are some examples this. job boards two main trends can identified the education and recruiting market nowadays: the job market's needs and recent amendments show that the tendency yields towards more flexibility. result, short-term contracts are increasing, volatility the workforce rising and the recruiting process needs adapt. companies need recruit more, faster and decentralized and automated way; new actors are emerging from this tendency: job boards (linkedin, monster, indeed) are platforms operating global market, which strive answer the need speed, automation and specialization. major risk also emerging from these tendencies: the falsification data sent applicants. this major issue for companies who rely the veracity data provided their employees. this major issue for the actors the educational and training system, which have defend their integrity. bcd here offer them the perfect solution. degree certification: the current offering despite very active edtech sector these last years, standard was ever adopted large scale answer the question diploma certification. historical competitors the historical competitors, like certainsafe, relying digital safes, have been proven inefficient curbing the prevalence forged degrees. they have failed conquer the market degree certification. their weaknesses are structural: they are too centralized and proprietary, easy hack and their code closed-source. their sustainability depends the survival the competitors themselves. addition that, their fee schedule complex and challenging calculate how much storage will cost over the years. bcdiploma state play blockchain competitors some promising blockchain experimentations emerged: first one the holberton school, and second initiative the esilv france. blockchain competitors have also tackled this issue: ledgys, keeex attores for example. their approach identical: store imprint the documents the blockchain. the method can guarantee the authenticity the document initially "hashed", doesn't answer several problems: the identity the sender not proven, and the authenticity data not certified: how sure that the hashed diploma the original one, and that was really issued the school? the regulation the right forgotten might also violated. indeed, the document shared, the hash indelible, and the document stays forever recognizable. sony recently revealed its will commercialize blockchain application secure and share school's credentials. they chose private blockchain (partnering with ibm) and proprietary software, which the opposite the bcd's vision. want open source system based transparent public blockchain, but secured one search engines will not able find use any data. how does bcdiploma meet the school's expectations? first all, bcdiploma brings solution concrete and relevant problem that schools' departments struggle with. the number higher education institutions keeps increasing and competition fierce amongst them. each one these schools yearning for stronger reputation and for better quality services for their students. the diploma's certification issue every director system's mind. easy implementation within schools, and administrative services charge issuing diplomas are looking for easy and practical solutions use. bcdiploma offers "turnkey" dapp, which will allow schools issue diplomas simple data upload. doing so, schools: avoid complex document management, which necessary today implement the current blockchain solutions (issuance digital "original" document, storage, hash); don't have handle digital safes and their access anymore. with bcdiploma, the only element the graduate needs access his diploma matching url. safety, reliability and trust schools have deal with the issue their data's safety, especially with long-term storage. bcdiploma's encryption algorithm, associated with data storage ethereum, ensures level reliability and safety that doesn't exist the current market; the blockchain technology creates trust between the various players: protocols are clearly defined and the existing rules are always respected and checked. sustainability choosing long-term, reliable service without depending provider major challenge for schools. while using bcdiploma, schools cannot lose their diplomas' data any longer, they are stored ethereum; bcdiploma uses open source systems called dapps: data's access and dapps' use are guaranteed the schools without any time limit. bcdiploma state play recurring costs long-term cost management paramount for schools. compared the other market players, bcdiploma highly competitive. there monthly plan maintenance cost but only one payment per diploma; deemed more convenient the schools, bcdiploma offers "all-included" service, called saas, billed after the fact usd eur. economies scale alumni employees constantly solicit schools regarding copies' issuance diplomas' certificates. thanks bcdiploma these issuances can automated and externalized. schools will save much time and energy. personal data's protection schools must respect the regulations privacy and personal data. bcdiploma complies with the essential principles set the general data protection regulation (gdpr) and was created so: won't possible for the bcdiploma solution operators use collect data; the right forgotten regulation could implemented. digital innovation attractive and competitive, schools are looking for digital innovations serve their graduates practical way and improve their reputation. thanks bcdiploma, alumni can use their diploma's url linkedin and other social media, without any time limit; bcdiploma gives schools "technological pioneer" dimension. bcdiploma state play bcdiploma concept bcdiploma's solution has innovative approach: our opinion, the diploma's value based the data's authenticity rather than the document itself. this why bcdiploma will store the specific data directly the ethereum blockchain. evidenz ecosystem the evidenz framework implement bcdiploma, bcd going develop and operate open source framework[] called evidenz. evidenz allows deploying on-chain registers for diplomas the first place, well for any kind data. has been conceived respect the regulation data privacy (gdpr[], well the right forgotten). the legal opinion written alain bensoussan avocats lexing law firm (bcdiplomalegal opinion september th, nathalie plouviet) underlines how bcdiploma's tools and methods constitue approach which respectful the gdpr. evidenz has been conceived store small, important and/or permanent data, such diploma, civil status certificate nomination the national medical council, etc. evidenz certifies data using innovative approach: the data's issuer systematically identified and verifiable; the data itself stored ethereum and thus cannot modified any longer; sharing the data the responsibility the graduate, employee citizen belongs to; the data can made indecipherable deleting the associated persistence key. bcdiploma bcdiploma concept run evidenz, the ethereum blockchain the obvious choice. allows: optimal safety level due its large deployment and its irreversibility. the transparency public blockchain, necessary for users trust it, particularly with the open source smart contracts. vast ecosystem and many improvements come, particularly regarding scalability. architecture evidenz blocks have three levels classification: on-chain: smart contracts smartvalidation, smartidentification, smartpublication; web: dapps crypto app and reader app, with secured web access; off-chain: keystore[]. smart publication smart identification issue diploma issue school identity certificate smart validation ensure school's identity has been verified upstream "on chain" crypto app crypto algo encrypt diploma's data issued school and push them seed contract encrypt decrypt reader app use url read, decrypt and format diploma's data "on web" school persistence keystore "off chain" the dapps interact with the ethereum blockchain and are working exclusively with the smart contracts guarantee verified data. dapps are open source systems, that the clients the solution can deploy themselves. the persistence keys are stored the keystore, which belongs organizations sharing data with evidenz. this keystore guarantees the implementation the right forgotten regulation, which, according the gdpr, mandatory, worldwide. bcdiploma bcdiploma concept decentralized deployment saas our goal develop open ecosystem, which will technically independent from bcd. this will allow to: encourage big institutions adopt and thus create the on-chain register standard; guarantee permanent access the encrypted data stored ethereum even bcd longer exists. the evidenz framework has been designed for decentralized deployment. schools which choose run themselves, will operate independently and will benefit from dapps' support and improvements. this the institution's preference, bcd will offer "all-inclusive" service, called saas. our firm will manage their keystore, proxy, within totally secured environment. doing so, bcd takes major challenge: making schools use the ethereum blockchain, allowing them buy service commercial conditions which fit their standards. focus the data's size the data's size sent bcdiploma key factor. the cost the ethereum transaction when diplomas are sent varies mostly because that. indeed, sending data via ethereum's transaction burns off gas[] and the miners' wage has considered. the amount gas spent execute the transaction proportional the volume data sent. choosing data storage directly ethereum over regular approach (on-chain hash[] off-chain document storage) bcd's dna. this type storage guarantees unchangeable data that can't hacked and not limited time. believe this the least you can ask secured register. the evidenz's architecture was conceived take advantage this particularity. the amount significant text data diploma limited and often redundant from one diploma another. using optimized algorithms reduce the amount data per transaction, evidenz pools, structures and zips data. thanks the excellent ethgasapi, this architecture combined with efficient use gas price, maintain low cost when diplomas are sent from crypto app. near future, believe ethereum upscaling capacities: metropolis[], pos[], sharding[]. evidenz will take advantage all them and costs will constantly optimized. text data size (bytes) encrypted/ encoded size (bytes) safelow price (eth) gas price gwei safelow price (usd) gas price gwei fast price (eth) gas price gwei fast price (usd) gas price gwei normal large diploma size timeline the development the evidenz framework will begin three months after the end the its. the context the incentive programme, will implement the solution the partner schools. bcdiploma bcdiploma concept operational specifications url code ethereum diplom url code smart contract certified diploma higher education institution smart contract certified identity the school has create ethereum validator guarantees the school's identity upon the school's request, third party, which call "validator", vouches for their identity ethereum, there can't doubt about the ethereum address used share the diplomas. the validator ethereum actor deploying the smart contract smartvalidation. the matter legal entities' proof identification ethereum subject that will encourage the emergence benchmark players. order build trustworthy open ecosystem, need these players act validators. when bcdiploma launched, bcd will the first validator the ecosystem and will the necessary verifications ensure the reliability everyone involved and the actual existence the school: banking information and physical address, e-reputation, trade and company register number (rcs), duns number, intra-community vat number, and authorization issue diplomas. come plan introducing more ehereum's players act "validators". bcdiploma bcdiploma concept get "id certificate" the school must proceed with the implementation smart contract smartidentification. the latter allows to: check via smart contract smartvalidation that the validator has checked the school id; publish the school's "id certificate" the transaction data without encryption. the school's certificate proof the diplomas' authenticity the certificate includes the following information: the school's name, the characteristic features the diplomas that are issued, the url the corporate website page which the ethereum address will published and the url the web server hosting reader app. this certificate serves two purposes: diploma will shared and only the certificate valid. school will able use expiration date necessary, using smart contract smartidentification option; when diploma being checked, the certificate will prove "clear text" (i.e., directly readable via etherscan[]) the school's id, proof that can cross-checked the publication the school's corporate website its ethereum address. the school will put the encrypted diplomas ethereum via crypto app the steps the schools have follow are simple: send the diplomas' data via crypto app (uploading the file the api[]) and confirm the encryption and sending request ethereum. these two actions are performed cypto app, first, and then the smart contract smartpublication. smart publication smart identification xbcd... diploma data xbcd ... datas are encrypted through crypto app and crypto algo datas are send ethereum for each diploma issued, the smart contract smartpublication will: check the school's certificate validity; publish the encrypted diploma the transaction's data. bcdiploma bcdiploma concept the end the process, crypto app will: generate and store the persistence keys safe location: the school the owner these keys; send, secured way, the url read the issued diplomas; send completion report the school; erase the entirety the processed data (process memory). the graduate receives the url access the diploma each graduate will receive, secured way, the url access his her diploma. this url cannot retraced from the ethereum's transaction. however, you cannot access the diploma without it. the graduate the only custodian the url and sharing his responsibility. decides wants share social media send third party upon request. the graduate wants assert his right forgotten, the school will have destroy the persistence key after verification the graduate's id. reader app, any other bcd' app, won't able decrypt the diploma any longer. third party can access the diploma via reader app the graduate gives his diploma's url company university recruiting manager... this url, redirecting the user towards the reader app's server, allows him to: see the diploma, which will have been designed based pattern set the certificate and decrypted reader app; access the certificate (directly via etherscan for example) order check the sender's and web server's authenticity, more specifically the matching ethereum's address the school and the exact url the web server hosting the diploma seeing. the certificate will also searchable the corporate website the validator. bcdiploma bcdiploma concept crypto algo centerpiece the product, the cryptographic protocol has been conceived bcd and meets the highest standards required. thanks tailor-made architecture, executes the project's core principles: compliance the right forgotten, control the data access, and the guarantee that the data won't stolen. you can check the technical specificities the crypto algo protocol the white paper's appendix. reader app diploma's url diploma's number diploma's key diploma's number intermediate key diploma's persistence key hsm derivation diploma's key aes gcm school permanent key ethereum address certified diploma encrypted diploma school keystore even you have access the "persistence keys" table, you cannot decrypt the data without the hsm's access, which holds the masterkey. and even you have access these two keys, you still need the "diploma's key", which the diploma's url; the only persistent aes key the masterkey, however isn't enough decrypt the data. when necessary, the aes keys every diploma can generated derivation (during the encryption when the diploma seen) and deleted immediately after usage; the url read the diploma doesn't allow find the matching ethereum's transaction build oracle obtain information. order so, wrong url used, the server will send back error the client without revealing any information. locally, detailed log will generated the server for analysis purposes; the deletion diploma's persistence key the "persistence keys" table will permanently prevent the decryption the data associated with that key, without impacting any other data. bcdiploma bcdiploma concept the founders luc jarry-lacombe ceo the product owner tech editor for the higher education system. expert the education system. associate professor mathematics, director "preparatory school" (classes preparatoires aux grandes ecoles), and consultant the pan-european business school, escp europe. "my goal give bcdiploma ux/ui dimension the company can the challenging task conquering the higher education market. know its actors and standards perfectly well." vincent langard cto the technical director erp editor for the higher education system. software architect and backend developer for open source technologies, has been developing and integrating tech solutions higher education schools' information systems for more than years. "security, reliability and performance will priorities bcd's lead developer, order make bcdiploma the baseline solution educational institutions". full team, partners and advisors available www.bcdiploma.com bcdiploma the founders business model bcdiploma's solution will deployed ecosystem composed three types players: the diplomas' issuers (universities, business schools, engineering schools, etc., professional training companies), the international jobboards (linkedin, indeed, monster co) and their users (graduates from around the world and employers). the business model our first clients will the diplomas' issuers: universities, schools, professional education institutions, and institutions delivering attestations such toeic, sat graduating moocs. our main partners will the jobboards and the players the recruiting field. seeing the diploma will free for all; our service will free for the graduate, the employee the citizen, without any time-limit; for our clients, the unit cost for issuing degree will competitive compared the actual players, who use "digital safes"; the payment for issuing diplomas will tokens bcdt constant fiat price (usd) through the smart contract smartidentification. bcdiploma develops "all-included" saas service, allowing the clients directly billed usd eur: then, bcd handles the acquisition the tokens behalf its client; there will recurring cost, nor subscribing conservation costs. the long run, the total cost (issuing and conservation) degree will significantly less than that the actual players using "digital safes". bcdiploma business model strategy will launch our application and offer the education and recruiting market's leaders, primarily europe. our goal for the first year gain worldwide legitimacy publishing the diplomas' history the top schools every continent. incentive budget that meets all the above-mentioned issues will support this goal the tokens' sale amount). will see the launch massive marketing campaign conquer the diplomas' certification market europe, north america and the brics members. the meantime, europe, will take hold the skills certification, professional certification and professional registers' market. being global market player, will have reached the necessary scale enter the massive market administrative registers. europe administrative registers professional registers europe america brics europe america brics global market rgpd ferpa competencies certifications diplomas number certifications including incentive program compliance bcd months roadmap bcdiploma business model the initial token sale initial token sale (its) event which project related cryptocurrency sells part its tokens early adopters and enthusiasts exchange financial supports. this process crowdfunding now acknowledged and standardized mean obtain funds destined the large-scale development product service, existing service construction service. the necessary funds launch our bcdiploma application will raised through ethereum-based crowdfunding. the ecosystem bcdt's token bcdiploma's goal become the point reference for diplomas' certification. our challenge today gain schools' confidence and patronage worldwide, and expand our services and offer them companies and administrations the near future. these institutions, public private, might not have "blockchain" knowledge. the first place, convince them, have offer product fitting their needs perfectly. also have ready offer billing system, which easy use and understand and meets their standards. the right way encourage schools use ethereum daily basis bill them usd. what added value propose? the value created bcd will measured proportionally the volume on-chain data issued the institutions. the key-words the bcdt tokens ecosystem are: trustless and automation. the unit cost issuing diploma will measured bcdt tokens constant fiat (usd) prices. the bcdt eth usd rate will updated regular intervals the smart contract smart identification decentralized exchange bot guarantee the issuer this fixed unit price fiat (usd). protect the issuer from the variability the bcdt token, the issuer will "buy", wants to, "number diplomas issued", thus limiting transactions bcdt tokens for users the eco-system. more precisely: bcdiploma the initial token sale for each certificate, the smart contract smart identification stores variable "number diplomas issued"; the creation the certificate smart identification smart contract, this variable initialized (i.e. offered diplomas"), order facilitate the adoption the product; subsequently, the issuer values the "number certificates issued" variable his certificate sending bcdt tokens the smart contract smart identification. the time this transaction, the issuer knows the unit price bcdt tokens diploma yet issued; the same operation, the smart contract smart identification burns the equivalent bcdt tokens paid for "diplomas issue", manufacturing fee. this rate increased during the first three years activity support the token price: long the set tokens burnt does not exceed tokens minted; then long the set tokens burnt does not exceed tokens minted; then long the set burned tokens does not exceed tokens minted. bcd reserves the right change this rate later date more than tokens minted have been burned; when issuing diploma via the smart contract smart publication, the "number diplomas issued" variable decreased one. the bcdt token therefore application token "reload" the "number diplomas issued" school. such, has every chance being placed large number exchanges and not being constrained the securities legislation. the initial token sale during this its, the token offer will called "bcdt token". compliant with the erc- standard. presale will start december detailled timing will available www.bcdiploma.com. during the its, the ethereum (eth) will the only accepted currency buy bcdt tokens. the contribution's address will unveiled www.bcdiploma.com. bcdt tokens will available the investors' wallet immediately and will transferable days after the end the its. the tokens' distribution will happen exclusively through bcdt token's smart contract. its source will provided. the total amount raised during bcd's its below the softcap, the investors will get the totality their contribution back. these rules will fully followed bcdt's token smart contract. bcdiploma the initial token sale tokens' sale: settings the hardcap (maximum funding goal) equal the softcap (minimum funding goal), either eth. unsold tokens will burned. time the its: presale will start december number tokens for sale: bcdt tokens; its' maximum sale revenues (hardcap): eth; its' minimum sale revenues (softcap): eth; eth bcdt's exchange rate: eth bcdt tokens. the total amount raised during bcd's its below the softcap, the investors will get the totality their contribution back. these rules will fully followed bcdt's token smart contract. incentive program: depending the its stage, bonus bcdt tokens will offered: presale: bonus. the softcap rule includes presale; first round: bonus. second round: bonus. presale and all rounds managed smartcontract, contributors have whitelisted through kyc. more information www.bcdiploma.com. its's completion the its will end when all the tokens are sold, and, failing that, after the second round over. if, the end the its, the minimum sale revenues isn't achieved, the totality the funds raised will refunded the bcdt's buyers. if, the end the its, the minimum sale revenues reached, then the smart contract the bcdt token will proceed the issuing the saved tokens. those tokens will allocated the community and the bcd team, according the proportions described below. the tokens allocated the bcd founders will blocked during one year. bcd will not create any new bcdt tokens after the bcdt initial token sale. bcdiploma the initial token sale tokens distribution our goal guarantee bcdt token distribution wide and fair possible. based token sale eth: initial bcdt tokens' sale offering: bcdt; bcdt tokens set aside: tokens minted; bcdt tokens allocated community members promoting bcd, including team, excluding founders: tokens minted. the allowance will bcd's sole discretion; bcdt tokens allocated bcd's founders: tokens minted. bcdt token repartition token minted incentive community founders one year vesting bcdiploma the initial token sale sell during its (,,) how are going use the funds implement bcd's strategy during the first months (see the "strategy" section), plan use the its' tokens sale revenues follow: application's development: the revenues generated the tokens' sale marketing and business development: the revenues generated the tokens' sale incentive campaign: the revenues generated the token's sale. bcd's goal publish, every continent, the diplomas the most important schools, offering them incentive program the task. this program will the object massive marketing campaign toward: the education field players; graduates; recruiting field players (linkedin, head-hunters, job search tools); reserve: the revenues generated the tokens' sale will kept long-term savings; its expense: the revenues generated the tokens' sale will reserved for its advisors bounties, workers bounties, legal and charges refund; general expense: the revenues generated the tokens' sale. bcd lean, cost-effective start-up and will continue the future. budget allocation eth raised incentive reserve application's development its expense general expense bcdiploma the initial token sale marketing and business development terms and conditions these terms and conditions (hereinafter "the terms") are entered into between the company blockchain certified data sas, with registered office avenue albert er, rueil malmaison, france, registered nanterre trade and companies register under number represented luc jarry-lacombe, duly authorized for the purposes herein, (hereinafter "bcd" "the company"), and the natural legal person using the company's services, (hereinafter the "purchaser"). article general provisions these terms apply fully and automatically all the tokens offered for sale bcd part bcdiploma initial token sale (hereinafter the "commercial operation" "its") towards its purchasers. clicking hereby certify that have read, understood and expressly accept bcd white paper and terms and conditions", the purchaser accepts and acknowledges that entering into binding contract with bcd and agrees abide all the provisions. the purchaser does not understand the white paper and/or does not agree with all the terms and conditions, should not participated this its, use bcd platform nor its services. bcd reserves the right change, modify, add remove any content the terms any time, for any reason. the purchasers shall review the terms periodically the purchasers will deemed have accepted these modifications soon they visit and use the website(s) following publication said modifications. all the details the commercial operation are available the following official website: https://www.bcdiploma.com. bcdiploma terms and conditions these terms prevail over all other documents issued either the purchaser bcd and, from their date entry into force, shall apply all purchases, and are deemed unconditionally accepted the purchaser. any derogation from the terms herewith will require the express agreement both parties. any other document (e.g. sales prospectus, quotation, presentation, etc.) therefore given for information only and shall not constitute contractual document that commits bcd, which may therefore withdraw modify such documents, without entitling the purchaser any compensation. this clause key requirement for bcd's consent. bcd reserves the right, with prior notice, for any reason, block, limit restrict access the website, whole part, temporarily permanently. bcd may not held liable for the website being unavailable difficult connect to, regardless the consequences for the purchasers. article eligibility and pre-requisites participation the its reserved for natural legal persons acting within the scope their professional activities. any natural person acting nonprofessional basis simple consumer within the meaning directive //eu relating consumer rights excluded from the its. participants cannot contribute the its there are applicable legal restrictions their country residence. the responsibility each participant know these laws regarding their participation the its. due legal restrictions, the its not accessible for any person (including legal entity) who considered "u.s. person", canadian, singapore chinese citizen. documents linked the issue bcdts may not transmitted distributed "u.s.person", canadian, singapore chinese citizen mail email address the united states america, canada, singapore people's republic china. prohibited transmit, distribute reproduce documents linked the issue bcdts for "u.s. person", canadian, singapore chinese citizen, within the territories the united states america, canada, singapore, and people's republic china whole part. ensure their eligibility for the purchase bcdt tokens, the purchaser declares that not canadian, singapore chinese citizen, nor "u.s. person", (within the meaning regulation the securities act u.s. law), i.e.: any private individual resident the united states; any partnership business organized established under u.s. law; any property which the executor administrator u.s. citizen; any trust which proxy american citizen; any agency branch foreign entity located the united states; any non-discretionary account similar account (other than trust property) held trader other trustee for the benefit behalf u.s. citizen; any discretionary account similar account (other than trust trust) held trader other trustee, that organized, established (if private individual) resident the united states; and any partnership company if: organized established under the law foreign jurisdiction; and formed u.s. citizen primarily for the purpose investing securities not listed under the u.s. securities act, unless organized established, and owned, accredited investors who are not private individuals, trusts properties. bcdiploma terms and conditions the sale tokens under this commercial operation reserved for experienced professionals who have in-depth understanding the nature the products and services they are purchasing, firm grasp the technologies which they are based (in particular blockchain), and who are fully aware all the associated risks described hereinafter. the purchaser solely liable for determining which legal, accounting, financial and fiscal conditions any nature required comply with order participate the commercial operation, accordance with the laws and regulations applicable his country residence. bcd may not held liable for the purchaser's filing obligations the country which domiciled. the same applies any tax charge that would payable the purchaser, relation the purchase, ownership, use passing his tokens. article information and knowledge bcd project and the commercial operation the purchaser adhering these terms, the purchaser expressly acknowledges having read and understood the white paper, bcd project and business model and been comprehensively informed about the commercial operation. the purchaser deemed fully aware all the legal norms and technical constraints relating the purchase, possession, functionality, use, storage, transmission mechanisms and intricacies associated with tokens and cryptocurrencies (like bitcoin and ether) based blockchain technologies, blockchain-based software systems, and the services offered bcd platform. the purchaser expressly acknowledges the random nature this its and bcd project presented this document and that this project may not come fruition may have abandoned due technical, legal regulatory constraints, without the bcdt tokens being used. article kyc procedure and contribution process the "know your customer" (kyc) procedure instrumental the prevention against money laundering and terrorist financing. obtaining information the identity and source the funds purchasers, bcd would like protect itself and protect bcd platform from being used conceal illegally-obtained funds. this the reason why purchasers and their ethereum address ("contribution address") will white-listed through kyc procedure. this kyc procedure will performed through the form provided the website www.bcdiploma.com. any contribution this its will accepted the its smart contract and only the purchaser's contribution address has been white- listed. for contributions strictly greater than eth, part the kyc procedure (hereinafter "kyc "), the following information and documents shall provided any purchaser willing access the its: (i) where the purchaser natural person (acting within the scope his professional activities): family name, first name, country and residential address, email address, nationality, card/passport scan, photo "selfie" which appear simultaneously the face the contributor and the registered card, address from which the funds will disbursed; (ii) where the purchaser legal person: organization/company name, headquarters registered address, scan business licence, tax identification number, address from which the funds will disbursed and for its legal representative: family name, first name, card/passport scan, photo which appear simultaneously the face the contributor and the registered card. bcdiploma terms and conditions purchaser shall then: declare that not canadian, singapore chinese citizen, nor "u.s. person"; tick the box hereby certify that have read, understood and expressly accept bcd white paper and its terms and conditions"; provide his contribution address; provide the indicative amount his contribution eth. each step needs followed and complied with the purchaser. bcd will then proceed with the kyc verification. once the purchaser's identity has been verified, his contribution address will added the its white list and bcd will send him message for the purchaser confirm and finalize his contribution the its. for contributions lower than equal eth, part the kyc procedure (hereinafter "kyc "), the following information shall provided any purchaser willing access the its: family name, first name, email address, address from which the funds will disbursed. purchaser shall then: declare that not canadian, singapore chinese citizen, nor tick the box hereby certify that have read, understood and expressly accept bcd white paper and its terms and conditions"; provide his contribution address; provide the indicative amount his contribution eth. each step needs followed and complied with the purchaser. bcd will then proceed with the kyc verification. once the purchaser's identity has been verified, his contribution address will added the its white list and bcd will send him message for the purchaser confirm and finalize his contribution the its. any case, bcd will not accept "anonymous purchasers" those using aliases, fictitious names false identity general. bcd may request from the purchaser additional information and/or documents evidence his identity and/or source funds ensure the accuracy the details they have supplied. the purchaser refuses provide such additional information documents, bcd may, its sole discretion, refuse the purchaser's contribution and may not held liable for such refusal. bcd may, its sole discretion, refuse purchasers who are (or may be) suspects being involved money laundering, any sort criminal activities, related drug trafficking, terrorism and organized crime. the same applies potential purchasers holding businesses that due the nature the business make impossible verify its legitimacy that the funds being inconsistent with their financial status. its address will made available the public www.bcdiploma.com. only purchasers that passed the kyc procedure described hereinabove will technically allowed make their contribution. once the purchaser's contribution address has been white-listed, the purchaser shall then provide the final amount his contribution eth according the threshold indicated during the kyc procedure (i.e lower than equal eth strictly greater than eth). the purchaser part the white list may make many contributions wants. the purchaser part the white list may make several contributions but any case, the cumulated amount his contributions will capped eth. failure for the purchaser provide the final amount his contribution eth the address specified www.bcdiploma.com, the purchaser will not able receive bcdt tokens. bcdiploma terms and conditions purchaser's contribution eth deemed irrevocably binding upon validation the final contribution the smart contract. from this date, contribution may longer cancelled amended. purchasers will then receive bcdt tokens. bcdt tokens will made available the purchaser's wallet immediately after the contribution and will transferable twelve days after the end the its. bcdt period validity, during which they can used, not time-dependent. tokens cannot deleted due both their strictly decentralized nature and the fact that, once issued, they are longer under bcdiploma's control. they would, any case, remain the property their owner. any event during the kyc procedure and contribution process, the purchaser shall notify writing bcd concerning any information likely impact its contribution directly indirectly (contactus@blockchaincertifieddata.com). failure this, bcd may not held liable any way this regard. article bcdt tokens the commercial operation involves the sale virtual tokens, referred "bcdt tokens" "bcdt"). tokens role and attributes bcdt tokens will provide their owners with access rights use the bcd platform (and its service), once has been designed, developed and deployed and provided that bcd platform operates permanent basis. the purchasers' attention therefore drawn the fact that purchasing tokens during the commercial operation does not confer automatic rights access bcd platform and service the future. bcdt tokens may not used before the effective implementation bcd platform. unless otherwise specified herein, bcdt tokens will not reimbursed the event that the bcd platform not ultimately developed, does not operate permanent basis. bcdt owners acknowledge that this significant risk that they accept. the purchaser acknowledges that fully aware that: bcdt does not represent investment financial instrument within the meaning directive //eu the european parliament and the council may relating markets financial instruments: bcdt token confer direct indirect right bcd's capital income, nor does confer any governance right within bcd; bcdt not proof ownership right control: control over bcdt does not grant the individuals any asset share bcd, the bcd platform. bcdt does not grant any right participate control over bcd's management decisionmaking set-up, over the bcd platform; bcdt not electronic currency within the meaning directive //ec the european parliament and the council september the taking up, pursuit and prudential supervision the business electronic money institutions: bcdt tokens are not accepted (and have use) outside the bcd platform and bcdt does not have fixed exchange value equal the amount delivered the time its issue; bcdt not payment service within the meaning directive (//ec) november relating payment services the internal market, nor within the meaning the (eu) directive relating payment services (dsp ndeg the european parliament and the council november the its does not involve the purchase/sale cryptocurrencies and bcd's business does not consist receiving currencies against the delivery cryptocurrencies; bcdt cryptographic token used the bcd platform issue diplomas. bcdiploma terms and conditions bcdt token issuance and distribution its timeline and instructions are posted the commercial operation website www.bcdiploma.com. bcdt tokens will issued technical process referred "blockchain". this open source protocol over which bcd has proprietary rights liability terms development and operation. the token distribution mechanism will controlled smart contract. this involves computer program that can executed the ethereum network blockchain network that compatible with smart contract programming language. the tokens will meet the 'erc' standard (https://theethereum. wiki/w/index.php/erc_token_standard), and will subject, inter alia, the operating conditions the internet computer network and the ethereum blockchain protocol. bcd has control, right liability over the operation the internet computer network and the ethereum network and protocol. the its will end and when all the bcdt tokens are sold after the second round over. if, the end the its, the minimum sale revenues indicated the white paper has not been reached, the totality the funds raised will refunded the purchasers (provided that the contributions process has been completed per the procedure explained hereinafter). if, the end the its, the minimum sales revenues has been reached, then the tokens will issued the smart contract pursuant article and distributed according the proportions described the white paper. bcd may not held liable any way for any feature that might affect the token distribution ownership the tokens sold, that might hamper the purchaser's ability use the tokens, including display the tokens electronic wallet compatible with the erc token standard, the assignment these tokens third party. the acquisition tokens transferring tokens crypto-currencies the smart contract comes under the purchaser's sole liability and will subject the terms and conditions the protocol and the ethereum network. bcdt tokens are issued under smart contract, bcd not obliged reimburse compensate any way any purchaser whose bcdt tokens have not been issued the smart contract for any reason. particular, the purchaser agrees not modify, interfere with, deactivate saturate, nor breach the security impair data integrity and confidentiality relation any service offered bcd. once issued, the tokens may assigned transferred third parties the purchaser, whole part, their sole discretion, return for payment free charge. however, the purchaser shall solely and fully liable for the conditions and consequences such assignment transfer the tokens their possession. particular, given that bcd will have control over such transactions, the purchaser may not claim against bcd for any loss their tokens due any error any kind that may occur during the transfer. purchaser shall not obtain use bcdt for any illegal purposes wherever the world, particular for money laundering and/or terrorism. the bcd cofounders warrant that they will not purchase bcdt their own its from any third party, acquire bcdt any manner, during the period the its. article limitations use prior any contribution, the purchaser acknowledges and accepts that bcdt tokens not, under any circumstance, represent any form investment financial investment and agrees not attempt divert the tokens function for speculative purposes. the purchaser acquires bcdt tokens primarily support the development, testing, deployment and operation bcd project, being aware all the risks associated with this project and commercial operation set forth hereinafter. the purchaser also agrees not use the commercial operation website, bcd platform, the issued tokens and, more generally, any content service provided the purchaser bcd that does not comply with the objectives and methods set out the white paper and/ these terms. under circumstances may bcdt token used for other services than those offered bcd platform. bcd solely responsible for deciding whether provide the service token owners, within the technical, legal, economic other constraints imposed third parties bcd itself its operations. bcdiploma terms and conditions article cancellation refund policy all purchases bcdt token completed pursuant article these terms are final. purchases bcdt token are nonrefundable. purchasing bcdt token, the purchaser acknowledges that neither bcd platform nor any other the bcd team parties are required provide refund for any reason, and that the purchaser will not receive money other compensation for any bcd that not used remains unused. besides, the tokens offered for deemed intangible property, having functionality other than the bcd service, guarantee attached following issuance. sale are value platform them final contribution confirmed the bcd website may subsequently canceled refunded. the purchasers acknowledge that they are fully aware that they will not entitled claim any full partial reimbursement under any circumstances whatsoever. article risks inherent bcd its the purchaser understands that bcdt tokens, blockchain technology, ethereum protocol, ether and other associated and related technologies are new and untested and outside bcd's exclusive control and adverse changes the technology, broadly construed, will excuse bcd's performance under these terms. risks inherent bcd project and commercial operation may various. mentioned hereinabove, the purchaser acknowledges that has been warned the following risks, that understands and accepts purchasing bcdt consideration these risks (which are not exhaustive). legal risk risk adverse regulatory intervention one more jurisdictions around the world blockchain technologies, cryptocurrencies and projects financing through cryptocurrencies have been the subject close scrutiny various regulatory bodies around the world, including within the european union and france. the commercial operation has been structured comply with law applicable the time the its. operation bcd platform and bcdt tokens may impacted the promulgation restrictive laws, the publication restrictive negative opinions, the issuing injunctions national regulators, the initiation regulatory actions investigations, including but not limited restrictions the use ownership digital/cryptographic tokens such bcdt, which may prevent limit the development bcd and its activities. this uncertainty significantly adds risks connected with the acquisition and use bcdts. given the lack crypto-currency qualifications most countries, each purchaser strongly advised carry out legal and tax analysis concerning the purchase and ownership bcdt tokens according their nationality and place residence. risks associated with the its documentation the white paper the only documentation that introduces bcd commercial operation and exposes bcd project. such documentation does not comply with any legal requirement there regulation the time the its. the purchaser acknowledges and accepts that the white paper may potentially contain inaccuracies, errors omissions and express bcd's opinions and forecasts. bcdiploma terms and conditions the its documentation has not been subject prior approval from any regulatory bodies such l'autorite des marches financiers (amf) france. risks associated with the ethereum protocol both bcdt tokens and the bcd platform are based the ethereum protocol. therefore, any malfunction, unplanned function unexpected operation the ethereum protocol may cause the bcd platform bcdt malfunction operate unexpected unintended manner. besides, the purchaser understands and accepts that upgrade split the ethereum protocol may occur the future (hard-fork) and that bcd has control over it. the purchaser may longer able use his bcdt and/ his bcdt may lose their functionality full. ether, the native ethereum protocol account unit may itself lose value similar way bcdt. for more information the ethereum protocol, please visit the ethereum website: www.ethereum.org. risk lack interest the bcd platform distributed applications there possibility that the bcd platform may not used large number companies, individuals and other organizations, and that there may limited public interest the creation and development distributed applications. such lack interest could have impact the development the bcd platform and, therefore, the uses potential value bcdt tokens. risk loss bcdt due loss credentials the purchaser can only access the bcd account using the credentials selected the purchaser. the purchaser understands that his credentials (and particular his private key) are lost stolen, bcdt associated with his account will unrecoverable and permanently lost. thus recommended purchasers store their credentials securely one more backup locations that are geographically separated from the work location and not share his credentials with anybody. there recovery mechanism for lost keys, bcd will not able help the purchaser retrieve reconstruct private key and/or provide the purchaser with access any lost bcdt. risk uninsured loss unlike bank accounts accounts other regulated financial institutions, funds held through bcd platform ethereum network are generally uninsured. present, there are public private insurance agents providing purchasers with coverage against loss bcdt loss value. non-release, software and technical risks some bcd platform features are currently under development. consequence, the purchaser accepts that the development may not succeed, that bcd platform may never released and operational, even though bcd makes reasonable efforts complete such platform, that the platform may subject software and/or technical risks, that features may never installed the platform. internet transmission risks the purchaser acknowledges that there are risks associated with using bcd platform bcdt tokens including, but not limited to, the failure hardware, software, and internet connections. the purchaser acknowledges and accepts that bcd shall not responsible for any communication failures, disruptions, errors, distortions delays the purchaser may experience when using the bcd website its website and tokens, howsoever caused. risk that the bcd platform, developed, does not meet purchaser expectations the bcd platform currently under development and may undergo significant changes prior its launch (for technical, financial, commercial, marketing, legal regulatory reasons). such, purchaser expectations concerning the bcd platform bcdt token may met the launch date. risks theft and hacking hackers criminal groups organizations may attempt interfere with the bcd platform the availability bcdt tokens several ways including, but not limited to, denial service attacks, smurfing, sybil attacks, malware attacks consensus-based attacks. besides, the bcd platform based open source software. there risk that third parties, may intentionally unintentionally introduce weaknesses bugs into the bcd platform, interfering with the use causing loss bcdt. risk capital loss capital invested bcd its not guaranteed. investing tokens entails significant capital risk, which the purchaser acknowledges and accepts. bcdiploma terms and conditions unforeseen risks crypto-currencies and cryptographic tokens are new, untested technology. addition the risks stipulated above, there are other risks that the bcd team cannot predict. risks may also occur unanticipated combinations changes the risks stipulated herein. article representations and warranties except expressly stated this agreement, bcd platform, bcdt tokens, including all functions thereof, are provided "as is" and/or "under development" basis, without representations warranties any kind whatsoever, express implied the extent permitted law, including, but not limited to, accuracy and completeness any information provided the white paper and/or these terms, merchantability fitness for particular purpose, that bcdt tokens are used and hold the sole risk the purchaser, that bcd platform, bcdt tokens and/or the underlying blockchain protocol will available uninterrupted and timely, will free from defects, errors and bugs, and/or will entirely secure. participating the its, the purchaser represents and warrant that he: authorised and have full power purchase bcdt according the laws applicable his jurisdiction; not canadian, singapore chinese citizen, nor not acting for the purpose speculative investment; will not use the its for any illegal activity, including but not limited money laundering and financing terrorism; non-performance, failure, malfunction unavailability bcd platform and services due third party, the purchaser, thirdparty product, the purchaser's breach its obligations; loss, disclosure unlawful fraudulent use user sign-ons the purchaser third parties; suspension access temporary permanent suspension bcd platform and services (in particular, arising from request issued administrative judicial authority, notification received from third-party); solely responsible for determining whether the acquisition bcdt appropriate for him and for seeking any tax, legal, accounting financial advice order participate the its; loss, alteration destruction all part the content (information, data, applications, files other items) hosted the infrastructure, insofar bcd not responsible for managing the continuity purchaser activities, and data backups particular; acquiring bcdt for future use bcd platform; mismatch between bcd platform and services and the purchaser's needs; understand the risks associated with the its (including the risks related the nondevelopment/non-release bcd platform and services); understand the use cryptocurrencies and its associated risks. security incidents relating use the internet, concerning particular the loss, alteration, destruction, disclosure unauthorized access the purchaser's data details via the internet; article limitations liability event will bcd liable the purchaser for incidental, indirect consequential loss damage, including any loss revenue, contracts opportunities failure realize expected profits savings, loss corruption any data, database software, decisions sanctions from regulatory body court. besides bcd shall not held liable for any the following: use bcd platform and services bcdt tokens that are not compliant with these terms bcdiploma terms and conditions damage systems, applications and other items installed the purchaser failure ethereum any other blockchain protocol smart contracts. article intellectual property bcd the licensee owner all bcd intellectual property rights existing prior the date this its. ownership any bcd platform bcdt tokens intellectual property know-how used, developed, created any documentation will vest with bcd all times. bcd grants the purchaser royalty-free, nonexclusive, non-transferable, worldwide right use bcd platform and its services. the purchaser acknowledges and accepts that shall not: (i) distribute, export, translate, transmit, merge, transfer, modify, adapt, hypothecate, encumber, create, derivative works of, loan, rent, lease, share, resell any bcd platform, whole part; (ii) remove modify any proprietary notices bcd platform; (iii) reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble otherwise attempt discover the source code, object code underlying structure, ideas, algorithms bcd platform bcdt tokens any documentation provided bcd (except accordance with the provisions the applicable law). the purchaser shall take all necessary precautions prevent third parties from using bcd platform bcdt tokens any documentation provided pertaining thereto any way that would constitute breach these terms bcd intellectual property rights. the purchaser shall not license, sublicense, otherwise grant any intellectual property rights pertaining bcd platform bcdt tokens. article security the purchaser shall implement reasonable and appropriate measures designed secure access (i) any device associated with the email address associated with his account, (ii) private keys required access any relevant ethereum address, and (iii) purchaser username, password and any other login identifying credentials. the event the purchaser suspects security breach any the abovementioned, shall inform bcd immediately, bcd can take all required and possible measures secure the purchaser account, the website, bcd platform and systems whole. the purchaser will assume full responsibility for the consequences any theft, malfunction misuse bcd platform bcdt tokens acquired, result lack security any use any person whom the purchaser has provided his credentials. bcdiploma terms and conditions article protection personal data pursuant the data protection directive (//ec) and the subsequent general data protection regulation (eu) that will apply from may bcd shall implement appropriate measures prevent the unauthorised use disclosure any personal data made available and processed bcd connection with bcd platform and the its ("covered data"). this end, bcd has implemented and maintained physical and technical measures that reasonably and appropriately protect the confidentiality, integrity, security and availability the purchaser covered data. only the minimum and necessary amount personal data the purchaser collected bcd the time the kyc procedure complete the its and comply with the best practices recommended the regulatory bodies. besides, only those personnel bcd that have been duly authorized will access the covered data and such access strictly limited ensure the operational process the its and/or the security the covered data. personal data collected from the purchaser the forms available the website are intended for bcd personnel for administrative and business management purposes. these data are processed (i) allow purchasers access the its and use bcd platform, and (ii) enable bcd prospect for new users. data marked with asterisk are mandatory. failure provide such data may prevent the purchaser from participating the its and using the service. participating the its and using bcd platform, the purchaser agrees and authorises bcd share, and when necessary the covered data with any trusted third party (which may located non-eu jurisdiction but providing equivalent level protection across the european union) for the sole purposes the provision the service. besides, the purchaser acknowledges that bcd may required provide the covered data any regulatory bodies administrative authorities required law. bcd will maintain purchaser's covered data only for long necessary, required law. the purchaser entitled object the processing his personal data for legitimate reasons, well object the use such data for the purposes prospecting activities. pursuant the general data protection regulation, the purchaser shall entitled request access to, rectification, erasure his own personal data, restriction processing concerning the purchaser object processing well the right data portability. however, given the nature the blockchain technology used, the purchaser may not able exercise all these rights. however, far technically possible, bcd will enable the purchaser exercise his rights. so, the purchaser shall notify writing his request bcd, with copy its signed document the following address: contactus@blockchaincertifieddata.com article legislative and/or regulatory developments the purchaser acknowledges and accepts that bcd commercial operation taking place within french legal environment that still under development. new laws rules may subsequently frame, modify clarify the practice such operations. where necessary applicable, should legislative and/or regulatory changes conflict with all part these terms and conditions, bcd reserves the right amend the terms the commercial operation appropriate, retroactively necessary, order ensure that the operation remains legal and compliant with the various laws and regulations best practices that may issued the french regulatory bodies. article force majeure force majeure deemed any event beyond the parties' control, which they cannot reasonably foresee reasonably avoid overcome, provided that its occurrence makes impossible for the parties fulfill their bcdiploma terms and conditions obligations, and adversely affects purchase execution (e.g. earthquake, storm other element nature, embargoes, substantial change the price resources, electrical telecommunications, hardware, software other utility failures, armed conflicts, labor disputes other industrial disturbances, changes laws regulations, changes blockchain technology (broadly construed), changes the ethereum protocol any other blockchain protocols, etc.). the most diligent party shall promptly notify the other party any means, and the parties will then agree negotiate good faith any changes required ensure the continuity contract obligations. if, however, such impossibility exceeds three months, the most diligent party may terminate the contract writing without incurring its liability and without entitling the other party claim any right compensation, with bcd retaining previously collected amounts, which are irrevocably acquired. article miscellaneous any clause these terms deemed invalid, illegal, deemed unwritten unenforceable, all other clauses shall nevertheless remain full force and effect. the failure omission bcd enforce any clause these terms will not constitute present future waiver such clause nor limit bcd right enforce such clause later time. article language and jurisdiction these terms are governed exclusively french law. translations the terms and conditions herein, made available the purchaser, are purely informative and are not legally binding. the french version these terms has sole legal force. the parties agree seek amicable settlement prior bringing any legal action. failing this, any dispute, any nature whatsoever regarding the commercial operation, will brought expressly before the court with jurisdiction over bcd's registered headquarter. references statistics higher education, eurostat: http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/statistics-explained/index.php/tertiary_education_statistics/fr https://nces.ed.gov/fastfacts/display.asp?id= yiwei, courrier international, //: http://www.courrierinternational.com/article////la-poudriere-des-diplomes http://www.oecd.org/edu/skills-beyond-school/pif%.pdf marie-catherine beuth, figaro economie, http://www.lefigaro.fr/societes////-artfig-le-dg-de-yahoo-accuse-d-avoirmenti-sur-son-cv.php the first lady claimed have degree architecture that she didn't achieve: christina wilkie, //. translated from loignon, stephane. big bang blockchain: seconde revolution d'internet (french edition). tallandier, marie-estelle pech, figaro, http://www.lefigaro.fr/actualite-france////-artfig-un-site-internet-chinoisvend-de-faux-diplomes-francais-.php framework group software components organized following architectural layout. general data protection regulation: this the authoritative text about personal data protection the european union. the scope this text extraterritorial. keystore secured location where encrypted keys are stored. gas miners' earnings unit when smart contract executed. this gas ether. used infinitesimally small amount and market price fluctuates. hash function particular function, which calculates the imprint initial data, imprint used quickly identify the later. these functions are used cryptography. metropolis the name ethereum's new update. use will easier and more flexible for the smart contract developers. proof-of-stake: method which cryptocurrency blockchain network aims achieve distributed consensus. sharding: process that divides the blockchain shards, which will easier manage. "dapp" "oracle" application, which allows reading transaction's data ethereum via secured web access. application programming interface: interface through which provider software offers services other consumer software. bcdiploma references