whitepaper contact online singel amsterdam email: support@blockport.io website: www.blockport.io executive summary blockport hybrid-decentralized exchange with strong focus user-friendliness, social trading features and building knowledge sharing community. the team blockport firmly believes that despite the recent developments the world cryptocurrencies there still exists enormous knowledge gap between the high-tech blockchain world and the majority our society. order successfully share and support this fundamental technology and paradigm shift with our society, will build user-friendly portal where people can safely take part this movement. the team blockport addresses five problem areas this white paper that hinder beginner investors adopt cryptocurrencies valuable investment asset. these problems include lack liquidity, security, transparency, usability and education. blockport aims develop end-to-end trading platform that addresses these problems effectively combining proven technological, social and crypto economic concepts create completely new crypto trading experience. additionally, blockport will create its own ethereum (erc) based token that acts functional token for members pay for discounted trading fees and utilize the social trading features the exchange environment. members can earn these tokens engaging the platform. early january the private pre-sale the blockport tokens (bpt) will launched. this pre-sale round accessible for selected group participants who are aligned with blockport's mission and vision. pre-sale participants can apply for this private round signing the blockport website (www.blockport.io). details about the exact pre-sale launch will communicated privately. for participants, certain minimum amount eth mandatory participate the pre-sale round. participants will benefit from bpt bonus the pre-sale round. the public crowdsale round will planned march exact details about the crowdsale round will communicated after the private pre-sale round has finished. blockport whitepaper v... table contents introduction challenges token sale token fundraising token distribution bpt vesting plan security use funds transparency blockport token participation roadmap development pre-release first release second release third release fourth release fifth release blockport versions motivation team core team advisors liquidity usability education the blockport system user-interface design functional design user-interface api internal exchange wallet operator external exchange accountant security measures social design social trading knowledge sharing token model token utility trading fees social trading community involvement blockport whitepaper v.. introduction purely peer-to-peer version electronic cash would allow online payments sent directly from one party another without going through financial institution" are the first words satoshi nakamoto his world famous bitcoin paper that released (). currently, it's impacting the world's dynamics power and economics unprecedented level. nakamoto's paper was the start digitally native financial system that secure, efficient and above all, decentralized. however, looking the largest bitcoin and cryptocurrency exchanges today, they mostly exist out centrally structured exchange entities. for example: kraken, bitfinex, coinbase/gdax, poloniex, bittrex, etc. all host their clients' funds centrally. this provides traders with agility and liquidity, but this nullifies the fundamental trustless features digital blockchain based assets. moreover, most these exchanges are designed for professional traders and lack intuitive interface. despite massive growth crypto markets, exchanges and other market intermediaries, still relatively complex and hazardous buy, sell and store digital assets. blockport addresses these problems providing beginner and advanced traders, investors and institutions with user-friendly crypto exchange that combines best practices from both centralized and decentralized trading platforms. our intuitive trading platform reduces counterparty risk, transaction fees and vulnerability fraudulent activities. aim provide liquidity, security, transparency and improved user-experience. blockport not just another bitcoin cryptocurrency exchange. fact, blockport aims accomplish something far more interesting tackling the key pain points mass adoption: bridging the high-tech blockchain world with the "real" world, offering intuitive user-experience, social trading, and knowledge sharing community. firmly believe that these factors play major role the journey towards mass adoption cryptocurrencies valuable asset class. blockport will create ethereum-based cryptographic token, the blockport token (bpt), which can used mediate vast array exchange activities. provides our members with premium services, social trading functionalities and can used pay trading fees. since blockport wishes become one the leading crypto trading platforms, seamless integration with the current financial and regulatory systems our top priority. the team blockport will ensure that the product and services offers are fully compliant with the applied regulatory and legal requirements. internally this means that blockport closely works with osborne clarke's lawyers address the variation legal requirements which may operate. externally maintain close relationship with the dutch financial regulators authority financial markets (afm) and the dutch central bank (dnb) the process design, development and governance our product and services. blockport welcomes regulatory agencies satoshi nakamoto (). bitcoin: peer-to-peer electronic cash system. blockport whitepaper v.. engage with our team and collaboratively build future that benefits all societal stakeholders. the company's legal entities and the core team blockport are based amsterdam, the netherlands. blockport's team consists five core team members and three advisors. the team diverse nature and nurture. all have proven experience the field software engineering, financial technology and emerging technologies such artificial intelligence and blockchain. additionally, the team will supported experienced advisors the fields digital marketing, blockchain and smart contract development, regulatory compliance and cyber security. the next chapter will describe selection challenges that arise when beginner and advanced investors want invest cryptocurrencies. short projection how blockport aims address these challenges provided directly after every discussion and extensively illustrated chapter three. challenges this chapter discuss five fundamental problems that impose barriers for people invest cryptocurrencies. the first three problems stated below represent the technical limitations current centralized and decentralized exchanges that partly form the barrier for people invest cryptocurrencies. lack liquidity: makes harder trade and causes costs investment higher because not enough people are buying and selling assets the exchange. lack security: the highly liquid and most used exchanges are centralized exchanges that carry their customers' funds and have unfortunately proven extremely susceptible internal fraud and external hacking. lack transparency: aside from hidden liquidity costs, exchanges and especially brokers are not always transparent about the actual commissions and fees that are associated with trade. the remaining two problems stated below impose non-technical barriers that limit people trusting and using current exchanges and broker services. lack usability: the user-interface (ui) current exchanges highly reflect that it's built for professional traders and tech-savvy people. blockport whitepaper v.. lack education: current solutions lack proper education and knowledge sharing functionalities that are necessary help beginner investors and stimulate the overall adoption cryptocurrencies valuable asset. collectively these five problems described above are imposing high barriers for the mainstream population participate the crypto market. therefore, blockport will designed overcome these barriers and facilitate this exciting transition towards the new crypto economy. blockport will achieve this employing best practices from socio-technical perspective that will effectively aim address all problems described above. liquidity liquidity economic term used express how easily you can buy sell asset without affecting the asset's price. thus, when exchange illiquid difficult and therefore expensive buy and sell assets, because not enough traders are buying selling the exchange. exchange that suffers from illiquidity fails provide traders with efficient pricing and fast settling orders (). the adoption blockchain technology vastly increasing, more crypto assets are being introduced organizations across industries. therefore, the need exchange between these cryptocurrencies and tokens also increasing. while the current trade volume ethereum and bitcoin hundreds millions u.s. dollars per day, the crypto asset class still far less liquid than traditional markets. the main reason for this illiquidity that the total value the asset class still relatively low (). additionally, the fragmentation liquidity across many exchanges not helping either. exchanges around the globe have built their own micro markets, shielded from others, which causes the overall price crypto assets extremely differ between exchanges (). this disadvantage for beginner investors but can advantage for experienced traders. blockport will enhance liquidity settling the exchange members' assets within the internal exchange and effectively combining the aggregated liquidity across public exchanges. security despite the decentralized and trustless nature cryptocurrencies, most the trades happen centralized exchanges that have unfortunately proven extremely susceptible internal fraud and external hacking however, centralized exchanges provide the most transparent and accessible liquidity the crypto market today. for this work, these exchanges have carry and protect their users' funds, which makes them susceptible hacking. this treacherous flaw has spurred the development (partially) on-chain decentralized exchanges (e.g. etherdelta, waves lykke). the term liquidity extensively explained http://www.investopedia.com/terms/l/liquidity.asp the total value crypto assets fluctuates around billion august and september while the total value stock markets somewhere around trillion. see coinmarketcap.com and the world bank. learn more about fragmented market liquidity, see multimarket trading and market liquidity chowdhry nanda (). https://doi.org/./rfs/.. multiple exchanges have been victims hacking such mt.gox, bitfinex, bitstamp and bithumb with total losses exceeding billion u.s. dollars value. blockport whitepaper v.. contrast centralized exchanges, decentralized exchanges not carry the funds investors, but work with private on-chain wallet for every user. this means that decentralized exchange leverages the advantages blockchain technology. however, decentralized exchanges have not yet been able match the liquidity centralized exchanges the important tradeoff between security and liquidity therefore very desirable overcome. blockport will effectively balance this tradeoff designing hybrid system that ensures secure storage members' funds implementing decentralized exchange architecture combination with the integration external centralized public exchanges that provide liquidity when necessary. transparency since the crypto trading volume still relatively low and trading activities are heavily fragmented over multiple global exchanges, cryptocurrency values may extremely differ between exchanges. therefore, hard correctly assess the actual market price cryptocurrency token. for example, prices bitcoin may differ several hundreds dollars between different exchanges (). additionally, commissions and transaction fees are often concealed. brokers tend show market price that not consistent with the average actual market price resulting into higher commissions paid than initially visible people (). lack transparency pricing and fees decreases trust the complete crypto ecosystem and increases the barrier adoption for people that are new the crypto market. blockport brings transparency this ambiguous market continuously analyzing market prices across multiple exchanges and therefore always able show and provide the best market price crypto assets. usability the crypto ecosystem vastly expanding, new points-of-purchase such exchanges and brokers emerge. since the newly created asset class relatively young and accommodates innovative blockchain technology, the current solutions the market clearly reflect the technical approach used build them. meaning that the most cases far from user-friendly. winning over the mainstream requires solution that easy handle and that expresses trust. however, most the established exchanges provide single that clearly built for professional traders and tech-savvy people. moreover, they offer one-size-fits-all solution for every type user, from beginner advanced (). "unfortunately, decentralized trading platforms still lack the commodity, easy use, and overall "user support" attract mainstream user base. therefore, the liquidity and market depth these exchanges still quite low." (loi luu, ceo kybernetwork) https://www.coindesk.com/solving-liquidity-challenge-decentralized-exchanges/ while crypto assets are cross border nature, prices differ the most between exchanges that are based different countries can seen coinmarketcap.com. research blockport reveals that most dutch bitcoin brokers aren't transparent about transaction fees due displaying higher bitcoin price than the actual market price. this results actual fees fluctuating between and without customers being aware typical examples uis made for tech-savvy people are etherdelta and bittrex. blockport whitepaper v.. most crypto exchange uis show complex trading analytics and live order book with flashing bid and ask orders. result, non tech-savvy users may overwhelmed the vast array features that she has master. aside from the complex ui, there may already exist lot uncertainty and anxiety people's minds due the volatile nature the crypto market. therefore, adding more ambiguity not taking usability and user-friendliness into account imposing barriers for mass market adoption. blockport building state-of-the-art hybrid exchange system while keeping extreme focus usability and user-friendliness. blockport's user-centric design approach ensures intuitive user experience, tailored address different types users. result this will open the door the crypto economy for everyone. education the this new volatile market where information highly spreaded, the need for discussion and learn from experts and peers high. exchanges and brokers alike act gateways for accessing cryptocurrencies and tokens. unfortunately, they merely provide access trading this new asset class and often lack provide clear knowledge educate people about the crypto assets, economics and technology. education and knowledge sharing the essence trigger people's intrinsic interest, engagement and successfully facilitate the adoption new technology blockport recognizes its responsibility not only provide state-of-the-art product but also integrate knowledge-sharing and social trading functionalities that our members can learn and share crypto economic knowledge. blockport will host knowledge base and interactive forum where beginners and experts can come together share ideas and knowledge regarding crypto investments. secondly, blockport enables members contact our customer support through live chat and email. thirdly, part the extensive blockport user-experience, social trading features will build into the system enable members publicly share their crypto portfolio with the blockport community. moreover, members can automatically 'copy' this publicly shared portfolio paying the sharing member bpt reward. dewar and dutton found that sufficient knowledge and available resources are required for successful adoption radical new technologies. see dewar, r.d. dutton, j.e. (). adoption radical and incremental innovations: empirical analysis. management science, vol. no. pp. blockport whitepaper v.. the blockport system the problems discussed the previous chapter all affect the overall degree trust some extent, which hinders the mainstream adoption cryptocurrencies our society. with premature technology like blockchain and smart contracting, the overall public's level trust still relatively low. therefore, our mission create platform that functions intuitive portal between the current financial system and the new digital blockchain-based economy. will achieve this developing endto-end trading platform that enables everyone part this global value network. currently, the process buying, selling and storing cryptocurrencies still highly fragmented and complex. current crypto initiatives are trying effortlessly achieve the level trust that established financial institutions possess today. although the potential this new digital paradigm sky-high, there still lot room for improvement. this chapter it's described how blockport exactly solves the problems that are identified chapter two providing description and visualization our hybrid-decentralized exchange platform. the solution explained detailed possible, however, developments the crypto space are progressing rapidly that desirable and wise leave certain lower-level specifications open possible order ensure technological agility the future. blockport whitepaper v.. user-interface design this section, small selection the blockport designs displayed below. these designs contain views the dashboard and trade portal. more designs are released through our communication channels. blockport dashboard blockport trade portal blockport whitepaper v.. functional design although the user-experience blockport will feel smart and simple all the hard work will done the back-end. this section describes and visualizes the complete high-level functional design the blockport exchange. blockport whitepaper v.. user-interface all blockport members interact with the exchange through the user-friendly ui. pointed out the first part this whitepaper, the will designed such way that addresses different user profiles. these user profiles range between beginner crypto investors and semi-advanced crypto traders. general, the user experience will look and feel: simple, smooth, smart and intuitive. members will able switch between simple and advanced ui. the exact design these two different uis will based extensive a/b testing among blockport's early users. the uis fundamental functions include: portfolio balance, market data, trade portal and account settings. the portfolio balance shows members' current portfolio balance and based real-time market data. buy and sell trades from fiat crypto, crypto crypto and crypto fiat, can done through the trade portal. additionally, the trade portal will assist members making correct buy sell trade. this means that members will advised the amount and price their crypto investment ensure transparency and healthy investment decisions. api the blockport api enables external parties connect with the blockport exchange operator and place trade requests (). internal exchange all trade requests will run through the governance manager. this ensures that members' accounts and orders are valid and compliant with internal and external rules and constraints. the compliance manager will ensure that regulatory know your customer (kyc) and anti-money-laundering (aml) requirements will updated and correctly installed the governance manager and account settings. besides rules and constraints, the governance manager will validate trade requests and lock available funds when necessary. when trade request correctly validated (), the governance manager will order the wallet operator lock members' funds (). this will allow the internal trade engine match internal trades safe and secure. protect members from frontrunning, the matching orders shielded from the outside world using private order book and only made public when they are completed (). when trade request cannot matched internally, the internal trade engine will send the trade order the external trade engine for external order matching. when trade request can partially filled internally, the residual order will send out the external trade engine. orders that are filled the external trade engine will received and combined the internal trade engine validate the total matched order (). finally, when the complete order correctly validated, the funds will settled the wallet operator and broadcasted the chain. tradeable crypto assets are carefully selected demand, asset characteristics, liquidity and regulations. learn more about front-running and how was revealed the bancor protocol see: https://hackernoon.com/front-running-bancor-in--lines-of-python-withethereum-api-debfdd blockport whitepaper v.. wallet operator members' funds will settled and stored the designated blockchain wallets. the individual wallets will tracked the multi-wallet and managed the wallet operator. the blockport wallet operator will run node for every blockchain that supported the exchange. this enables the effective reading and writing transactions the blockchain network. every member will able create personalized contract address via the wallet operator for every supported cryptocurrency token. the crypto wallets that are used the blockport exchange are basically trustless and decentralized digital wallet that will hold their funds non-custodial manor. the blockport wallet operator manager that links members' wallets multiple blockchains through the multi-wallet. has custom features order perform exchange activities such funds checking, locking and settling. the process setting order that signed and validated the governance manager, the wallet operator will lock members' funds order ensure atomic swap ownership (). the order fails the process internal external matching, the system will automatically revert the funds back members' wallets. when the order successfully matched internally externally, the completed order will settled and members' funds will unlocked. external exchange the external trade engine will receive unfilled orders from the internal trade engine and decides how distribute these orders terms size and time. additionally, will execute these external trades efficient possible the external exchanges. the external trade engine will optimize its decisions based the available liquidity and additional transaction costs. the external trade engine receives the required trade information from the analytics manager. additionally, the analytics manager also determines the corresponding volatility risk every trade, which will communicated the exchange accountant. the exchange manager's job translate the received trade requests actionable api orders. the exchange manager will facilitate the communication with external exchanges through apis. additionally, communicates order state changes upstream with the blockport accountant, analytics manager and the external trade engine. the analytics manager monitors the external exchanges for available liquidity scanning their order books real-time. moreover, calculates the expected transaction costs every supported trade pair volume and direction. shares this information with the external trade engine, blockport accountant and the blockport ui. atomic cross-chain trading one where (at least) two parties, alice and bob, own coins separate cryptocurrencies, and want exchange them without having trust third party (centralized exchange). blockport whitepaper v.. accountant the blockport accountant there perform trade and trust intermediation. tracks members' funds throughout the entire trade and settlement process. this functionality important that the exchange can partially fill members' orders without having settle multiple trades. this ensures members' order privacy, reduces transaction costs and allows members experience atomic swap funds. order intermediate effectively, the blockport accountant will need track and monitor all active orders the settlement process cover the complete finality transaction cycle. this cycle will volatile due possible network delays. therefore the blockport accountant will measure and govern the overall risk settlements. responsible for balancing the crypto and fiat assets that are necessary perform the realtime trades. the analytics manager will provide the blockport accountant with ideal distribution assets effectively balance blockport's exposure and trade flows. additionally, the blockport accountant will communicate with the blockport wallet operator and the exchange manager ensure live feed cash positions throughout the entire blockport exchange. besides managing asset flows, the blockport accountant will also manage the cold storage inactive funds minimize exposure. the amount funds that will cold stored relatively low the beginning, due low liquidity. however, when the number active members increase volume and liquidity will increase which will allow increase the cold storage ratio. security measures essential ensure secure communication between the functional entities described above assure robust system. value our members' trust and our ability offer high quality service. therefore, take the following measures secure our services: encrypt all communication over the internet allowing only https, using settings like hsts, properly chosen cors settings, csrf protection and carefully chosen ssl settings. secure the api's build using tokens, with expiry. secure our cookies, using flags like 'secure', 'httponly', 'samesite' and proper expiration. terms secure communication between public and private nodes, only allow carefully chosen ssl ciphers and key exchange algorithms, while keeping tabs developments and vulnerabilities around information security. also use client certificates internally enable secure communication, even our private network. this means that data not sent over unencrypted network connection, even our private infrastructure. blockport whitepaper v.. carefully choose our firewall settings and network topology, separate and compartmentalize risks where possible without compromising usability and testability. this enables allow traffic trust, while blocking untrusted traffic. additionally, pay attention owasp updates, including mailing lists and other resources that enable stay top new vulnerabilities and/or patches (think beast, crime, krack etc). regular audits including penetration tests, load tests and code reviews with independent parties ensure consistent security our platform. have dos protection place protect against common dos attack strategies, and monitor our systems continuously. also have schedule that allows our team call anything happens. use kms for key rotation and organization sensitive data. course, regularly review owasp top releases ourselves. value consciousness risks inside our organization, this the the best structural way reduce risks consistent manner. please note that these measures are only part all security standards implement practice. handle more elaborate protocol internally, but the above provides general overview. blockport whitepaper v.. social design social trading the blockport social trading platform allows members connect with other traders, discuss investment strategies and automatically copy each other's portfolio. this means that beginner investor 'alice' can copy the portfolio experienced trader 'bob'. the following figure shows the functional process within the blockport environment when members use social trading features. shares his portfolio with other members. beginner investor 'alice' finds experienced trader 'bob' the blockport platform and decides follow bob and copy his trading activities. alice decides the amount her portfolio that allocated copy bob's portfolio. alice pays bob bpt for following his portfolio. blockport whitepaper v.. bob spots trading opportunity and makes trade through the trade portal. the trade portal sends the trade request the governance manager that going prepare the trade. the governance manager sends request the compliance manager validate bob and his followers have the correct credentials make trades. confirm bob has any followers, the compliance manager asks for bob's account settings. bob has portfolio sharing enabled, the compliance manager will automatically receive the account settings his followers. since alice following bob, the compliance manager receives the settings both accounts and validates both accounts are compliant. both are compliant, the governance manager receives 'go' and also receives the specifics the portfolio settings alice. these settings indicate the amount alice's portfolio that allocated follow bob's activities. the governance manager will accordingly lock funds both alice's and bob's wallets. the wallet operator confirms that the funds are locked. the final trade orders for both alice's and bob's accounts are sent the trading engines. the above visualization outlines the processes that are executed when member with portfolio followers places order within the blockport exchange. the following section shows the dynamics between alice's and bob's portfolio's when trading, and gives more understanding how social trading works practice. when alice decides follow bob, she has set amount her portfolio that going follow bob's trading activities. this example, alice's portfolio consists only out bitcoin (btc) and she decides allocate her portfolio following bob. alice accepts the terms and conditions for following bob and automatically pays small amount bpt bob. bob's portfolio also consists out btc before makes trade. blockport whitepaper v.. before the trade alice: btc btc not following following bob bob: btc bob decides trade his btc for ethereum (eth) and makes trade through the trade portal. alice has allocated her total portfolio follow bob and thus her account will automatically make trades relative bob's trades that alice trades her total btc for eth. after the trade alice: bob: btc btc eth btc not following eth after the trade, bob's portfolio has changed from btc btc and eth. due the alice's portfolio that wasn't following bob, her portfolio respectively changed btc and eth. this example describes the basic fundamentals following other member's portfolio. blockport whitepaper v.. knowledge sharing the team blockport recognizes the responsibility educate its members regarding all facets the crypto trading process. therefore, offer our members the following features learn and share knowledge with each other our exchange environment. blockport will host knowledge base where members can find information about frequently asked questions regarding cryptocurrencies and trading. this knowledge base will act repository that will updated frequently serve blockport's first aid. additionally, blockport members will able contact the customer support through live chat and email. this live chat functionality will incorporated into the exchange environment that members can ask the blockport customer support for instant help during the crypto trading process. secondly, members can 'ask question' other blockport members the blockport community page. this community page will have similarities with the worldwide known q&a platform: quora. this stimulates experienced blockport members help each other and curate the best answer. part the 'social trading features', offer members that follow each other chat with each other and share insights about their trading strategies. this will greatly stimulate the social interaction and engagement the platform. high performing traders will develop expert status and share their knowledge and insights exclusively with their followers. blockport whitepaper v.. token model the blockport token (bpt) ethereum (erc) based token that includes multiple functionalities within the blockport ecosystem. the ethereum blockchain currently the biggest platform that supports the creation tokens and thus allows bpt seamlessly interact with other erc tokens. members can exchange bpt for premium services, discounted trading fees and social trading functionalities. due the creation internal microeconomy, the entire value the system grows when the number users increases. additionally, the value the system increases incentivizing members use bpt for the payment trading fees and social trading functionalities. this chapter unveils the crypto economic mechanisms and utility bpt. the crypto economic mechanisms bpt are visualized the figure above and work follows: blockport releases bpt from the reserve and sells them members through the token shop. blockport will receive income fiat crypto for selling bpt the token shop. members can buy bpt the token shop all times. tokens are sold members that wish fill their stock bpt and are paid with fiat cryptocurrency. this causes upward pressure bpt demand. blockport creates microeconomy where members can pay other members bpt for copying their crypto portfolio. large part (%) this fee received the portfolio-sharing member, and the remaining (%) the fee represents the amount received blockport for facilitating the social trading blockport whitepaper v.. service. the social trading token utility causes upward pressure bpt's demand, and the social trading fee received blockport causes downward pressure bpt's supply. members can use bpt pay for discounted trading fees. discounted trading fees causes upward pressure bpt demand. order costs are mainly covered income received from collected trading fees from members. trading fees can paid bpt, fiat cryptocurrency. additional income received from token sales and social trading fees. token utility the blockport tokens are utility tokens that members can hold consume within the exchange, and thus derive their entire value from services provided the blockport platform. the tokens are not intended for speculation and not represent company shares any claim decision making the company. bpt are not securities and are thus not associated with future revenue streams values other than derived from platform usage. members are therefore always able earn bpt engaging the platform and are not obliged buy bpt directly the markt. the exact functionalities bpt within the platform are described detail below. trading fees when members place order trade assets, they are charged with transaction fee percentage the total order volume. this percentage covers the order costs the internal and/or external trade and includes the blockport transaction fee. the transaction fee can paid native transaction currency with bpt. members who pay transaction fees with bpt will benefit from discount. order determine the transaction fee that members pay with bpt, the conversion rate between bpt and other crypto assets updated frequently. the amount discount members receive also dependent order size. this approach will also properly reward all members who help grow the ecosystem. incentivizing members pay for discounted trading fees with bpt ensures healthy growth the system's total value. however, the discount rate always have conform covering blockport's order costs ensure sustainable growth such that: discount value blockport transaction fee blockport whitepaper v.. social trading another primary functionality the blockport token that members can reward other members who publicly share their portfolio within the blockport exchange environment. blockport hereby creates microeconomy where members can spend their bpt learn from other members. these 'etoro' inspired functionalities include the option follow other members' investment strategies copying their portfolio decisions automatically. members who publicly share their portfolio can earn bpt reward. for beginner investors this opens the opportunity learn from experienced and successful crypto traders. additionally, enables experienced traders benefit from the expertise they have developed. however, blockport imposes maximum amount followers that member can have effectively counter market manipulation. for people who enter the market there vast choice regarding crypto assets invest in. most crypto assets have complex technological features which makes hard for beginner investors digest. there are, the time writing, crypto assets listed the public crypto market. therefore, the need follow experts and the ability leverage their knowledge high. blockport allows members copy other members' portfolios and benefit from their expertise. spending bpt for social trading functionalities causes upward pressure demand. token sale blockport will set private and public round token sales order provide and reward early users the blockport platform with bpt, which they can spend transaction fees social trading functionalities. this section extensive description the token sale provided that will explain when certain events will planned and how blockport planning use the funds that proceed from the token sales. token fundraising the total amount raised the token sale will communicated the blockport website. the total includes both the pre-sale and crowd sale rounds. participants the pre-sale round are selected partners, private investors and venture capitalists that play important role the development our product and services. these commitments may include providing reserves ensure liquidity for the exchange, connect the exchange with party services, promote the application token launch and introduce valuable assets. participants the pre-sale round are obliged buy minimum amount eth that will communicated prior the pre-sale round. additionally, participants the pre-sale round receive bonus. blockport whitepaper v.. the public token sale does not impose minimum amount. the actual rates expressed eth will communicated the blockport website and telegram community. the token sales will only accept eth and all unsold tokens the private and public sale will burned. token distribution maximum amount bpt will minted, never increased. the token distribution will follows: more than bpt will minted for the token sale our private and public rounds combined. therefore, the total bpt supply allocated participants the token sale rounds. the total bpt supply will reserved for the team, advisors and early seed investors. the total bpt supply will reserved for the company's token shop. the total bpt supply will reserved for the community, services provided parties, and bonus allocations. bpt vesting plan the tokens for the team, which represent around the total tokens, will fully vested years shown below. initial release: after year: after years: after years: use funds besides our need cover business and development costs, also need funds for creating trade reserves act settlement buffer between the different trade elements and external exchanges. moreover, need these reserves provide operational risk intermediation. essential allocate large proportion the funds trading reserve guarantees the liquidity the platform. blockport whitepaper v.. therefore plan distribute the funds generated the token sale rounds to: trading reserve that managed the blockport exchange accountant. for the development blockport version and for business operations and maintenance the blockport exchange. for marketing costs such design, content, advertising and community building. for legal regulatory compliance costs such contracts, licenses and research. use funds: legal operations marketing trading reserve development funds generated the private round the token sale will mainly used cover initial startup and marketing costs prepare for the public sale. blockport token participation the blockport token sale executed two stages. the first stage exclusive pre-sale round for selected group participants. everyone can sign for this round the blockport website, however, only whitelisted participants will gain access. the pre-sale, the maximum amount raised set eurm worth eth. blockport whitepaper v.. the maximum ensures that there are single parties that hold significant large amount tokens prior the public sale. the pre-sale will start the january and will last two weeks until the cap reached. the first stage seed investment collected cover the operational costs promoting, developing and running the blockport exchange. additionally, funds will allocated set and promote the launch the second stage the token sale, which planned the january cet. the second stage public crowdsale where maximum percent all the blockport tokens are sold and participation accessible everyone. more detailed information about the second stage will released after the first stage (pre-sale). roadmap development whitepaper whitepaper release community building development audit token sale contracts development alpha prototype pre-sale start pre-sale the january launch alpha prototype start crowdsale the january launch blockport beta march implementation the knowledge sharing platform first release blockport full release, supporting: bitcoin, ethereum and several other tokens blockport beta release (exchange exchanges) social trading features blockport whitepaper v.. second release blockport full release, supporting cryptocurrencies and tokens. third release blockport beta release, supporting cryptocurrencies and tokens. fourth release blockport full release (hybrid-decentralized exchange), supporting most popular cryptocurrencies and tokens. blockport versions there are three different versions the blockport exchange planned the development roadmap above. each version brings more decentralization the blockport exchange. blockport the first version that uses external exchange architecture and will integrated with one exchange. this version will support bitcoin, ethereum and several erc tokens. will have the same user-friendly look and feel the sequent versions. this the first commercial version the blockport exchange accessible the public. blockport the full version excluding the decentralization members' funds. will integrated with multiple exchanges and equipped with more complex trading algorithms. both the knowledge sharing platform and social trading features are implemented this version. all popular cryptocurrencies and most the erc tokens are supported. blockport the full version combining both the external and internal exchange architecture, which named the 'hybrid-decentralized exchange'. this version members' funds will stored completely decentralized the blockchain. most cryptocurrencies and tokens are supported this version. blockport whitepaper v.. motivation the reason why blockport starts with building centralized exchange that extends into decentralized internal architecture due several circumstances. first all, blockport needs and running fast possible become healthy company generating revenue and learn from its users, stakeholders and the global blockchain community. secondly, much research and development still required improve the speed and liquidity decentralized exchanges. current decentralized solutions aren't yet providing what's promised. thus, provide customers with fast settling orders, centralized mechanism settle orders still needed. the hybrid set-up allows blockport simultaneously provide consumer facing product and work decentralized exchange technology, utilizing best breed approach. release one and two, customers will not themselves hold the legal title the cryptocurrencies. order ensure the safety our members' funds, they will held stichting custodian blockport (scb) 'omnibus account' whereby the scb acts legal owner the cryptocurrencies. the assets scb are legally segregated and such protected from insolvency blockport holding b.v. and blockport b.v. additionally, members' funds are always stored safely holding funds offline wallets much possible. with the release blockport the funds our existing members are automatically migrated on-chain wallets. team core team sebastiaan lichter founder and chief product blockport. sebastiaan innovation manager who has worked for independer (largest dutch insurance platform) the implementation ai-driven chatbot that compares insurance products for clients. also worked the consultancy firm family, where was involved several innovation projects for corporate clients such delta lloyd and aegon. sebastiaan crypto investor and entrepreneur digital technologies who's passionate and creative mind excels bringing together the world technology and business. specialized and carries several university degrees the area technology management from the university groningen and the amsterdam business school. besides being hands-on entrepreneur, driven athlete who trains every day the week and believes that having healthy body and mind key success. blockport whitepaper v.. kai kain bennink founder and chief strategy blockport. kai carries background business and technology from the university groningen and delft university technology, where specialized and emerging technologies, such artificial intelligence and blockchain. recently graduated ibm where investigated the impact artificial intelligence the dutch banking sector. for this project collaborated with the three largest traditional banks the netherlands: rabobank, abn amro and ing. parallel his academic activities, has always been active different sectors such manufacturing, (private) banking, governmental agencies and digital marketing. his strong suit the combination and iq, which allows him bring together broad range talented people and develop strong sense team coherence effectively achieve goals. besides being passionate crypto investor and blockchain enthusiast, loves train, spinning, cross-fit, snowboard and wakeboard. claims that finding the right balance between sports and work challenges absolutely necessary develop and maintain productive mind. zowie langdon partner and chief technology blockport zowie has over years experience software development and has studied software engineering and philosophy. operationally skilled full stack engineer and lover learning. through his companies luminum solutions and his involvement blockport, zowie seeks explore and understand everything about tech, data and business. zowie loves open source software and has worked various innovative applications and other large systems for both start-ups, scale-ups and corporates. several projects zowie acted lead developer and has built scalable, high frequency systems together with his team. just laurens, strongly believes scalable and modular architecture effectively build modern solutions. spiros mantadakis partner and chief design. spiros has strong background design and early age started innovative media and development agency where delivered innovative solutions for digital products, e-commerce, cloud infrastructure and web development. for the last seven years has operated entrepreneur. during this period has been active several sectors ranging from digital marketing banking and governmental bodies with strong focus customer experience and virtual reality. now spiros experienced consultant and partner well global innovations. responsible for the ux/ui multiple innovative projects, for clients such abn amro bank, nibc bank and the city amsterdam. has also incorporated his knowledge projects the middle east. spiros utilizes customer-centric design approach and uses his expertise design sophisticated and user-friendly applications used many people around the globe. blockport whitepaper v.. pascal van steen pascal passionate about growth and has helped several startups raise funds grow their business. was the head growth during the travis the translator campaign and managed the team their marketing efforts raise and eventually raised the end the campaign and getting covered publications. enthusiast new technologies, pascal grew interest the blockchain environment. since then has successfully helped several blockchain startups set their marketing efforts raise funds during their icos. pascal experienced marketer, having several corporate clients and startups his portfolio. also regularly hosts meetups for growth marketers amsterdam with his community growth hacker talk. gino taselaar gino data driven growth marketer with key specialisation driving user growth and product adoption within the platform economy space. has worked lead growth marketer eventerprise, the fastestgrowing events platform the world, where applied his growth expertise investor-relations project, helping the startup secure seed investment. has also been responsible for growth vanhack, startup that's disrupting the traditional model career-relocation and hiring, where scaled their developer platform. top these projects, has also facilitated and overseen growth for variety startups the enterprise software branch. gino firm believer the blockchain technology that currently underpins the crypto-revolution, and has closely observed the ever-increasing intersection between and the platform economy, eagerly anticipates (and participates in) the future money. next his passion for startups, innovation and blockchain, gino loves organizing community events within europe's bustling growth-marketing community. wesley van heije wesley creative developer that loves combine his experience software engineering and consultancy create solutions that work. solution architect worked for microsoft and accenture the joint venture called avanade. currently, wesley working for ethereum research and development company called consensys, which reflects his in-depth knowledge solidity and the ethereum blockchain infrastructure. wesley currently responsible for developing and testing the smart contracts that will used for creation and distribution the blockport tokens the pre- and crowdsale. blockport whitepaper v.. thale sonnemans thale pure creative that has instinctive touch for branding innovation that resonates with the brand's audience. the last few years worked for one the largest film production companies amsterdam, called halal, and now putting his learnings and network work blockport. advisors jeffrey dorrestijn founder magnetic field. digital marketing specialist, ex-google. johannes jong head regulatory osborne clarke, fintech lawyer, former afm legal counsel. lars rensing cfo ark.io erik terpstra api specialist, founding software engineer blendle, crypto trader, early adopter blockchain technology. laurens profittlich blockchain r&d and full stack developer peter kits partner deloitte legal blockport whitepaper v.. community involvement please join our telegram give feedback the white paper. part our active community learn more about what do: visit our website http://www.blockport.io join our telegram https://t.me/blockport follow twitter https://twitter.com/blockportnl follow facebook https://www.facebook.com/blockport/ email contact@blockport.io whitepaper contact online singel amsterdam email: support@blockport.io website: www.blockport.io