white paper identity for connected world user centric identity application for regulated industries and the internet everything blockpass.org white paper identity for connected world user centric identity application for regulated industries and the internet everything version legal disclaimer: please read the following notice carefully applies all persons reading this whitepaper. this document was prepared blockpass and its affiliates who may alter and update this notice their discretion. this document does not constitute nor imply prospectus any sort and does not establish relationship between you and blockpass. wording contained herein should construed solicitation for investment. accordingly, this whitepaper does not pertain any way offering securities any jurisdiction. rather, this whitepaper constitutes technical description the business purpose, function, economic and social value the blockpass platform, the creation and distribution pass tokens based that platform, and the promotion, implementation, and adoption identity ecosystem serving conduit among humans, objects, and devices. this whitepaper for information purposes only. users who intend purchase pass tokens are strongly advised read this whitepaper carefully and perform due diligence their respective jurisdictions. users that are citizens resident any country where purchase similar tokens may prohibited, the sale itself deemed not compliant with applicable laws and regulations are not eligible purchase pass tokens this stage. please note that you are resident the united states you will not able purchase pass tokens. blockpass and its affiliates shall have liability for damages any kind arising from the use, reference to, reliance this whitepaper any the content contained herein, even advised the possibility such damages. this paper description the current and planned blockpass ecosystem, the participants designing and developing it, and the project undertaken bring fruition. such, this paper may contain predictions, estimates other information that might considered forward-looking. while these forward-looking statements represent blockpass's current assessment what the future holds, they are subject risks and uncertainties that could cause the actual results differ materially. hence, the reader this whitepaper cautioned not place undue reliance these forward-looking statements, which reflect the opinions the blockpass team only the date issuance the paper. please bear mind that blockpass does not obligate itself revise publicly release the results any revisions these forward-looking statements light new information future events. investing new technology may involve risk and recommend that you seek out independent financial advice before purchasing pass tokens. contents executive summary self-sovereign identity solution effective human identity application for growing user base verified identities benefits for businesses and individuals digital identity solution for humans why start with humans? the blockpass human identity solution the blockpass suite products user application certificates blockpass keys blockpass kyc automated verification system blockpass kyc admin platform roadmap team corporate structure the pass token token distribution events initial token distribution event may november token allocation roadmap other allocations pass tokens glossary blockpass.org page executive summary the world becoming more connected, and recent accelerations the development blockchain technologies attest this fact. now, quickly approaching, web the next generation the internet, where on-chain (blockchain) services will accessible alongside their online counterparts, where profit and value centers will shared across open networks, and where everything will connected. whereas today internet-based industry centralized, and goods and services must obtained through third party (e.g., amazon, uber, airbnb), web users will able online access services that have eliminated centralized forms organization and that operate through decentralized applications (dapps). over time, these dapps, owing shared-cost infrastructures and growing demand among users for data security, will outcompete the centralized applications, and new, decentralized economy will come the fore. make this web vision fully feasible, the blockchain industry and the blockchain networks themselves require the support compliance tools. the starting point for the creation these compliance tools know-yourcustomer (kyc) solution method for blockchain service vendors confirm the identity their customers. this setup will streamline the accessing blockchain services for users and drive down compliance costs for blockchain merchants, who are facing ever-increasing regulatory demands. the internet things, kyc the first step, enables the digitally registered ownership things. blockpass.org page self-sovereign identity solution blockpass identity application for regulated services and the internet things (iot). positioned first step towards the development fully self-sovereign identity protocol for the internet everything (ioe). identity application software product that allows users establish (verify), store, and manage identities. the identities that identity application platform can store include those people, things, and other objects. the current, initial, release the blockpass app provides identity solution for humans. future releases will include solutions for devices and objects. self-sovereign identity application platform where users can establish, store, and manage identities whilst maintaining full control over all data involved. data collected establish self-sovereign identity not stored any central server. instead, the data passed the verifier (be machine human) view only for long required create the identity. when the verification completed, the data sent back the user's own personal device. blockpass its first release creates user-centric identities, integrating kyc procedure that involves data deletion each step verification, and that allows data only stored the user's personal device. any moment, blockpass identities can verified against root hash, derived from merkle tree compose hashes the user's data. the root hash the merkle tree stored child chain, which can entirely deleted the user's request. the internet everything all-encompassing internet things, and will open network where devices and other objects are connected one another and their human owners through the gradual embedding hardware and software. the ioe, the identity every 'thing' person essential. blockpass was conceived multi-purpose identity application for establishing these identities. blockpass' initial releases focus human identity. later, know your device (kyd) and know your object (kyo) protocols will developed that verify 'thing' identities. blockpass.org page effective human identity application for blockpass its current form effective solution for number key use cases. kyc for regulated services, transactions (ie. the purchase security tokens), and dapps. kyc for blockchain merchants and service providers, seeking follow best practices. self-sovereign identity establishment and management for blockchain users. revenue generating proposition for verifiers the proof verification rewards system. growing user base verified identities blockpass identities each are part rapidly growing user base verified persons. the utility this user base cannot overstated. any regulated service provider seeking offer data security its users will able find its audience among this user base. additionally, creators dapps and connected devices will able quickly onboard users device owners who have already established blockpass identities. the growth the blockpass user base will accelerated through the distribution pass tokens, erc standard token. pass tokens function discount vouchers for the blockpass identity procedure. pass tokens will available for purchase from official distributors during the initial token distribution event (itde) from may, until november, blockpass.org page benefits for businesses and individuals business comprehensive identity verification portal for quick and easy user onboarding for regulated industries. rapid user onboarding the use blockchain technology and smart contracts eliminates tedious kyc aml compliance procedures reducing sign friction and increasing conversions. low cost pre-verified compliance with shared regulatory and compliance services, becomes possible onboard users without expensive and duplicative identity verification the same user multiple times across different services. new application potential modernized compliance protocol will enable new levels efficiency and application possibilities for blockchain, fintech, and traditional institutions. individuals faster, safer, easier way access regulated industries. speedy gateway compliant services blockpass provides secure and rapid gateway access icos, exchanges, and other regulated services without the need complete redundant compliance requirements. own your own data blockpass self-sovereign identity verification service that only stores cryptographic representation your verified identity blockchain whitelist. your data stored your mobile device and shared only with those who you choose. shared identity whitelist the end multiple kyc identity checks. blockpass enables users get approved and whitelisted once for near immediate access multiple merchants and service providers. blockpass.org page digital identity solution for humans why start with humans? ultimately, the blockpass identity application will enable the creation, storage, and management identities for any manner 'things,' addition humans. indeed, the original premise for the project was create identities for things like solar panels, that they might each assigned ownership. http://icodata.io/ stats/ http://icodata.io/ stats/ http://news.bitcoin.com/ kyc-requirements-aremaking-icos-riskier-notsafer/ the blockpass team quickly realized that the first step towards this technical feat would create the human identity which the ownership the things would associated. additionally, for number key reasons, starting with humans makes good business sense. kyc big business the number projects raising funds through initial coin offerings (icos) and tokenized security offerings (tsos) has grown quite large alone, icodata recorded billion usd billion euros) raised through icos. just the first three months billion usd billion euros) was raised. blockpass' self-sovereign identity product qualifies applicable kyc/aml compliance for token sales, well for many other regulated services. result, the token sale market major opportunity for blockpass. token sale projects face increasing regulatory pressure icos, and particularly tsos, are facing increasing pressure meet regulatory requirements, and kyc procedures have become the norm among top icos. the icos listed icobench.com march required some form kyc order participate. already, the market has begun react the demand. the increase regulatory requirements, and fines incurred when they are not met, have begun drive compliance investment across the banking, finance, and crypto industries into new and innovative regtech, including digital identity solutions. blockpass.org page the regtech industry growing medici, financial technology market insider, estimates that the regtech industry will reach billion usd billion euros) and kyc the center this growth. ceb global found that surveyed bank executives expected increase their kyc compliance spending, with the range -%. http://gomedici. com/areport-on-globalregtech-a--billionopportunity-marketoverview-analysis-ofincumbents-and-startups/ http://www.fico.com/en/ node/?file= decentralized kyc demand with the rapid approach the web the demand for decentralized regtech solutions that deal with identity significant. usually, kyc involves storing users' personal information company owned (or else third party) servers. decentralized identity solutions function user-centric manner only storing personal data users' own devices and using merkle trees and root hashes that data, stored decentralized manner, for authentication. blockpass.org page centralized kyc user-centric and decentralized kyc server server bank exchange humans server blockpass.org payment system page self-sovereignty something people want: study carried out the pew research center, respondents agreed that consumers have lost control over how personal information collected and used companies. decentralized kyc gives users full-control over their data, and this something people want and are willing pay for. decentralized kyc more cost-efficient for businesses: legacy kyc solutions are prohibitively expensive. report, consult hyperion estimated that kyc check can cost gbp euros) per customer. the most extreme example, thomson-reuters found that some firms were spending million usd million euros) kyc compliance and customer due diligence. additionally, simply eliminating data storage costs, decentralized kyc reduces business' overhead. http://www.adweek.com/ digital/study-pew-publicperceptions-privacy/ http://miteksystems.co.uk/ blog/numbers-speakthemselves-true-cost-amland-kyc-compliance-banksand-payments-firms http://www. thomsonreuters.com/en/ press-releases//may/ thomson-reuters-know-your-customersurveys.html decentralization fosters better user experience: centralized data storage means that kyc check likely only applies single onboarding process. decentralized data storage enables the possibility universal identity wallet. with the blockpass identity application, the user keeps all their digital kyc single place their personal device which they have their fingertips any time. once the user's credentials have been verified and signed, they may re-use them quickly and simply with any number services. when user joins new regulated service, their blockpass identity application configured, they can prove their identity extremely quickly. web developers demand decentralized kyc for their products: current online identity services cannot support the burgeoning development dapps and crypto-assets. kyc solutions that operate off-chain cannot reconcile users' digital identities with decentralized applications. blockchain dapps currently lack regtech solutions that would enable compliant and secure services. for dapps reach their full potential compatible with regulated transactions they require method verify user identities. crypto-asset transactions require onchain kyc: security tokens, which are currently being issued 'meta' tokens ethereum, neo, and other networks, require kyc the issuer, sender, and receiver the asset. transactions the assets should irreversible from legal and non-technical point view, which only possible proving that the counterparty actually signed transfer with blockpass. blockpass.org page the blockpass human identity solution blockpass manifests itself user-centric and self-sovereign identity application for regulated services and the internet things. blockpass offers next-generation, effective identity creation and storage protocol. blockpass built with self-sovereignty mind: blockpass starts from the premise that users need hold and control their own identifying data not third parties. so, blockpass, online identity data belongs to, and entirely controlled by, the user. blockpass does not retain any user data, nor any raw user data stored any blockchain third party server. users choose what credentials they want have verified and signed (such proof address government-issued piece id), decide where that data stored (such their device the cloud), and control who may see it. blockpass digital identities have high degree utility: owner blockpass verified identity, you gain access growing ecosystem web service providers that have chosen accept blockpass identities kyc. for businesses, blockpass can seen shared kyc platform, where pool pre-verified users shared between businesses thus reducing the cost and time onboarding new customers. blockpass digital identities are underpinned their reusability: with blockpass identity application, the user keeps all their digital kyc single place, which they have their fingertips any time. once the user's credentials have been verified and signed, they may re-use them quickly and simply with any number services. when user joins new regulated service, their blockpass identity application configured, they can prove their identity extremely quickly. blockpass offers onchain identity solution that easy combine with other decentralized technologies processes: blockpass offers onchain, immediately available, verified digital identity. for transaction compliant regulators' eyes, both transacting parties need prove the transaction was personally authenticated. with blockpass, users can transparently sign transactions and dapp accounts with their compliant digital identity, meaning that buyers and sellers will able safely and compliantly complete transactions and that dapps will seamlessly meet the basic verification requirements for the services they provide. furthermore, this setup enables the generation multi-signature smart contracts that require personal authentication with the blockpass tool. blockpass.org page the blockpass suite products the blockpass human identity application supported several additional software products. sum total, blockpass consists the following: the blockpass identity user application blockpass certificates the blockpass automated verification system blockpass keys the blockpass kyc admin platform blockpass.org page user application the user application blockpass' consumer-oriented front end. the most basic sense, the blockpass user application portal through which users can manage those digital signatures which constitute blockpass identity. from the app, users are able create new account (profile), submit documents for verification, submit their digital identity service providers pass kyc, log blockpass-enabled services, sign crypto-asset transactions, and access third-party dapps. users, having full control over their blockpass identities, use the application personal dashboard for identity management. environment ios app android app features interfaces with the following: fingerprint scanner front-facing camera rear camera customer establishment identity application scenarios submission information/documentation identity backup identity recovery entry fingerprint face scan password data collected data for entry into user's identity application digital identification data storage local blockpass.org page creating and storing user-centric identity the current set-up the blockpass user application offers usercentric identities. this means central server still maintained, but the user has full control over the storage the final identity product. subsequent releases the application will allow for identity that more self-sovereign. step profile setup part (email verification): the user asked enter their email address. the app sends the email address the server, which generates email validation code, which turn sent the email address. the app asks the user insert the validation code. currently, profile email addresses are stored the server, they may used for identity backup and recovery. future release, users will able opt-out this backup and recovery service. step profile setup part (password, userpubkey, userprivkey): the user asked choose password. the app then generates private and public key pair the userkey which consists the userpubkey and the userprivkey. the app encrypts the userprivkey with the provided password. the server creates association between the email address and the userpubkey. this association stored the server database the current release. step profile setup part (touchid/faceid): after password selection, the user prompted enable touchid faceid, depending the device type. step identity creation (userid generation): the userid the "code" which blockpass identity can recognized service provider other entity which identity submitted. when the userid generated the server, truncated bytes, then sent the blockchain. step kyc verifications: the users' volition, she may submit their own personal information and privately identifiable documents (pid). the more information submitted, the higher the level kyc achieved the users. additionally, the user may enhance their profile including certificates (see below), provided verification experts and service providers. blockpass.org page the verification information that currently accepted the blockpass app includes: first name family name full address phone number date birth passport scan photo user selfie holding proof address scan photo certificates (currently, third party certificates are accepted from onfido, complyadvantage, and blockpass partner service providers the proof verification rewards system). every single piece information submitted within the blockpass user application hashed, creating merkle tree. the root hash this merkle tree stored child chain. when the user needs use their blockpass identity access service, the service can re-create the hash each piece raw data, rebuild the merkle tree, and get the root hash. this hash can then compared against the root hash stored the blockchain order prove that the data has not been tampered with. importantly, the user has the ability have this hash data deleted any time. blockpass handles data encoding using json-ld, which allows for the serialization data using language-independent data format based around interoperability and openness. blockpass.org page build your user-centric identity set profile with three-factor authentication enter your: name date birth address passport scan phone number proof address take selfie holding your passport select send information verifier accept decline verification certificate select service provider from within the app, scan code the service's website blockpass.org page using the blockpass identity access services within the application, services can found the "services" menu. services that are listed the app are listed according the amount kyc that required for user onboarding. services for which the user has provided enough information onboard are listed first, while ones for which the user must provide more information are listed later. alternatively, services can accessed through the use code. upon scanning code, blockpass prompts the user submit the necessary profile information access that service. service providers may perform additional verification checks before onboarding the user. some cases, the service provider can issue certificates that the user can add their profile. blockpass identity backup and recovery possible for blockpass users backup their identity. blockpass user-centric solution, the backup process can only initiated manually the request the user. backups contain all user-generated content, certificates, and the local key. the backup manifests itself binary file, which encrypted with password. version one the blockpass user app, users may send the backup file their email. other destinations will integrated future releases. when user wishes recover their identity, they essentially"port"it into the app that downloaded their app connecting the email address that holds the backup file and entering pin. blockpass.org page certificates certificates can issued blockpass, third-party verifiers (which may automated human) and merchants (the proof verification rewards system). from the user's perspective, they represent profile enhancement and are necessary meet particular kyc requirements. the certificate signed notary, some other human identity professional, who ensures that user credentials are genuine. signed with the notaries' private keys, certificates are unalterable and thus represent the credentials signed. the blockpass certificate standard blockpass certificate includes the following information: all data that had been submitted the user the certificate issuer. free text field where the issuer defines the terms the certificate. dates issuance and expiration. digital signature the issuer. receiving certificate when user chooses submit data for verification, meeting certain requirements, issuer can push certificate (via the admin platform) the blockpass app the user's device. when this occurs, the user receives push notification. the user must review the certificate content before can added their profile. the user has the option reject certificates. blockpass.org page blockpass keys facilitation app authentications blockpass keys are cryptographic keys signed blockpass user, and which can used onboard into third-party dapps and services. like certificates, users can add public private keys their blockpass profile. when service requires public key, the user can decide share their public key. user wishes sign transaction from multi-signature wallet, they utilize one their private keys. verification blockchain transactions blockpass and its official wallet partner, infinito, are working develop multi-signature feature that will allow infinito users generate multi-signature wallet using 'asset' key from within the infinito wallet and private key from the blockpass identity application. the multi-signature wallet would then submitted for whitelisting the token security smart contract, where transactions would require user authentication via key. this countersignatory function necessary enable real-value transfer on-chain. for example, security token smart contract would require the user who purchases the token from whitelisted asset address. whitelisted asset protocols require only that the asset address the whitelist but this not sufficient. must proven that the owner the asset actually signed the transaction move dispose the asset (i.e. addresses with the countersignatory function the identity application). blockpass kyc automated verification system kyc automated verification product that allows users use blockpass for verification with suite partner-automated verifiers. data sent the verification services, certificates are generated and then deleted from blockpass, and request sent the automated verification agents delete their copies. blockpass.org page blockpass kyc admin platform the blockpass kyc admin platform the dashboard for e-notaries and other identity verification professionals sign credentials, and for service providers see the progress kyc onboarding for new users. environment cloud desktop features two-factor (verifiers provided with pin code) verifiers e-notaries (examples) lawyers professionals the verification human identity service providers such icos, exchanges, and any other merchant customer interpret and filter machine-verified data, reduce scenarios false-positive results produced machines investigate positive aml reports; eliminate false positives generate certificates for verification work that has been undertaken certificates can transferred users for review and for inclusion the identity vault, users choose data collected kyc case data only resides the device long the verifier logged case data deleted and returned the user's device the end verification session blockpass.org page roadmap timeframe event activities april release mobile application for android and ios phase blockpass identity application basic ux/ui verification workflow external certificate backup and recovery minimum viable product (mvp) blockpass automated verification api blockpass kyc admin tool third-party verifier integration developer portal blockparser blockpass connect demo application summer release phase blockpass keys mobile application for android and ios improved ux/ui integrated messaging system blockpass automated verification integrated messaging system signed certificate generation ux/ui improvement whitelisting smart contracts apis and tool documentation initiate open-sourcing procedure keys (identity application enables the generation blockchain-based keys for access dapps) end release phase third-party dapps mobile application white-labeling services consolidation tools open source blockpass.org page team adam vaziri ceo adam blockchain lawyer who has spent half decade working blockchain policies and assisting blockchain companies getting licensed and becoming compliant. serial blockchain entrepreneur, having founded cofounded several successful blockchain businesses, including diacle (), bitlegal.io (), chain things (), and qrc (), and impassioned build better, smarter economy the web hans lombardo cmo hans successful entrepreneur and enthusiastic evangelist blockchain technologies, speaking blockchain and fintech events globally. co-founder chain things, hong kong-based startup integrating blockchain and iot devices, and the founder allcoinsnews and chain-finance. sold his previous company, data collection and analytics research firm focused mainland chinese high-technology industries. internet industry veteran. during the internet boom, hans managed the apac operations the internet.com e-business media network and provided due diligence support for the internet.com venture capital fund asia, investing number internet startups greater china. blockpass.org page thomas leiritz cto thomas business and technical expert with years experience and expertise customer-based solutions and full-stack leadership, with lifelong passion for technology. thomas leads the person blockchain team that developing the blockpass application. has wealth experience building applications and dapps for the iot, regtech, and fintech. conor colwell director special projects conor has shot feature documentaries war zones, developed commercial projects for the likes coca-cola and bmw designworks, and helped startup grow people. conor has helped start number companies, from craft beer imports powdered superfood. now focused leveraging decentralized blockchain technologies for positive environmental, humanitarian, and exploration-related applications. toan hoang technical team leader toan has worked number different capacities technical leader and has explored development everything from gaming regtech. blockchain early adopter, looks explore how the technology can used make large positive impacts today's society. toan well-experienced the development decentralized technologies, having participated wide variety projects ibl. blockpass.org page corporate structure blockpass operations are facilitated two entities: blockpass idn limited provides the identity application and kyc verification service. blockpass idn the founder the blockpass foundation, which the issuer the pass token and located the isle man. description blockpass idn name blockpass idn limited incorporation number incorporation date august public registry record https://drive.google.com/ drive/u//folders/swwdjendqbyfhelukijfaiurek registration with hong kong registered agent ils secretaries limited, suite /f, fwd financial centre, des vouex road central, hong kong description foundation name blockpass foundation incorporation number incorporation date september public registry record https://services.gov.im/ded/services/ companiesregistry/viewcompany. iom?id= registration with isle man https://www.iomfsa.im/registers/ financial services authority designated-business/?id= february registered agent blockpass.org corporate options limited third floor, prospect hill, douglas, ej, isle man page the pass token the blockpass foundation will issue the pass token. pass tokens can used obtain discount blockpass verification services. pass tokens are so-called 'kyc tokens'. this means that order transfer token another party, the token holder must undergo blockpass kyc check. pass token technical description network ethereum standard erc kyc functions transfer requires user download blockpass application and register kyc with blockpass foundation. once kyc reviewed then user 'whitelisted' token smart contract then data about user removed blockpass foundation. token acquisition pass tokens can acquired the following ways: initial distribution event (six months through official distributors) second and third distribution event purchase pass tokens from secondary markets, such cryptocurrency token exchanges airdrop (this method intended means popularizing the blockpass app) blockpass.org page participation requirements pass tokens will only available from official distributors during the tde. eligible purchase pass tokens, users will need approach official distributor for purchase. once the user has pass tokens their wallet, they will need download blockpass and register with blockpass idn ltd. unless this step carried out, the user will unable transfer the token someone else. role blockpass idn ltd. and the blockpass foundation the role blockpass idn sell the tokens official distributors, who then resell pass tokens their customers. all distributions pass tokens occur from distributors users. blockpass foundation the appointed protocol administrator the blockpass protocol. blockpass idn ltd. responsible for receiving verification data from users registering with blockpass idn ltd. they can transfer their tokens, and for blockpass idn ltd. verify the profiles the users, add the users the pass whitelist, and then delete the data from the blockpass server. the blockpass foundation will retain data about merchants and distributors pass. rights pass tokens not entitle the holder any rights blockpass idn ltd. nor the blockpass foundation. there participation interest blockpass for token holders. blockpass.org page token distribution events initial token distribution event may november all tokens are purchasable from official distributors posted the blockpass.org website. official distributors are blockchain service providers that have entered into official partnership with blockpass. starting may and ending november official distributors will able sell and transfer pass tokens their customers. from may onwards, any exchange may list pass, and the tokens will freely tradeable. token allocation roadmap total supply: ,,, pass tokens initial token distribution event: may november hardcap: pass tokens softcap: pass tokens retail price per official website. hardcap not met, tokens will added hardcap the second event. second token distribution event: may november hardcap: pass tokens locked currently third token distribution event: may november hardcap: pass tokens locked currently blockpass.org page advisor allocation: pass tokens, unlocked may founder allocation: pass tokens, unlocked may other allocations pass tokens proof verification rewards (povr) system: pass tokens blockpass approved merchants that reverify blockpass approved identities can sell identity certificates blockpass idn exchange for pass tokens. grants for identity startups and research: pass tokens airdrops: pass tokens treasury and market making: pass tokens blockpass.org page glossary acronym definition aml anti-money laundering dapp decentralized application gdpr general data protection regulation: european union regulations the handling customer data ico initial coin offering idn identity network ioe internet everything iot internet things json-ld javascript object notation for linked data kyc know your customer: procedure used identify users part onboarding process customers for online on-chain regulated merchant id-keys tools that can used attach human identities transactions access dapps kyd know your device: procedures that will the next step towards decentralized iot. creates for device "identity" that can attached human one kyo know you object: broader term than kyd, kyo procedure used create identities for objects that other identities may interact own them pass pass token: can used obtain discount the verification services provided blockpass pep politically exposed person blockpass.org page pid privately identifiable document regtech regulatory technology: proposes technological solutions that streamline compliance for individuals, businesses, and governments tde token distribution event tso tokenized security offering web the next generation the web, featuring greater level connectivity for web applications, things, and devices. while the web dependent privately owned servers, web will made possible distributed data storage blockpass.org page white paper identity for connected world version user centric identity application for regulated industries and the internet everything blockpass.org