diplomas certified the blockchain trusted certification. forever. cutting-edge innovation for your certificates bcdiploma develops turnkey application for higher education institutions and their graduates. bcdiploma dematerializes and automates the issuance certified diplomas and certificates: major and lasting advantage, addition "blockchain" security level. bcdiploma provides the graduate with unique url link: over his/her entire life, he/she will able prove the authenticity his/her diploma. trusted certification. forever. eur simple and reliable saas webapp immediate implementation autonomy professional users innovative and sustainable blockchain technology tamper-proof data state-of-the-art security cost-effective single cost per certified diploma subscription recurring fees free consultation trusted certification. forever. manage your degrees templates define the visual layout your diplomas conform your graphical chart responsive custom design trusted certification. forever. certify your diplomas fast and simple select template import excel file verify, publish! share the links the diplomas with the graduates trusted certification. forever. every graduate has lifetime link secured link single click show the certified diploma visible the website your institution available any device respect personal data the student fully controls the diffusion his/her certified diploma data non-collectable for commercial purposes bcdiploma respects the gdpr the european union trusted certification. forever. bcdiploma has been designed make simple use and intuitive. the user does not have worry about the technical aspects the solution, nor about all the underlying blockchain technology. vincent langard cto trusted certification. forever. highest security encrypted data with aes forgery-proof school tamper-proof use data gcm: identity: cryptographic keys: third parties: the most secure algorithm certified smart contract storage specialized saas not possible design containers trusted certification. forever. sustainable solution the cutting edge technology data stored for life all components api set available you are independent the ethereum the available solution for maximum integration the publisher blockchain are open source trusted certification. forever. bcdiploma: essential features blockchain "as service" all blockchain technology aspects are operated bcdiploma, you can focus your job occupations. digital innovation bcdiploma helps you strengthen your "digital" image: your diploma's certification solution will the forefront innovation. based the ethereum blockchain, promising technology that has been appropriated the banks, industry, administrations, and mass media! simplicity and time saving bcdiploma "turnkey" solution. simple, convenient and effective, the application immediately ready used your services. upload all your data, bcdiploma takes care the certification and the publishing. you avoid the complexity documents processing, requisite current solutions implementation (editing "digital originals", storage, hash). you longer have administer digital safes and manage their access rights. with bcdiploma, only the url the diploma necessary consult it. addition, alumni recruiters will stop asking for you issue degrees duplicates certificates. considerable gain for the entire institution. sustainability and accessibility thanks bcdiploma, your diplomas data are safe place. the blockchain technology ensures data durability, the open source model certifies its lifelong accessibility. economic benefits human capital: after short phase customization your diplomas layout, our "turnkey" web application frees you from any development maintenance. hardware resources: forget the hardware budget implement bcdiploma. our blockchain-based solution saves you the cost dedicated servers, digital safes and more. per-unit cost: bcdiploma's business model just basic: you pay fixed amount for each diploma registration. there will subscription fees recurring charges. security bcdiploma designed guarantee you unique level reliability the market. bcdiploma's encryption algorithm, coupled with data storage the ethereum blockchain, ensures top-level security. modification can ever brought the diploma. encrypted, its data remains indecipherable without the url the diploma provided the student. legislation and personal data bcdiploma compliant with the general data protection regulation basic principles (gdpr): data collection any third party will possible, the student can activate the "right forgotten" any time. blockchain certified data avenue albert rueil malmaison france alexis berolatti alexis.berolatti@bcdiploma.com