issue date white paper blockmesh (c) prometheus industries pty ltd. registered the republic south africa company all rights reserved. table contents introduction the company understanding the technology mining the blockmesh what blockmesh now? mesh datagram protocol (mdp) blockmesh meshex primary goals future goals token implementation the team our partners roadmap page blockmesh white paper introduction chris fabian our philosophy co-lead unicef's innovation lab. connect people via self-sustaining network that has "technology has the potential lift people out the ability reward participation. our methodology poverty. all signs point the developing world enable this change running efficient com- skipping past the eras landlines and desktop mercial business model. computers and going straight mobile. that potential for two-way communication changing the face international development. for the first time ever, we're able have clear line people mobile telephony providers have implemented very who are the middle nowhere give them aggressive diffusion strategy for mobile networks, sense future, information, opportunity and especially throughout africa. the aggressive mobile choice." telephony strategy has increased its market share, adoption smart technology and infrastructure. our consumer technology association https://www.cta.tech/news/ blog/articles//july/how-mobile-phones-are-changing-the-developing-worl.aspx technology relies the adoption and market share characteristics, not infrastructure. page blockmesh white paper the global population estimated billion people also estimated that have access internet across the globe about billion non-users affordability infrastructure local adoption use people live below the international poverty line. number countries where broadband people live outside coverage. online content only available languages, which only about three people speak their first. survey participants developed and developing countries have used online government services. the population once household incomes are taken into account. most recently available figures used world bank, unesco adult and youth literacy itu, estimate, world bank, bcg, united nations population division https://esa.un.org/unpd/wpp/ world economic forum https://www.weforum.org/agenda///-reasons--billion-people-are-still-offline/ page blockmesh white paper who pays the most now? whilst there large disparity between individuals who mobile telephony technology, smart phones and its large own smartphones and those that have data enabled mobile adoption the backbone support bluetooth, wire- technology, the trend seems moving towards acces- less and tethering technology linked via mesh networks. sible economical technology that affordable lower income earners. our objective empower users with smart device enabled their choosing, receive encrypted data targeting the largest customer base sound business from recipient whom will collect the data then relay model, however not assisting development especially along the mesh network until received the designated when the fees charged are not proportionate the user's recipient. ability earn, work and pay for those costs. the mesh network route will then rewarded for data passed on. this will mine our "mesh token" which then can our ico allows the deployment platform including also used pay peer peer via our wallet. the token application solve this problem. itself will developed the ethereum network. mesh network network topology which each node relays data for the network. all mesh nodes cooperate the distribution data the network. can applied both wired and wireless networks wireless mesh networks can considered type wireless ad-hoc network. the means operation mesh network very similar composition how humanity communicates. its purest form course... wikipedia https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mesh_networking/ page blockmesh white paper the company introduction blockchain technology has introduced the world decentralisation whilst easing access markets and trade. worldwide adoption becomes reality are excited part this positive change, through providing access all these resources through established interfaces. our belief that remove the barriers access networks and connectivity, will empower the world, alleviate poverty and enlighten part the global village. meet blockmesh through prometheus are first and foremost business, secondly organisation that exists improve lives and break barriers communicating. our belief cannot affect great change without being successful business model first. our methodology implement best management and current-centralised communication ecosystem operates. industry leading practices the pursuit creating value. our understanding and development utilising blockchain has solved our challenge compelling individuals blockmesh started mesh network solution provider support the mesh network, the reward function will utilise october this has enabled develop solution blockchain technology via cryptocurrency order the market which could revolutionise the way the reward supporting the network. page blockmesh white paper are first and foremost business, secondly organisation that exists improve lives and break barriers communicating. years experience csr opportunities ico decentralised page blockmesh white paper understanding the technology what mesh network, not confused with the blockmesh network? challenges mesh technology? mesh network group devices communicating and our team include some the forefront research and passing information from one device another development professionals the planet. blockmesh sequence till the intended recipient reached. understands the complexities the problem are solving. plan solve these with our flexible platform. function blockmesh technology blockmesh and the internet things have created efficient peer peer mesh, anony- the internet things (iot) the network physical devic- mous, decentralised, communications platform. es, vehicles, and other items embedded with electronics, this information will encrypted, end end. mesh software, sensors, actuators, and network connectivity networks relay data and messages using ad-hoc system which enable these objects collect and exchange. with partial mesh configuration. data propagated along path hopping from node node until reaches according research there will nearly billion its destination. ensure that all its paths are available, devices the internet things blockmesh's the network must allow for continuous connections and aim create global platform mesh and channel the must reconfigure itself autonomously around broken iot expansion, each device would not require internet paths, using self-healing algorithms such shortest path access. data can channelled via the mesh prevent bridging. self-healing allows routing-based network latency issues and deterioration bandwidth. operate when node breaks down when connection becomes unreliable. result, the network self-reliable. the denser the population the more robust the mesh will be. wi-fi routers and boosters will further strengthen the network and increase range. wikipedia https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/internet_of_ things#cite_note-linux_things- gartner https://www.gartner.com/newsroom/id/ page blockmesh white paper this will also correct the issue iot devices needing send messages and data there isn't strong enough within wi-fi ranges. data can travel outside the hotspot mesh network available nearby. range via the mesh platform utilising wireless hardware embedded other devices until internet connection can the app can set use the blockmesh network secured. primary setting and normal cellular data secondary option. each iot device will receive wallet address and earn mesh tokens for supporting the offline network and able the user will also earn mesh tokens for every data pay other devices for internet access creating profitable that passes through their mobile device while using the sustainable shared network. app. the blockmesh network allows users send data and the user can then use the earned mesh tokens spend messages through bluetooth instead wi-fi and cell cryptocurrency buy mobile data any mesh hotspot towers, so, it's essentially cost-free. however, our users can fraction the price typical cellular data. also use the blockmesh app with their normal cellular data page blockmesh white paper the blockmesh platform meshdev the blockmesh platform platform supporting mesh mesh will deliver platform where our open source code based devices focusing communication and the iot. our that will allow developers create apps and custom solu- platform will provide the user the ability communicate tions the platform take advantage data free data and digitally transact the peer peer network, crushing transfers. there small fee dependant data volume data costs and banking fees. aim create self-sus- payable mesh token. tainable financial ecosystem for communication and iot. meshex users and iot devices can earn "mesh token" for supporting the network and pay "mesh token" for access meshex our custom wi-fi routers which will support and conventional internet fraction the cost. users increase the network (blockmesh mining). users utilising with unlimited wi-fi can offer their community clients the routers homes their small business will internet access with passwords needed. with "mesh" rewarded for each support the data free mesh the internet connection can then passed beyond the network via the hotspot created. users can also offer hardware range. internet connections the mesh passing the connection far beyond the hardware hotspot limitations. users wanting our goal become the leaders mesh technology conventional internet with meshex range will charged reinvesting the technology and creating platform where mesh token per megabyte. converting uncapped any developer can take advantage our network with our internet line from expense value generation tool. simple open source api. page blockmesh white paper meshad advertising meshad will revolutionary advertising platform where example- shoe store mall can purchase meshad small and large businesses can purchase packages packages with defined criteria (female, years old, advertise along the mesh. most advertising packages online clothing) then apply the amount "links" the mesh are gender and age driven within set location. meshad tripped. "links" are the amount devices the meshad developed clients' interests and hobbies with advanced with travel increasing range. this give the retailers the "location trip advertising". opportunity directly advertise/issue coupon clients within the vicinity. increasing value for advertising and reaching clients your doorstep. clients are only charged for each received advert. page blockmesh white paper security large focus ours security. our view that the mesh datagram protocol (mdp) natively supports unsigned security the data moving through the mesh requires clear, signed clear, and signed encrypted payloads using industry leading encryption. this non-negotiable aspect the destination and origin blockmesh identity (sid)s the technology and our business. our understanding keys; efficient encryption technologies developed, however will incorporate specialists that can ensure remain the routing protocol uses randomly generated blockmesh the forefront encryption technology. identity (sid)s, not mac imsi device addresses, making difficult for eavesdroppers link person handset; our relationship with leading anti-malware providers allows deliver anti malware and anti-virus leading technol- rhizome uses strong hash (digest) algorithm prevent ogies through our application. our vision secure all tampering with the contents files that distributes; facets our code ensure robust platform communicate, transact and store value. rhizome uses cryptographic signatures all manifests prevent tampering with file meta data and identity; the security framework developed uses the elliptic curve crypto system provide authentication and digital signing, rhizome can encrypt its payloads (independently mdp data encryption and decryption, and identity management encryption); for the mesh network. rhizome allows anonymous and fully deniable authorship. the main parts the security framework are: the per-device keyring file contains encrypted secret keys for many identities, each identity unlocked with its own pin (pass-phrase), and every identity deniable while not unlocked; mesh datagram protocol (mdp) uses elliptic curve public keys its network address space, once subscriber known, trivially easy send encrypted traffic him/ her, and straightforward perform key exchange for secure sessions; page blockmesh white paper liquidity bancor coin breakdown smart-tokens provide simple and powerful building block total market cap billion for implementing new types monetary models, applica- total ico million tokens ($.) tions and value networks such local currencies, project tokens, decentralized index funds and much more. mining future development mainstream adoption blockmesh founders pre ico reward air drop service providers ico page blockmesh white paper mining the blockmesh "mining" blockmesh through proof network reward systems are integral part ensuring the blockmesh network grows, also ensures create environment where all involved benefit from supporting the network. mining rewards will distributed over years and calculated per passed along the mesh.* capped personal usage gb's per month. this deter close looping. reward airdrop times year for year. this reward "hodling". mobile mesh users hotspot users users with the app their mobile device users with wi-fi routers boosters can now will rewarded data sent via the app. the convert expense value producing asset. user will only need use the app for free earning mesh token providing internet paid communication services. users using the the mesh and increasing the mesh range and app for communication via the mesh will stability. custom wi-fi routers and software charged zero data fees and still earn mesh available the website. token just for having the app active their phone supporting the network. page blockmesh white paper what blockmesh now? free and open-source app for android "froyo" and later, under continuous development. the official release the blockmesh app will freely available from google play initially believe the target market intend saturate operates the android operating system. blockmesh allows people make voice communication, send text messages and share files with other blockmesh users, without requiring infrastructure like satellites, cell phone towers, wi-fi hot spots, radio repeaters. blockmesh can use the wi-fi capabilities built into android connect with other devices within range. this requires nearby access point, turning the portable hotspot feature one device. some device's blockmesh can use hoc mode communicate directly with other devices within range, allowing communications easily relayed over multiple hops. requires root permission the android device. page blockmesh white paper mesh datagram protocol (mdp) mdp has been designed for use wireless mesh net- mdp does not guarantee packet delivery preserve work, which nodes may move and connections may packet order. mdp may deliver duplicate copies packets. intermittent highly variable quality. mdp unrelated the mdp client applications using higher level the internet protocol, although copies some concepts protocols layered over mdp detect duplicate and deal such port numbers. the main characteristics mdp are: with lost and out-of-order packets. every address, also known blockmesh identity (sid), mdp uses per-hop retransmission solve the cumulative -bit public key the elliptic curve crypto system used end-to-end packet loss that can plague wireless networks. the blockmesh application. the security framework (to carry packet over hops, where each hop has describes this approach more detail. probability dropping packet due interference collision, the end-to-end loss -(-p)n. for example, given every node device may have one address (device identifi- per-hop packet loss five hop route has net cation (sid)) many, which creates itself using random packet loss and ten hop route %.) the retrans- key generation. the large size the key space means that mission scheme does not attempt perfect does the probability two devices having the same address not guarantee zero packet loss and can produce duplicate remains negligible, even the mesh grows billions packets but can restore practically unusable route devices. highly usable, independently the route length, the expense higher latency, some packet re-ordering, and the payload every mdp packet may clear text, some duplicate packets. signed, encrypted and signed. (encrypted but not signed not currently option, but future advances the nacl every packet has source and destination mdp port crypto library may make this possible.) the encryption key number, which are completely unrelated internet port the public key (address) the recipient, and the signing numbers. encrypted packets, these port numbers are key the private key the sender. part the encrypted payload, which makes harder for eavesdropper guess the purpose the packet. mdp osi level (network) layer, and may carried over any wireless wired data link, whether over shared medium (eg, csma/ca used wi-fi) dedicated medium (eg, ax. packet radio, serial cable). page blockmesh white paper blockmesh meshex the blockmesh mesh extender hardware device that interface codan/barrett radios for very-long-range helps other devices join and participate blockmesh communications links. (support for other radios also mesh network. possible) second-generation mesh extenders: provides standard wi-fi access point for nearby devices (such smart phones) that not support hoc wi-fi powered external usb, v/v automotive mode. and/or solar. (with mttp tracking charge controller) offers the blockmesh (app for android) app for android integrated lifepo/liion/sealed-lead-acid battery charger for download via http that people can join the mesh network without having previously installed the app. custom-designed injection-moulded housing. acts rhizome node, storing and forwarding files and designed meet environmental resistance. meshms messages integrated "mesh things"/"internet things" i/o port fully interoperable with first generation mesh extenders microsd card for bulk storage. (reduced power consumption versus usb) wi-fi access point (for devices connect) and ad-hoc wi-fi. (between mesh extenders) rfd/rfd uhf packet radio. (up range ine-of-sight, indoors) page blockmesh white paper primary goals for blockmesh blockmesh young company with large aspirations. our ambition deliver the below medium goals after ico: create cryptocurrency "mesh token" that will become the "reward" token for users who support the network. this token will listed exchanges for cross platform trading. large scale deployment network hubs initially support network. crisis and disaster communication redundancy for locations they are supported. page blockmesh white paper future goals for blockmesh hosting mooc educational repositories that live the mesh network allowing users locally download and store educational material not reliant data costs for access content. subscription services for hosting stores and marketplaces. debit card linked our token and wallet. trip mesh advertising. page token implementation tokens will given reward for launching and supporting the blockmesh network. peer peer payments. app purchases. traded global cryptocurrency exchanges. blockmesh white paper page blockmesh white paper the team bjorn dingemans jaap griessel founder ict advisor (ibm, computer associates, dimension data) tyron caithness mike weetman head financial advisor (former cfo yahoo and dreamworks usa) paul gardner stephen jason griessel head research head business development matthew schulz wesley billet head digital operations head marketing anje hoogervorst kevin dunbar digital analyst head design gareth stuurman christopher underwood android developer digital analyst eureka zandberg legal counsel page blockmesh white paper our partners bancor mesh proud have partnered with bancor, our belief that without bancor's technology implemented into future projects the token ecosystem dlt will not grow exponentially. more announced. page blockmesh white paper our roadmap road map quarter ico listing quarter token distribution via web wallet and exchange listing quarter mobile app android and iphone- mesh hotspot reward roll out quarter app marketplace currency structure ethereum erc token purchase methods accepted: btc and eth reading taking part our ico you agree our t's c's. click here view t's c's time