early community draft version subject change bloom protocol decentralized credit scoring powered ethereum and ipfs bloom protocol for assessing credit risk through federated attestation-based identity verification and the creation network peer-to-peer and organizational creditworthiness vouching ("credit staking") jesse leimgruber, alain meier, john backus last updated january table contents abstract bloom protocol overview bloomid (identity attestation and credit vouching) organizational identity attestation peer-to-peer attestation and vouching bloomiq (credit registry) payment data format tamper-proofing reported data fair credit reporting default risk evaluation and reliability scores bloomscore (credit scoring) scoring phase calculating reliability scores scoring phase scoring phase the loan risk assessment lifecycle bloom token (blt) roadmap bloomcard team founding team advisors abstract background the congress declared credit scoring monopoly controlled just one organization, fico[]. fico provides credit scoring for more than top lenders[]. fico's credit scoring system leaves over million americans "credit invisible" and additional million unscorable[]. globally, the situation even worse. the world's population does not have bank account[]. billion people are unable obtain credit card and residents developing nations experience difficulty receiving debt financing from traditional financial institutions. traditional credit bureaus require borrowers take debt before obtaining credit score, leaving millions potentially creditworthy individuals unscorable the current credit system. credit scoring similarly siloed around the world, further exacerbating these issues. credit scoring providers can not operate globally, meaning that when borrower moves new country, they must rebuild their credit scores from scratch their score does not follow them. since identity verification also centralized, applying for loan requires users expose all their personal information, putting individuals increased risk experiencing identity theft. credit losses due identity theft exceed billion each year. overview this whitepaper, introduce global, decentralized credit protocol, bloom. bloom addresses these existing limitations lending moving credit scoring and risk assessment the blockchain. bloom standardized, programmable ecosystem facilitate on-demand, secure, and global access credit services. bloom presents novel approach credit risk assessment allowing both traditional fiat lenders and digital asset lenders issue compliant loans the blockchain while increasing competition lower fees and improve borrower experience every layer the credit issuance process. the bloom protocol presents solutions the following problems: cross-border credit scoring: credit histories are not portable across countries, forcing individuals re-establish their credit track records from scratch when they relocate. backward-looking creditworthiness assessment: credit systems rely historical debt repayment information and therefore cannot easily accommodate users who are new credit. this especially prevalent among minorities, the underbanked, and the youth[]. lenders have limited ability expand and offer loans globally: borrowers markets with less developed financial and regulatory infrastructure struggle access credit lenders have limited identity and scoring data base credit decisions. high risk identity theft: borrowers must expose all their personal information when applying for loan the same info attacker can use open new lines credit. uncompetitive credit scoring ecosystem: credit data centralized. most markets, single provider scores credit, resulting uncompetitive ecosystem for evaluating credit risk. fico was checked all u.s. loans[]. protocol components there are three main systems which comprise the bloom protocol: bloomid (identity attestation): bloomid creates global secure identity, allowing lenders offer compliant loans globally, without forcing borrowers expose personal information. bloomiq (credit registry): bloomiq system for reporting and tracking current and historical debt obligations that are tied user's bloomid. bloomscore (credit scoring): the bloomscore metric consumers' creditworthiness. this decentralized score similar fico vantagescore score, but with updated models. the bloom protocol improves the current credit ecosystem creating globally portable and inclusive credit profile, reducing the need for traditional banking infrastructure and opaque, proprietary credit scores. this means both traditional fiat lenders and digital asset lenders will able also securely serve the billion people who currently cannot obtain bank account credit score. bloom decentralizes the credit industry while lowering rates and increasing security. bloom makes easy for lenders transition the blockchain offering new, compliant way for them access new markets. bloom protocol overview bloomscore, decentralized credit score the blockchain the bloom protocol facilitates the broadening and efficient operation the credit market allowing both fiat and digital asset lenders extend credit individuals and institutions operating markets with underdeveloped immature credit infrastructure, national identities banking systems, without taking additional risk. bloomscore dynamic indicator individual's likelihood pay debts that adapts the maturity user's credit history (or lack thereof). splitting user's credit scoring mechanism into three phases that each take into account different data points with varying weights, bloomscore can produce score that conducive building credit from the ground while helping creditors differentiate the credit risk consumers markets and communities with sparse data. the bloom protocol provides solutions enable any lender authorized borrower safely and securely issue credit that borrower. there are three components the bloom protocol: bloomscore initially relies peer-to-peer credit stakes from bloomid means bootstrapping trust and eventually transitions primarily using the user's own spending habits and credit activity proxy for creditworthiness. organizational stakers with established presence can vouch for users with strong credit under the current system allowing them transition their existing history and reputation the bloom network. bloomiq, registry for reporting and tracking historical credit bloomiq system for reporting and tracking current and historical debt obligations that are tied user's bloomid. bloomiq's tracking mechanism puts the user control, requiring each instance payment data release party authorized the user. one the primary goals bloomiq allow user import existing credit history this decentralized system, reducing the need for credit-established users build their credit quickly. bloomid, attestation-based identity and creditworthiness bloomid lets users establish global, federated identity with independent third parties who publicly vouch for their identity information, legal status and creditworthiness. these third parties can friends, family peers who vouch for user's identity and/or creditworthiness ("peer-topeer staking") organizations who earn revenue evaluating user's credentials ("organizational staking"). bloomid (identity attestation and credit vouching) organizational stakers can either inherit trust from their existing reputation (such existing credit bureaus and identity companies who publicly announce which attestation contracts they control) establishing track record successful identity attestations the network. the foundation decentralized credit system securely established and verified identity. order prevent against common network attacks (such sybil attacks), each participant's identity must for each identity attester respectively using their public keys. the attesters evaluate the information returned them the user and publish the blockchain whether has satisfied their requirements. adequately established with high cost attempting create new, false identities that appear authentic. bloomid the bloom protocol's method both establishing reliable identity well forming the basis creditworthiness for users who are newly entering the bloom network. bloomid allows organizations who store information about individual identities attest the identity bloom user and mark that information the blockchain for future re-use. reusable identity verification publishing all historical identity attestations the blockchain, organizations can help take part building reusable identity that builds trust over time rather than having re-evaluated for every transaction with new lender. this can not only save money across the network lenders, but can also help significantly reduce on-boarding time reducing duplicate work anti-fraud and compliance teams across lending organizations. addition, user's friends, family and peers can help individual bootstrap creditworthiness vouching for their ability act responsibly with credit. during this credit vouching process, user's peers can also attest various identifying traits such individual's name date birth help secure the network and provide further proof identity for the user. example organizational identity attestations there are many kinds identity attesters that can supported bloomid. below nonexhaustive list potential attestation types: organizational identity attestation private companies like credit bureaus and governments currently hold the majority identity data that exists the world. these organizations play critical role helping onboard users onto the bloomid system attesting the authenticity usersubmitted data. electronic verification: verification identity data cross-checking supplied information with multitude public records, private records and governments from around the world. documentary verification: verification identity document like passport driver's license and whether the image the person the document matches the user submitting the scan the document. social verification: verifying the identity information users via social networks like facebook and analyzing their friend graph help reduce fraud. sanction screening: ensuring that user not one the many global sanction programs operated various governments around the world. politically exposed persons: ensuring that user not considered politically exposed person (someone with promi- loan contract, the lenders detail the identity attesters whom they trust and would require attest the potential customer that they can fulfill the loan within their risk parameters. these external attesters can then agree verify the identity information and provide their public keys response along with description the data they need order complete their attestation, such "name", "date birth", and "address". the user then attaches their identity information encrypted nent political function who high risk potential bribery corruption involvement). the financial history their peers can used heuristic and indicator for what patterns their own repayment behavior can reasonably expected follow[]. fico, comparison, considers individuals who lack credit history "credit invisible". the purely retrospective approach definition renders fico (inter alia) unable evaluate new customer. peer-to-peer attestation and vouching the bloom protocol, "peer-to-peer staking" mechanism for representing real-world relationships between individuals with the goal establishing both indicator creditworthiness and authenticity identity. evidence suggests that individual's creditworthiness can reliably determined the people who would vouch for their creditworthiness[]. this concept vouching would not specific statement about credit event such "bob vouches that alice likely repay loan", but rather general statement that bob trusts alice's judgement not apply for more credit than she can afford. for example, alice stakes four her peers who have all paid off their student loans and pay their rent time, then lender can take more risk alice because she likely behave similarly her peers. likewise, frank stakes several friends when joins the bloom network and these friends end making late payments and defaulting loans, then lender can mitigate their risk dealing with frank requiring higher interest rate requesting collateral. conceptually, this not dissimilar google's pagerank algorithm, the core which the assumption that webpage has high count quality inbound links, then the webpage must important. enabling users vouch for ("stake") other people they personally know, and whom they expect financially responsible has several benefits: staking acquaintances who ultimately fail meet obligations towards their creditors, frank has compromised his own creditworthiness. similarly, frank's acquaintances have imposed cost him failing adequately meet their financial obligations. the network effect created this system extends beyond enhancing accountability between creditors and debtors, but adds additional element accountability amongst real-world social groups. facilitates access credit for new users increases permanence credit scoring and ensuring appropriate weighting long-term and short-term spending and payment habits, e.g. avoiding users creating new accounts reset their score enhances resilience fraud through the bloom network frank realizes that most his peers are unlikely behave financially responsibly, might more conservative with the number peer-to-peer stakes establishes. staking small number peers might done deliberately hide the fact that the user does not know many people who are financially responsible, but this reduced participation the revealing creditworthiness through relationships establishing bilateral stakes with trusted colleagues, friends and family, users reveal the type financial network they are part of. user does not have rich credit history their own, peer-to-peer staking network will factored into the assessment frank's own creditworthiness. prove their own creditworthiness. this leaves the user with the options staking users they staked with their first account, staking peers they did not want stake with their first account, staking significantly fewer people with their new account. the user stakes peers they chose not stake with their first account, stakes significantly fewer people, their new account will have harder time getting access credit well. the user chooses stake even subset the same users that they staked with their first account, the network will able identify that several peer-to-peer stakes are showing with the same attached secrets and flag the account duplicate. these varying behaviors that produce different number stakes can used heuristic for creditworthiness. user who part network financially responsible participants should able quickly accrue bilateral stakes. each the users they stake also likely have more stakes their own that have been acquired quickly. the expectation that members riskier social grouping are more likely add stakes slowly and more sparsely connected network. identity attestation and furthering permanence metrics this system acts valuable heuristic ensure that fewer users will increase their perceived creditworthiness abandoning their bloomid and moving new one, thereby enhancing the permanence the bloomscore. user has low bloomscore and has difficulty obtaining credit, they will likely tempted abandon their bloomid and create new one. bilateral staking imposes cost such behavior, making more detrimental for user abandon their bloomid than simply accept their current bloomscore. securing the bloom network attacker could create hundreds fake bloomids and have these fake accounts all stake each other. the attacker could then setup her own fake loan organization and have the fake accounts pretend take out and pay off loans. this process could effectively produce bloomids that appear authentic with good financial history that the attack could then use defraud real loan originators. when alice and bob stake each other, the bloom app can prompt each user confirm the other user's birthday. then, each user's stake can include hash composed secret generated the staking user and the birthday the user they are staking. this creates identifier unique the staker and stakee that should remain the same the recipient signs for new account with the same birthday. turn, can enforce that the user's birthday the same across accounts requiring that the signup birthday provided part attestation for loan. the bloom network will bootstrap the network marking small number users and organizations "trusted" network participants. these participants will manually vetted the bloom team. loans, attestations, and risk assessments involving trusted participants during the bootstrapping phase will mark certain participants authentic bloom users. trusted users will instructed only stake people they know and are willing vouch for, they are unlikely stake the fake users created our attacker. likewise, unless the attacker willing create and maintain real loan company, the real users are unlikely interact with the fake loan companies. user could try stake entirely different set people with their new account, but this would require significantly more work and the user's incentive for their first account would have been establish many quality stakes possible im- her peer's transaction history identifying information about alice (name, address, etc) networks real users should contain marked participants from the bootstrapping phase. the attacker's network will seem unusually disconnected from the rest the network. the attacker successfully engaged loan scam with one her fake users, will taint the scores many users the attacker's network. unusually disconnected network users with financially responsible users that suddenly start scamming loan companies will identifiable quickly before can cause meaningful amount damage the network. peer staking doesn't solve fraud, but dramatically increases the cost abuse within the bloom network. alice has enough past loans and still has very high bloomscore then the loan company could opt issue the loan without further checks. the loan provider wants more information though, they can set requirement the loan that risk assessment their choosing ("riskco") needs stake the loan order for the contract release funds alice. when riskco's stake added requirement the loan, riskco can bloomiq (credit registry) ask for access alice's existing payment history add requirement the contract for data provider ("dataco") provide payment data that isn't available the blockchain (for example, utility bill payments) bloomiq system for reporting and tracking current and historical debt obligations that are tied user's bloomid. bloomiq designed bring the wealth pre-existing and comprehensive credit history the blockchain while maintaining privacy for the user introducing user approval-based system information dissemination, offering marked improvement over current systems. data about individual's ability pay past debts remains important part determining credit risk, and bloomiq enables this functionality decentralized and reusable. dataco needs information about alice's identity lookup data then would add pii requirement stating that needs alice share certain identifying information can perform lookup via its alternative data sources. alice has final say over all requests. she can choose not provide pii payment information she doesn't want disclose and will simply terminate the contract without cost any parties involved. alice wants accept the requests, she can take the requested information (pii payment history), encrypt using the requesting party's public key, write ipfs, and attach the ipfs name loan. for example, when issuing loan alice, lender can see alice's: reliability score metric gauging user's individual credit repayment history success) peer score metric determine the average reliability score the peers the user) number loans taken out the past the bloom network past identity attestations performed payment data format when dataco shares payment information for user, they are expected share data the following format: unless alice has taken out loan from this company before, they cannot see: alice's past loan information (total loaned, payment amounts, etc) formation and the address the intended recipient: struct paymententry date integer amount integer struct repaymentlog nonce integer summary string schedule array payments array the recipient can interface with the contract share the data with other collaborators: consider the following data: nonce summary for schedule date date payments date date date report address _recipient bytes _ipfsuri .... cell phone bill payments amount amount sharereport bytes _originalipfsuri address _recipient bytes _ipfsuri .... when organization accesses shared resource from contract, can lookup the original ipfs resource check that the original signature matches. the nonce helps deter against attackers generating different plausible json until one matches the signature. sharereport will rejected the contract the sender and originalipfsuri don't match existing report. the loan recipient never allowed issue original report their own loan. amount amount amount this represents agreement that requires payment january and february the payments section indicates three payments january st, january th, and february st. all past payment information written ipfs and reference stored the user's bloomid. the summary should displayed alice when asking her confirm the payment information. fair credit reporting default bloom's privacy model puts loan recipients the center all transactions involving their private information and credit history. users can review the information before sharing with the company performing risk assessment. the event that information incorrect, the user can work with the data vendor amend their records using the same methods available today. this workflow promotes proactive correction information before impacts user's bloomscore. sharing data with the risk assessment company authorizes them update the user's reliability score. unlike traditional credit systems, users can catch mistakes before they impact their creditworthiness. when loan paid off the recipient defaults, the loan provider expected consolidate the loan information down this format and attach the recipient's bloomid. tamper-proofing reported data when dataco reports information the loan contract, they share the ipfs uri the encrypted in- when loan has matured, the loan provider expected consolidate the loan payment schedule down the previously mentioned format, publish ipfs encrypted for the recipient, and attach the recipient's bloomid. risk evaluation and reliability scores once riskco has received all the payment information required order assess alice's creditworthiness, riskco required to: bloomscore (credit scoring) update alice's reliability score reflect any new payment information attached her bloomid approve reject the loan the goal the bloom network securely expose anonymized information about financial networks and historical payments both lenders and borrowers benefit. the bloom network will compute bloomscore for each user that evaluates their creditworthiness. riskco does not have make their decision for the loan solely based the bloomscore, but they are required update the bloomscore using the formula agreed upon the network. can think bloom user being one three phases account maturity she enters the bloom network: the user has just recently signed and has only staked other users, none whom are financially active yet the network the user's peers are financially active the user has taken out loans otherwise has financial information available the bloom network bloom users each phase are able improve their creditworthiness. each phase corresponds more knowledge about the user and raises the ceiling for how high the user's credit score can before the user ascends the next phase. alice's updated reliability also triggers updates the peer scores the users she has staked. longest repayment history file the initial bloom release computes simple score based past debt obligations and payment history. the network grows with time expect increase the sophistication the score based what usage best predicts outcomes. proposed improvements will vetted and voted the participants the ecosystem response how real-world use the protocol unfolds. average payment total per month number past loans total amount paid across all reported information the initial bloom score will between and inclusive. phases one and two will capped and respectively. each phase scored differently order optimally fit the information available. order make prediction from these indicators, will calculate multivariate logistic regression. the indicators above would represented vector each indicator will also have corresponding weight such that our logit is: users will start with score new users will then stand out from users who have defaulted scammed and therefore have score closer zero. g(x) ... and our regression expressed scoring phase r(u) users who have not staked any users with financial activity will scored the number stakes they have established and how long took them establish those stakes. individuals from more financially responsible social networks should able find more people they can stake, they should have higher number stakes, and they should established closer the user's signup date. eg(u) eg(u) where offset, the weight for the indicator, and user the network. for the sake having simple implementation, each indicator will bucketed into discrete category. for example, "total amount paid across all reported information" will initially included taking round(log(total)) reduce the variable down bucketing order magnitude. new users should able quickly get score they add eight more stakes week less. fewer numbers longer time acquire stakes should reduce the number the user can reach. the target number users required get perfect will lower the bloom network starting off. the transformation continuous indicators into discrete values requires adding dummy variables for each indicator. so, for example, has discrete outcomes then the actual calculation would calculating reliability scores bn,i dn,i reliability score prediction whether user likely pay back future loan time given their past financial activity. bloom will start with reliability score that takes into account: where each dn,i dummy variable for and bn,i the corresponding weight. the final calculated score will scaled that between and the weights, indicators, and indicator categories will subject vote the bloom network. total amount paid vs. total amount owed scoring phase the peer score for user will the average bloomscore each peer the user has staked, capped maximum the equation below, the number peers the user has staked. min(, r(ui scoring phase the final phase account maturity, the user has her own financial activity well financially active peers. their bloomscore now uncapped and the weight each payment they make weighted equally the bloomscore one their stakes. the equation and still correspond "paid" and "total owed" but instead (u) write, for example, mean the second payment the user has ever paid. r(ui s+n loan originator creates contract detailing the amount the loan, the repayment schedule, and the requirements the risk assessment user reviews and agrees the contract external attesters and stakers agree verify identity and creditworthiness based loan originator's set desired attesters and stakers organizations update contracts with personally identifiable information (pii) requirements that they need fulfill attestations such "name", "address", "date birth" user attaches encrypted details for each attester and staker their bloomid contract using the public keys the respective parties identity verifier attests the user's provided data riskco pays alternative data provider (telco) for anonymized transaction history riskco uses additional payment history information decide whether stake user requirements all met. borrower can withdraw credited funds /tj s+n the loan risk assessment lifecycle putting these concepts together, below simplified example the full risk assessment lifecycle including one identity attester and three credit stakers. this example illustrates how one would port traditional fiat-based lending lifecycle the blockchain, but less developed markets, the required attesters and credit stakers could customized fit the demographic that being evaluated. bloom token (blt) the bloom token (blt) both the currency and scoring enhancement mechanism the bloom network. the bloom token allows organizations participate evaluating user identities and creditworthiness. also serves the proposal and voting who vote that organization's inclusion receive reward funded the application fee. token guide the evolution the bloom credit scoring system. voting users will required review applications submitted these organizations for legitimacy determine they should included the bloomscore completing activities such reviewing the applicant's website, researching the directors and other controlling parties, and reviewing the applicant's proposed means contributing the network. network currency the current credit infrastructure, common for lenders pay identity verification and credit risk assessment companies for their services. similarly, identity attesters and risk assessors the bloom network will able set prices and receive payment for their services blt. distributed scoring enhancements bloom invitation system one the primary functions blt serve proposal mechanism for instituting changes the bloomscore phases and algorithms. this proposal mechanism allows bloom maintain credit scoring system that evolves according the needs its users. identity and risk attesters provide their services lenders, they will accrue amount blt roughly proportional their benefit created within the ecosystem. this turn will allow lenders, identity attesters, and risk assessors propose and vote the changes they would like see happen credit scoring level. our decentralized scoring enhancement system will handled using aragon some subset thereof. while the network its infancy without wide array identity attesters, lenders, and risk attesters, more susceptible attack. order account for this the bootstrapping days the network, bloom will have invitation system which blt users will required put fractional amount blt collateral for users who they invite. this not collateral ensure that invited users not default loans one-off instances but rather collateral serve protection against mass-scale network malicious accounts. requiring some blt put collateral for invite adds negligible amount friction for signing and inviting friends. the small amount blt required create account builds meaningful amount capital attacker wants create network malicious accounts. members this network end committing exit scams, then this upfront cost mostly sacrificed, making exit scams via large fake networks more expensive even during the bootstrapping phase the network. accrediting attesters lenders and organizations within the bloom network can have their customers' payment histories reflected individual's bloomscore. this similar how credit bureaus work with private companies both big and small form reporting relationships where nonpayment for loans reflected individual's credit report. handle this decentralized environment, payment history providers and lenders will need submit proposals the ecosystem regarding why they are trustworthy, what their business does, and why their data should included bloomscores. any blt collateralized the invitation system will returned the sending users after one year. this invitation system will also serve way concentrating launches the network within different communities around the world. the bloom system relies heavily network effects and thus the invitation system will help bloom overcome the activation energy that would otherwise prohibitive fully organic and potentially sparse network spread. this will take approach similar the adchain registry wherein blt paid organizations applying included the bloomscore and users roadmap phase democratized autonomous credit infrastructure over time blt flows through the network. lenders, data attestation providers, and borrowers will all own bloom network token and their amount acquired will correlate their influence the network. the bloom protocol will developed major phases: phase bloom invitation system and voting phase will allow for users use blt invite their friends and colleagues seed the initial network securely. users with blt will able vote early development-related proposals for the future the network. governance the scoring protocol will gradually turned over blt holders, granting them determination over: which organizations will able update and provide information bloomscore the weights and factors considered the bloomscore development and scoring protocol updates phase bloom identity matching (bloomid) phase will deploy application allowing users verify their identity and get matched with their bloomid. during this phase, users will able confirm identity information and connect data for bloomiq. bloomcard help expedite the adoption the protocol, bloom launching the bloomcard. bloomcard blockchain credit card built the bloom protocol. bloomcard intended serve model for all future credit providers and simultaneously allow the bloom protocol deployed and developed live environment. the bloomcard will start ethereum debit card and additional functionality will added over time. phase credit staking (precursor bloomscore) peer peer staking modules will built first, followed organizational staking. phase creditworthiness assessment (bloomscore) phase will allow users check their score, well open developer ecosystem lenders check given user's bloomscore, providing sufficient privileges are granted from the loan recipient. bloomcard the first project based bloom credit infrastructure, launched alongside the bloom protocol. the intention not for bloom become large-scale credit provider. instead, bloomcard example that sets precedent for other lenders and help users build bloomscore lieu traditional transaction data. transaction data created using the bloomcard that can turn fed into the bloomscore. phase bloom credit protocol launch bloomcard once the risk assessment and scoring protocol complete, bloom will launch the bloomcard. the bloomcard will serve brand new way for individuals display creditworthiness and improve their bloomscore. users whose application supported their bloomscore will able obtain bloomcard, whether they have fico score and established traditional credit history, live market that currently lacks credit services. now manages over annually digital marketing spend. his developments user acquisition have allowed him become webby award winner and his methodology has been attributed the exponential growth numerous billion dollar brands. bloomcard differentiated from any other traditional unsecured consumer credit provider the market allowing global access credit, including underdeveloped markets. before launching, bloomcard will compliant with relevant regulatory standards and aims launch first the united states. bloomcard will use eth its means payment and will provide users with the best-available spot exchange rate from eth usd without any unnecessary mark-up. alain meier alain meier studied computer science stanford university and served research scientist for stanford bitcoin group. founded ceo, balaji srinivasan, the stanford bitcoin group stanford university's blockchain research organization. alain developed number open source cryptography projects including cryptonote.me, open-source service allowing users send encrypted, single-view messages seconds. following his work stanford, alain serving the ceo compliance and identity verification company, cognito (formerly blockscore). the bloomcard will the first credit card built entirely the bloom protocol. the bloomcard aims offer similar incentives that users have come expect from the high-end credit card market such foreign exchange transaction fees. unlike traditional debit credit card, purchases bloomcard contribute your bloomscore. bloomscore measures your purchasing power, frequency purchases, and payment consistency build your credit. john backus john founding research scientist stanford bitcoin group and studied computer science stanford university. thiel fellow and cofounder and cto identity verification company, cognito. john expert identity infrastructure, previously engineering data preprocessing algorithms for large-scale entity extraction for deterministic and probabilistic record linkage. this currently implemented into cognito's core identity resolution and record linkage infrastructure, now processing identity and compliance for tens millions cryptocurrency users globally. team founding team jesse leimgruber jesse studied computer science stanford university. jesse advisor the alchemist accelerator, thiel fellow, and mentor the european innovation academy. he's served guest lecturer stanford university, the university southern california, depaul, among others. prior bloom, jesse founded enterprise analytics software, neoreach. neoreach provides analytics for fortune brands including microsoft, citrix, walmart, among others. daniel maren daniel maren studied computer science stanford university. founded solar power electronics company, dragonfly systems, which was acquired sunpower corporation daniel remains advisor sunpower, guiding solar storage product efforts and international business development. has expertise international infrastructure development, finance, and energy, where recip- ryan faber ryan faber developed behavioral recognition methodology designed leverage online psychographic data for user acquisition. using his research, ryan launched flatiron collective. flatiron ient forbes under award. previously, architected biofuels program for indonesian farmers, who struggle with seed and equipment financing. geoffrey arone geoffrey served the chief scientist for experian consumer, and was the svp product innovation for experian global. experian one the "big three" credit-reporting agencies, alongside transunion and equifax. collects and aggregates information over one billion people, employs people, and generated billion revenue addition serving chief scientist and svp product while experian, geoffrey also served experian's marketing strategy and innovation. developed consumer forensics and insights, distribution strategies, and market expansion strategies. shannon shannon ceo mr.progress, leading marketing firm for fast-growing silicon valley companies working transformative technologies. she has worked with visa, coach, jawbone, branch and others. she co-founder sourcerers.io, supporting dominant ethereum projects and blockchain initiatives. passionate about disruptive models, she has been investing, advising and partnering with early stage companies for years. she frequently lecturers marketing and company building stanford university, her alma mater, and accelerators. she previously headed marketing founder.org, early stage fund investing young innovators. meg nakumura, ceo shift payments shift developed the shift card, visa debit card that currently allows coinbase users select states and territories the u.s. spend bitcoin anywhere visa accepted. joseph urgo, co-founder districtx, cio sourcerers capital joe the co-founder districtx, ethereum dapp decentralizing the world's marketplaces. prior this, joseph founded sourcerers.io, consultancy supporting leading ethereum-based projects. joe previously spent three years operations manager for coinbase. prior coinbase, was derivatives trader for three arrows capital, international hedge fund based singapore. advisors joey krug joey the co-founder augur, the world's first decentralized prediction market and oracle system. joey has been pioneer the ethereum community for many years, having launched the very first token project built ethereum. more recently, he's advanced the cryptocurrency community his role chief investment officer pantera capital, ico fund investing token sales. david raphael david raphael the ceo infinity media, digital agency specializing conversion rate optimization. studied the university chicago and has spent the last six years sharpening the productmarketing funnels for companies like artsy, fanduel and wag! luis cuende luis the project lead and co-founder aragon, ethereum-based project that enables dapps run entire organizations using the blockchain. luis was recognized the best underage european programmer forbes under and mit tr, and was advisor the the european commission. co-founded the blockchain startup stampery. prior founding startups, created the world's first linux distribution with facelogin. identity infrastructure, ensuring that users are who they say they are and linking that information into the credit underwriting system, which funds millions dollars loans every day. now, she works independent consultant advising startups technology and strategy. devon zuegel devon zuegel studied computer science stanford university, where she also served the editor chief the stanford review. she's worked software engineer affirm, financial services company that provides affordable, flexible, and transparent credit option. devon built out affirm's special thanks very special thank you the people who helped review this whitepaper: spiros zarkalis stelios manolopoulos devon zuegel daniel maren brian sorel leimgruber shannon joe urgo ray-jones references https://royce.house.gov/uploadedfiles/credit score competition act.pdf http://www.myfico.com/credit-education/how-lenders-use-fico-scores/ https://www.consumerfinance.gov/about-us/newsroom/cfpb-report-finds--million-consumers-are-credit-invisible/ http://documents.worldbank.org/curated/en//pdf/wps.pdf#page= http://www.perc.net/wp-content/uploads///web layout-you-score.pdf http://pubsonline.informs.org/doi/abs/./mnsc.. http://pubsonline.informs.org/doi/abs/./mnsc..