draft version february table contents abstract overview problem high commission rates expensive marketing and advertising costs lack security: employment benefits solution: the work system explained reward bank contribution activity manager (cam) referral verification arbitration contribution payout options decentralized associated network (dan) the motivation: verlocal architecture dan (decentralized associated network) booking software widget advertising network big data machine learning solution work powered blockchain federal architecture blockchain decentralized autonomous organization (dao) decentralized network conclusion appendix anticipated timeline (roadmap) business roadmap technical roadmap token sale team advisors partners abstract against the backdrop technological disruption and offshoring, the "gig/sharing economy" globally burgeoning. freelancers will make whopping the workforce consequently, peer-to-peer booking platforms like airbnb and uber have seen meteoric rise demand accompanying these shifts the job market. however, the growing dominance these tech giants has dark side for workers the gig/sharing economy. none the service providers who depend these platforms make living are actual employees these tech giants. legally hired "contractors"; they suffer from three main problems: high commission fees; exorbitant marketing and advertising costs; and lack security that inhibits them from becoming successful small business owners. the blue whale foundation's ico set rock the boat the gig/sharing economy leveraging blockchain decentralized ledger cut out the tech giants who are currently the largest middlemen between freelancers and their customers. overview the surge the size and growth rate the gig economy has led the atmospheric rise new platforms such airbnb and uber. however, workers who supply these services and consumers who use these services, have not benefited fairly from the gig/sharing economy. the definition work changes and evolves, the difficulties encountered freelancers and part-time workers such the lack protection, and the insecurity self-employment will only worsen. this not only affects the growing mass freelancers, but also ruptures the social contract between workers and governments. consumer protections have also weakened view the murky legal relationship mbopartners.com. (). predictions for the future independent work mbo partners. [online] available at: http://info.mbopartners.com/rs/mbo/images/whitepaper_futuretrends.pdf [accessed feb. popper, (). today's ruling that drivers are employees could cripple uber's business. [online] the verge. available at: https://www.theverge.com/////uber-california-lawsuit-laboremployee-contractor [accessed feb. between freelancers and their host platforms. this simmering dissatisfaction has created popular backlash, concerned governments several countries have begun crack down platforms like uber and airbnb. despite these worrying trends, workable remedy has been proposed until now. the blue whale foundation's blockchain-based work system smart contracts the only solution the market designed alleviate not only the financial and the legal problems with the "gig economy", but also the looming concentration power the hands few tech giants. worker's problems blue whale's work system high commission rates contribution activity manager (cam) expensive marketing and advertising costs decentralized associated network (dan) lack security reward bank table blue whale's problem-solution fit blue whale's work (worker optimized reward keeper) system consists three main components: contribution activity manager. this keeps track of, and rewards individuals who help drive traffic freelancers and small businesses, turning everyone into potential advertiser which turns reduce the high commission rates centralized platforms. decentralized associated network. order build the network, provide free tools such booking software, customer relationship management (crm) tools, and intelligent advertising solutions. these tools drastically reduce the need for freelancers and small businesses spend exorbitant sums stand out through paid ads, and fortune. (). uber service being suspended yet another country. [online] available at: http://fortune.com////uber-suspended-philippines/ [accessed feb. meyer, (). france gearing for airbnb tax crackdown. [online] fortune. available at: http://fortune.com////france-airbnb-tax-crackdown/ [accessed feb. search engine optimization (seo). the decentralized network creates new revenue model based around advertising network constantly being refined cycle consumer data mining and machine learning. this takes the power data analytics traditionally held behind closed doors companies like google and facebook, redistributing those insights and rewards evenly throughout the ecosystem freelancers, small businesses, and consumers. reward bank. the bank receives and disburses the blue whale exchange (bwx) coins the currency this network. this balances the payouts contributors the contribution activity manager, and the revenues generated the decentralized associated network. the use blockchain technology allows for the transparent and trustworthy distribution the bwx coins. problem freelancers and sme (small and medium-sized enterprises) owners face three main problems while providing their goods and services. high commission rates expensive marketing and advertising costs lack security: retirement plan, unemployment benefit, and paid time-off high commission rates most centralized gig/sharing economy platforms take between commissions from each transaction. despite advertised commission per ride, booking platforms uber and lyft charge real, effective commission rates after deducting booking fees. company name commission rate uber taskrabbit upwork fiverr groupon more than table commission rate comparison chart expensive marketing and advertising costs freelancers stick with existing centralized platforms despite the exorbitant commissions because these platforms act information aggregators. they reduce the search costs for prospective customers gathering them all one platform, with common interface and standardized interactions. the costs advertising google and facebook are prohibitively expensive for freelancers and sme owners. platform average cost-per-click (cpc) facebook google adwords platform average cost-per-action (cpa) facebook google adwords table average cost-per-click/action the average small business using google adwords spends between and per month and per year their online advertising campaigns alone. lack security: employment benefits existing sharing economy platforms not offer any employment benefits, making freelance work highly precarious for independent contractors. the blue whale foundation aims change that for the better. sharing economy platforms blue whale retirement plan paid time-off unemployment benefit health benefit tba medical benefit tba table competitive comparison *tba: announced solution: the work system explained the work (worker optimized reward keeper) system comprised three main components. reward bank contribution activity manager (cam) decentralized associated network (dan) reward bank the reward bank functions depositary for receiving and disbursing rewarded blue whale exchange (bwx) from providers contributors. bwx offered the initial ico will reserved for the reward bank. addition, net profits will also reserved for the reward bank. the specific amount held reserves will calculated annually and can adjusted depending the financial performance any given year. the reward bank may form future strategic alliances with partners who provide solutions relating pension systems and asset management platforms. figure work system main modules contribution activity manager (cam) the cam has been designed distribute the rewards earned through contributor activities. rewards are provided for connecting the advertising network, resolving disputes through arbitration and building trust with the verification system. contribution activity description referral successful advertising and social media referrals leading purchases the bee token: the future home sharing. (). beetoken.com. retrieved february from https://www.beetoken.com/ gem's blockchain. (). gem. retrieved february from https://gem.co/ verification users will vet the service providers (e.g. freelancers) for authenticity arbitration council juries selected from service providers (e.g. freelancers) and buyers meeting the prerequisite adnet score threshold table three activities the cam referral blue whale network allows the service providers (e.g. freelancers) promote their own services for free using the saas tools provided the blue whale foundation. the providers the network can utilise the various participants' social media accounts promote their own goods/services. when this leads purchases, the participants will rewarded. for instance, when customer buys goods/services from freelancer through the widget freelancer b's account, the purchase price will allocated freelancer while another will allocated the blue whale foundation. the collected proceeds will towards covering the blue whale foundation's operating costs, and net profits will channeled towards the work reward system. figure incentive structure referral booking the referral booking compensation system designed incentivize individuals direct traffic between heterogeneous platforms. for instance, meaningful connection exists between cleaning service and home-sharing service like airbnb, the blue whale's big data and machine learning (ml) algorithms will discover the relationship through its analysis and suggest targeted advertisements accordingly. the referral system will support heterogenous platforms across the blue whale network. the blockchain smart contract will build trust and transparency between the various platforms and allows for the referral system's payouts contributors automated. figure referral system flow diagram verification after the freelancers have fulfilled their contracts, the results their work need verified. this especially important for new entrants, freelancers with lower ratings the network. the verification these freelancers the community members will ensure high quality service creating reputational reward system. freelancer. for new freelancers, the initial "tasks" will checked independent "verifier" and the results sent the buyers who hired the freelancer. the buyer then provides rating for the task done the verifier. the rating lower than out maximum score after "tasks", the freelancer will need verified again prior making any sales. else, the freelancer's rating higher than equal the freelancer need not verified for his subsequent sales. the verification cost will vary according the freelancers' ratings, meaning higher ratings equates lower verification costs. the freelancers wanting switch different verifier will need pay fee. verification cost service cost min(maximum verification reward rate, (minimum verification reward rate (minimum threshold rating/actual freelancer's average rating)) verification cost: cost that freelancer required pay for being verified based their rating maximum verification reward rate (max. vrr): the freelancer's rating drops, the verification costs increase but cannot exceed the maximum verification reward rate. minimum verification reward rate (min. vrr): guaranteed verification reward rate for verifier pre-defined. for example, freelancer with rating who wants have service verified will have maximum verification reward rate (max. vrr) and minimum verification reward rate (min. vrr) and minimum threshold rating required pay the following verification cost: verification cost min(%, (./.)) verifier. ensure that the verification process fair, verifier must: freelancer working the same field, have completed over "tasks", and maintain rating above order prevent reviews carried out bad faith, the verifier needs submit the service cost escrow account. after completing successful verification and receiving rating above the verifier will refunded the escrow payment, and also receive additional verification reward. the rating drops below the verifier will receive only portion the verification reward while forfeiting the escrowed fee. the verifier does not act timely manner verify the freelancer, the verifier will forfeit both the escrow fee and the verification reward. verification reward min(verification cost, verification cost (actual verified task rating minimum threshold rating)) verification reward: reward that verifier will receive for verification. verified task rating: the actual rating the verified task will decide the reward for the verifier. for example, the verification cost for product while receiving rating with the minimum threshold rating will the following: verification reward =$*(./.)=$. verification escrow rate max(minimum escrow rate, minimum escrow rate minimum threshold rating average verified service rating the verifier) verification escrow rate: verification rating below the minimum threshold rating will result higher escrow fees minimum escrow rate: minimum participation rate for verification for example, when the verified services are rated with the minimum threshold rating the verification escrow rate will the following: verification escrow rate (./.) arbitration when financial dispute occurs between the freelancers and their customers, both parties can request for arbitration. the cost arbitration will transferred into arbitration fund. the dispute will arbitrated council consisting community jury members fulfilling the prerequisite qualifications. this allows the networked community objectively and securely resolve disputes internally. qualify council jury, the jury needs to: freelancer working the same field, have completed over "tasks", and maintain rating above participants picked jurors the arbitration council will submit their bwx coins into escrow account. this ensures their impartiality and reduces the chance members acting bad faith. this also encourages the jurors decide timely manner. jurors are not penalized for incorrect decisions and can only lose their coins they fail provide decision within time limit. jurors are required leave justifications for their decisions. this ensures that the requesting parties understand the logic that led the decision. the rationale behind the decision not satisfactory the requester, the requester has the right escalate the dispute the wider public who will vote the decision. this happens, the appeal rate for each jury that failed render adequate decision will up, undermining their chances participating future arbitrations. after the dispute has been resolved, the participating jurors are paid their rewards market rates, and will receive ratings the disputing freelancer and the user. the jurors with consistently low ratings will disqualified. the jurors fail provide reasonable decision, both disputing parties can decide expand the size the jury pool maximum three times, but will required deposit bigger amount (at least compensate the jurors and prevent frequent escalations disgruntled losing parties. arbitration process dispute initiation: either the freelancer the user can request for arbitration cases conflicts dispute reporting: the request sent the arbitration council and the two parties need submit the required payments dispute review: more jury members will selected random decide the case dispute conclusion: payments are made the jury members contribution payout options there are three methods for contributors receive rewards based their contribution activities. immediate event-based contributors meeting the required pay threshold and working duration can earn their rewards during their time-off form vacation/unemployment benefit long-term duration reward less than years principal guaranteed more than years principal interest table long-term reward table *to adjusted participation with potential financial institutions. decentralized associated network (dan) the dan created installing saas tools such booking and crm software websites and social media accounts, transforming each website/social media account into node the network. the dan collects user data from online traffic, much the same way which search engine and social media giants like facebook and google currently do. the main purpose dan collect user data and build decentralized advertising network main business model blue whale network. the motivation: verlocal verlocal, the official partner the blue whale foundation, saas-enabled marketplace currently operating the u.s., canada, and singapore with plan launch japan february figure verlocal decentralized network effect verlocal differentiates itself from other competitors providing free booking software installed providers' websites which motivates providers join the network. re-targeting advertising visitors lowered the monthly advertising bill for smes from while resulting higher sales. architecture dan (decentralized associated network) the decentralized associated network can created installing saas tools such booking software and display widgets websites and social media pages. booking software widget. providers installing the booking software their own websites, blogs, and social media accounts can convert all incoming transactions from fiat currency cryptocurrency coins. this establishes the required cash flow for bwx. advertising network. the blue whale foundation's decentralized advertising network established when the providers install the booking widget and the widget. the booking widget, component the booking software, used provide windows for other providers run their advertisements and promotions. figure blue whale decentralized ecosystem the diagram below provides example how the booking widget can help the providers not only operate their own promotions but also help other providers well. figure example the blue whale network utilizing the booking widget not only the providers, but other participants blue whale network can also install the widget their websites and social media accounts order promote their products and services and earn rewards. figure example widget the blue whale network the blue whale network will establish referral system using the diverse network. corresponding network referral data will use blue whale network's oracle trusted connection between the blockchain and the real world) connect the blockchain. this allows different sharing platforms secure advertising and commission agreements using the smart contract and earn compensation through the referral system. dor instance airbnb host posting for uber their page can earn referral rewards customer uses uber accessing the ad. big data machine learning solution. the decentralized network, based the same saas architecture the blue whale's booking software, the optimal solution for collecting data. data collected this manner will saved the database real time. figure blue whale big data architecture the saved user data will labelled according the type goods/services purchase through the booking software. the labelled and categorized data will then used train the machine learning algorithm for two different uses. use visitor's data aggregate and create list potential future purchases analyze target visitor's purchase data find lookalike visitors blue whale foundation's privacy policy regarding data collection and analysis will released publicly and adhered strictly. the predicted data using machine learning, and the proceeds the data sold, according the privacy policy will collected the blue whale foundation. portion the proceeds will accrued into the reward bank disbursed incentives. work powered blockchain blue whale network (bwn) believes that all participants sharing platform should benefit. the bwn plans create network various sharing platforms which share our philosophy. federal architecture blockchain since each platform has their own unique form governance, impractical ask the various platforms change order participate the blue whale network. the network respects the independence and the distinctness the various platforms. operating with federalized philosophy, each platform/node the bwn will called "province" with the free exchange ideas and coins between the different provinces. the blockchain the best technology achieve this vision. blue whale network's cryptocurrency called the blue whale exchange (bwx). the platforms using bwx can set their own reserve ratio and can also issue their own fixedexchange rate coins. the benchmark reserve ratio will set previous year's lowest bwx price. and when the coins issued another platform does not meet exceed this reserve ratio requirements, they are required lock-in purchase additional bwx. any platforms breaking these financial rules will given penalties affecting their voting rights and incentive payments the federal governance council comprised representatives from the provinces will determine the reserve ratio requirements and rates. since the minimum set the previous year's lowest price, the price bwx drops below this rate, other platforms will required lock-in and purchase additional bwx. this helps limit downward volatility and stabilize the price bwx. participating platforms can issue their own coins. due differences national economies and exchange rates, localized platforms will able issue coins that meet their specific needs. however, the individually issued coins needs have fixed exchange rate with bwx, which will priced usd. figure federal architecture blockchain federal architecture process when new platform has been launched: the reserve requirement proportionately calculated based mau for each platforms. newly launched platforms that not meet the mau threshold are proportioned additional coins, free charge. for example, platform with mau wished join the blue whale network. the basis mau. therefore, the platform will given basis reserve requirement) coins for free. the initial bwx issuance presumed coins. this implies that each platform can issue coins and receive free allocation coins. platforms wishing issue more than coins are required purchase and lock-in additional bwx. when the reserve has been depleted the reserved initial coins have been depleted, the platforms can issue additional reserve coins through dao (explained the next dao" section) when platform's issued coins exceed the lock-in requirements: the use smart contracts will prevent platforms from issuing more coins than the lock-in requirements allowed the bwn. cases where the reserve falls below due decreasing bwx price, the participating platform required purchase additional bwx within month. the reference bwx price calculated the average closing price every hour within the last hours. decentralized autonomous organization (dao) each province, using the blue whale foundation's (bwf) voting system, can participate the governance bwf. the participants can manage stable platform and currency market creating and adjusting policies such operating costs, savings percentage into rewards bank, referral fees, issuance new coins, incentive/payout algorithm and penalties. the voting system will operate following: voting agenda will decided the representatives the platforms/nodes the blue whale network. all participants each platform who hold the prerequisite reputation for arbitration will eligible vote. the requirements for voting participation and the rules for agenda-setting can altered through voting. initiatives that attract over users' support must added the agenda for general vote. the voting power each platforms will proportional the amount bwx that the platforms are required lock-in. for example, platform holds platform and platform bwx coins that are "locked-in", the participating platforms will entitled and votes, respectively. however, the method calculating the voting power can altered through the general voting agenda. figure blue whale foundation voting system process decentralized network users different sharing platforms can participate within the network placing ads and providing windows and channels for other advertisers. when the results purchase, both the window provider and the blue whale network will earn commissions. blockchain technology allows for users benefit fairly across various platforms using the decentralized network. makes sharing purchasing data and the subsequent tracking and analysis performed transparently and without fees. instead running separate algorithms each platforms, the blue whale network's oracle will aggregate the advertisement data order increase the efficiency and the accuracy advertisement targeting. however, each platform free decide, through voting, whether will participate the network. conclusion since the inception the blue whale foundation, we've considered our revenue models build sustainable reward system for worker and contributors. strive connect the providers with the appropriate users benefit all parties and not just few platform owners. through this sustainable reward system, blue whale foundation will provide the essential solutions the fundamental problems arising from the increasing prevalence the sharing economy. appendix anticipated timeline (roadmap) business roadmap date description ico partnership sharing economy industry korea meet-up for partner and investors listing bwx integrating verlocal services service open service open canada service open singapore service open japan partnership sharing economy industry global eu,asia and meet-up for partner alliance with partners for work system services open: work for partners korea meet-up table business roadmap technical roadmap date version arctic atlantic description open source work apply verlocal build-in advertisement module and saas tools dan for big data and cam for all other activities(verification, arbitration, review) work system for each partner big data and pacific apply retirement benefit and reward system and cam for employment reward system work system for government social system. table technical roadmap token sale blue whale exchange token name blue whale exchange ticker symbol bwx technology icon token features multi-utility token total supply ,,, soft cap sgd hard cap sgd accepted currency eth, icx table token summary token allocation figure token allocation chart the blue whale team will -year vesting schedule. the team will receive their allocation months after the end the public sale. every month thereafter, the team will receive their allocation until the -year vesting schedule finished. therefore, one the current members were ever leave, more tokens will distributed the team member. the remaining amount tokens will allocated newly appointed team member. use funds below the breakdown the funds after the token sale. figure fund allocation chart team will lee ceo, founder will lee the ceo verlocal. serial entrepreneur and has been running couple startups the san francisco bay area for the past years. will has also worked the sharing economy industry for years. studied artificial intelligence stanford university and now runs verlocal, saas enabled decentralized marketplace where people can monetize their intangible assets such skills and knowledge. his mission empower individuals become one-person business owners and maximize their full potential. aspires create human-centered industry where individuals can continue develop and improve themselves through learning experiences. hongkyu lee/ csa, co-founder hongkyu was the cto nomadconnection and the director dayli intelligence. studied computer science postech and now runs nomadconnection, dayli intelligence, and techfin, companies based artificial intelligence and blockchain technology. recently, data scientist shinhan bank, designed core platform architecture that can test and optimize machine learning algorithms the web without any separate environment. designed the ucoin system for university consortium based the loopchain. also designed the system and architecture the wibeecoin used woori bank. hawon chung coo, co-founder hawon chung the ceo chaintob, global blockchain service operator. studied computer science and engineering postech. holds wide breadth experience through multiple positions (e.g. country manager, sales, strategic programs manager, product/project manager, and system engineer) various global companies including sun microsystems, oracle, splunk, and elastic. had setup multiple startups and has ran his own business the industry since believes that blockchain technology would not only change the world, but also give fair value all participants the economy. continuously looking out for new technologies that would contribute the society. jaehyun park cao, co-founder jaehyun park worked skt (evp) and samsung electronics (vp) for years. developed the first sharing economy platform korea and created samsung pay global general manager. has spent over years the s/w and ict industry. also entrepreneur, blockchain investor, and public speaker. has written about software technology for over years and continues write technical columns electric daily and zdnet korea about blockchains and cryptocurrencies. leading blockchain technical research group. jaewoong choi head product, co-founder jaewoong experienced product manager with over years experience the industry. his expertise lies infrastructure, software, web, and mobile applications. most recently, was the head product and service domosafety s.a. leading healthcare startup switzerland. his responsibilities include managing service strategies, designing and implementing machine-learning algorithms for healthcare platforms and medical data analytics. previously, has led numerous large-sized projects sun microsystems and oracle that required the application erp, mes, enterprise portal and cloud platform for samsung, and hyundai. changsub keum cio changsub software architect and researcher with years experience the ict industry. his interests include blockchain technologies, service platforms, and software architectures. most recently, was the research director trustworthy network service platform etri, government-sponsored research institute south korea. got the ph.d. cmu(carnegie mellon university). board member korean software engineering society. ryan chew/director business development strategy (singapore) ryan studied the sociology small business the nanyang technological university, and now runs verlocal's operations the southeast asia region: saas-enabled, decentralized marketplace for freelancers. ryan spent several years the startup scene, having founded several startups including fixxir, uber for car repairs. serial entrepreneur, mission create sustainable ecosystem which empowers individuals become unchained from office desks and become successfully self-employed. luis gil/director business development strategy (u.s) luis gil the head business development and account management verlocal. studied the university california, santa cruz where obtained bachelor's degree economics and was awarded the chancellor's undergraduate internship program scholarship. following college, served years finance, working major banking institutions like hsbc sales trading before returning his childhood passion technology. verlocal, luis emphasizes the power building long-lasting relationships with customers and ensures that every client-facing team member embodies this principle. advisors marco torregrossa managing director euro freelancers and secretary general european forum independent professionals former policy officer the commission and lawyer training, marco specialized new forms collaborative self-employment, cooperative soloentrepreneurship, digital work platforms, and the impacts flexible labor regulations the future work. for the past years, has been leading government relations and advocacy efforts, advising policymakers the issues that one-person businesses and their ecosystem encounter. kyungjoon lee icon foundation council kyungjoon studied computer science and engineering postech. developed, securesoft, suhoshin which the first indigenous firewall korea. ran his own company, nomadconnection. launched zimly media service) platform with over registrations. currently, the ceo dalyi intelligence and holds position icon foundation council member. jonghyup kim icon foundation council jonghyup studied computer science and engineering postech. has year experience security engineer working areas such pki, authentication, and security protocols. holds cisa certification and multiple patents relating information security. currently, the ceo theloop (blockchain technology company responsible for loopchain) and icon foundation council member. kwangsuk lee /co-founder and chairman, incruit corporation kwangsuk the co-founder and chairman incruit. created internet service match job opportunities with resumes. has years experience the internet recruitment industry. serving independent director for winix, co, ltd. active member entrepreneurs' organization, helping startup entrepreneurs. was previously partner primer and independent director for gravity, co. ltd. hyunkeol kim dalcomsoft ceo heunkeol the ceo and founder dalcomsoft, co., ltd., where has developed and published mobile music games including superstar bts (superstar sm, jyp). prior dalcomsoft, was the coo and co-founder soribada, co., ltd., the first online music streaming service company korea, which listed kosdaq during his tenure coo soribada, developed and produced various projects including milk and samsung music apps for samsung galaxy smartphones. sangbum kim bloter.net ceo sangbum the ceo bloter, which the most popular technology news media korea. has worked reporter since for multiple it-oriented news media such the electronic times, dot and inews. wrote various articles and tech columns focused software services. focused blockchains because confident that technology will lead better human lives. namsik lee president suwon university namsik graduated seoul national university and got and ph.d. kaist. started work researcher michigan university and kriss for years. has enthusiasm educationist. was professor start from kaist, hansung university and hongik university. and, was university president gyewon art university, suwon university and junnam university. besides his educational experience, has been chairman, bod, committee various social association, public institute and government. currently, has been looking into the blockchain technology for the next generation. sanku kozaza ceo dr. founder ceo kozaza, home sharing korea. seasoned global serial entrepreneur with year internet experience both silicon valley and seoul. prior kozaza, lead new businesses internet and mobile vice president both and u+. cto, co-founded netgeo, internet geolocation pioneer silicon valley. researched interenet and distributed computing the lawrence berkeley national laboratory california. got the doctoral degree from texas a&m usa and bs/ms from kwangwoon university seoul. taejin kang/ insignary ceo taejin experienced professional whose career ranges from startup founder executive positions some the largest companies the world. cofounded thinkfree with the mission deliver desktop software free internet service. magazine interview, microsoft ceo steve ballmer mentioned thinkfree one the biggest threats his company, second only linux. was one "web heroes" bradley jones interviewed for the book the same title. when mobile became the major battleground for internet services, served the head the service incubation office korea telecom, and then the head the media service team samsung electronics before returning his start-up roots the president and ceo insignary. has presented high profile tech and business conferences around the world such web expo, open mobile summit, and midem. jongmin ham jongmin has been working internet service technology and marketing for over years. currently working cto/evp and leads their digital commerce services. since worked evp naver and samsung electronics, creating and developing many internet services. minu park/ crowdworks cep minu entrepreneur who has had startup and m&as. columnist and ict specialist for university professors. his company, crowdworks, working online crowdsourcing platform for machine learning engineers, similar amazon mechanical turk. his expertise lies in, but not limited to, strategy planning, service planning, system design, organization management, and startup consulting. partners company name website description verlocal http://www.verlocal.com global freelancer saas platform provider (us, canada, singapore and japan) icon foundation http://www.icon.foundation global top tier blockchain based distributed platform and operating foundation theloop http://www.theloop.co.kr global no. blockchain core technology loopchain chaintob http://www.chaintob.com bpaas platform based loopchain technology insignary http://www.insignary.com security firm detecting vulnerabilities binary codes kozaza http://www.kozaza.com korea's no. house-sharing company (i.e. airbnb) dalcomsoft http://www.dalcomsoft.co.kr korea's no. music and entertainment company crowdworks http://www.crowdworks.co.k korea's no. crowdsourcing company (i.e. mechanical turk) bloter http://www.bloter.net korea's no. ict magazine and blog company table list strategic partners