blue protocol white paper april abstract blue offering family developer tools, consumer software, and guidelines for the development digital assets tools the ethereum network. the existing infrastructure relies heavily the storage private keys and passwords authenticate the transfer funds. these are easily phished, lost, stolen, and have led the loss massive amount funds since the inception the ethereum network. use the following major components protect user funds, improve user experience, secure the safety digital assets, and help ethereum and cryptocurrency large thrive. blue protocol series smart contracts and backend systems that allow all the network function securely and conveniently. the blue protocol allows for -factor authentication without central party. funds are held smart contracts for users, who maintain complete control over these meta-wallets. this secured the blockchain identification system, secure asset storage, smart contract analysis, blockchain analysis, address blacklisting and whitelisting, and anti-phishing capabilities. blue sdk offer wallet developers, exchanges, and e-commerce sites the option integrating the blue protocol their own systems with the same automatic verification digital assets and transactions the blue wallet offers. integrating our easy use sdk, with only few lines code our partners are able demonstrate their commitment security and protection user's digital assets. blue wallet the blue wallet multi-platform application that allows for sending, receiving, and storing ethereum based assets such erc tokens and beyond. building our own wallet are able integrate our security protocol, including decentralized fa, deep integration with dapps, and user friendly user experience using internet-wide identification system secured the blockchain. blue standard have created open source set guidelines that should followed token developers, icos, and other digital asset creators and fund custodians. following these guidelines and adhering the blue protocol, our wallet and sdk can automatically validate and verify the safety crypto assets. table contents blue protocol white paper april abstract blue protocol blue sdk blue wallet blue standard about blue underlying beliefs our mission our vision evaluation the current market proliferation fraud the ico problem token economics distraction lack utility deliberate fraud self regulation intimate knowledge the space faster path commercial applications improved investor confidence government support solutions the blue protocol improved security improved user experience email-based cryptocurrency smart contract based wallets two factor authentication spending limits identity and collectibles management inheritance recovery automated clearing house blue sdk definition off-chain smart contract scanning integration testing static analysis blacklisting and whitelisting single sign-on for login sso would allow for users use single identity for dapps, websites, services. the identify platform includes detailed permissions. users can share only what they want share. government agencies, companies, and others will able build upon our platform provide identity support for ethereum wallets. this decentralized using smart contracts, allowing any group offer identity access ethereum consumers. for example government agency performing kyc may include support for the following fields: public address username real name email government hash these identities are verifiable with issuing agency, for kyc other key factors currently missing from the ethereum ecosystem. these can not reversed discover without issuing agencies private keys. additional use-case this system for collectible dapps (such cryptokitties.) these may offer data the collectible items way that they can easily read and written other supporting dapps, truly decentralizing the collectibles model. the case for sdk blue token utility blue membership the blue wallet multi-platform support dapp support deep dapp integration decentralized two-factor authentication the need for decentralized centralized our solution fuzz testing market manipulation detection blockchain analysis for token distribution the blue standard abstract motivation implementation details integrations blue protocol integrations for wallet providers wallet providers will able use our sdk and work with our tools enable many our features partner wallets, such as: blacklisting whitelisting integrations for exchanges integrations for block explorers and price charts spearheading the crypto self governance words regulators about blue underlying beliefs believe that decentralization strengthens the individual's right privacy and control their data. this benefit the entire world and all humanity. internet technology has grown, has government and corporate surveillance. the current state the market means organizations receive rewards for surveillance and trading the private data internet users, and decentralized assets are the first realistic solution this problem. believe that the biggest problem face today that holds back mainstream adoption cryptocurrency and digital assets the combination poor security and complex user experience. believe critical relieve both simultaneously before the mainstream audience will willing and able adopt cryptocurrencies. believe that today there great complexity understanding and using decentralized software for the average person. the mainstream audience does not understand decentralization, how impacts their security. our mission make crypto safer, easier use and understand, and easier develop for. our vision making crypto easier and safer work with, aim bring cryptocurrency and blockchain technology the mainstream audience, enabling every person the world participate the decentralized revolution. evaluation the current market proliferation fraud analysis one million smart contracts, new analysis tool called maian found that had security vulnerabilities. before transition blockchain-based digital economy, need address the flaws this system. maian flagged contracts, including flaw the parity blockchain app that rendered million worth ether inaccessible owners back july the team then manually analyzed contracts and found exploitable vulnerabilities them. this application was using extremely rudimentary tools for only superficial static analysis the smart contract code. result believe the contracts are just the tip the iceberg. our early testing the blue standard the ethereum chain, can determine that the truth that nearly all smart contracts have least one vulnerability. based our analysis, nearly half all smart contracts have critical flaws. within the first months over billion worth crypto has been lost due scams. the time takes you read this sentence, will have been lost. there were over separate cases involving money losses more just the first months summing these losses equates over million day (kharpal). https://arxiv.org/pdf/..pdf https://news.bitcoin.com/-million-day-lost-cryptocurrency-scams/ the ico problem recent article published sherwin dowlat michael hodapp satis group, the basis the above classification, found that approximately ico's were scams, failed, had gone dead, and went trade exchange (dowlat). the icos were broken down into groups, with the following definitions: scam (pre-trading): any project that expressed availability ico investment (through website publishing, ann thread, social media posting with contribution address), did not have/had intention fulfilling project development duties with the funds, and/or was deemed the community (message boards, website other online information) scam. failed (pre-trading): succeeded raise funding but did not complete the entire process and was abandoned, and/or refunded investors result insufficient funding (missed soft cap). https://medium.com/satis-group/ico-quality-development-trading-efefdff gone dead (pre-trading): succeeded raise funding and completed the process, however was not listed exchanges for trading and has not had code contribution github rolling three-month basis from that point time. dwindling (trading): succeeded raise funding and completed the process, and was listed exchange, however had one less the following success criteria: deployment (in test/beta, minimum) chain/distributed ledger (in the case base-layer protocol) product/platform (in the case app/utility token), had transparent project roadmap posted their website, and had github code contribution activity surrounding three-month period ("success criteria"). promising (trading): two the above success criteria. successful (trading): all the above success criteria. token economics distraction because many icos are created strictly raise funds, often the actual need for blockchain technology not present. this however, does not stop icos with actual use-case from raising millions dollars from contributors who not care know how evaluate the technical details. this inevitably leads the team having focus token price, exchanges, and other aspects managing token-focused project. this detracts from the development process and overall net negative for the forward development blockchain technology overall. instead producing results, ico teams often produce only hype. this may come the form partnership announcements where there business need, additional exchange listings that are not needed for the project's development, simply marketing events that focus only intentionally manipulating price action. lack utility because many icos are focused only using tokens raise funds, these developers often build token that does nothing all. this bad for everyone because there utility, over time the token simply sold off the initial contributors. this turn causes loss excitement over time, and often abandonment the project. deliberate fraud while the problems listed above may present deliberately fraudulent token sales, they may also present well-meaning development team where lack knowledge skill led eventual exit. the other hand, shown above all icos are outright deliberate scams. these projects are relatively transparent those with programming background, the technical details are often plagiarised, unusable and obviously not created competent development team. however, the average consumer who interested contributing icos are easily fooled. this huge problem for the crypto space large, and the number one threat cryptocurrency. not only does the proliferation fraudulent icos create fear and drive away contributors, but also invites governmental regulations step and take drastic regulatory action. self regulation self regulation the act putting restrictions and requirements the activity industry, the industry player's own volition. this necessary the cryptocurrency space the massive number scams and hacks have proliferated over the years. industry can't act present our own regulatory guidelines, world governments will forced step and present potentially harsh regulations that may weigh down innovation and development the industry. self-regulation much preferred, and the time act now. this why have introduced the blue standard, open source repository guidelines that anyone can contribute to. (the blue standard https://github.com/bluecrypto/bluestandard intimate knowledge the space key benefit providing self-regulation opposed government regulation that the industry players are best suited provide these guidelines and standards due their knowledge the space. being close the business hand allows for expert strategic decisions that will have the most positive impact selected. left government regulators, may find cryptocurrency regulated out existence due lack understanding and appreciation for the massive benefits this technology can provide. faster path commercial applications with self-regulation, we're able speak more confidently our own products, and give peace mind the mainstream population. this means more users and improved growth over time. accelerating adoption also accelerate development. becomes more clear and easier interpret, these regulations can simply adopted developers, allowing for proliferation new and innovative technologies with meaningful commercial applications. improved investor confidence knowing that basic safeguards are place police the cryptocurrency industry would allow new curious investors join the space with greater confidence. calculating risk critical aspect investments, and there are many moving pieces consider. even with mature regulations this difficult task for investors. this why it's important remove the concern, and give investors peace mind, allowing the space grow. government support governments around the world have called out for self-regulation the cryptocurrency industry. according forbes, top commissioner with the u.s. commodity futures trading commission (cftc), brian quintenz, republican, has said operators the cryptocurrency space could well consider adopting self-regulatory standards and "industry-wide" best practices policing the new technology-driven space amid the authorities and government mulling further possible regulatory action." this sentiment has been echoed countless others and represents positive outlook self-regulation. solutions the blue protocol invented and pioneered modular smart contract system. users assign metadata smart contract they control, allowing for proxy controls, identification, fa, and more. just pointing these compatible contracts another smart contract series smart contracts, developers are able amazing things. our platform will made open developers through our framework and guides. this opens unparalleled way look money, wallets, and utility money, and it's all decentralized. utilizing this protocol along with the blue standard, becomes easy enforce self-regulatory actions scanning tokens, evaluating fraudulent parties, and enforcing guidelines the standards which come agree upon industry. https://www.forbes.com/sites/rogeraitken////u-s-cftc-commissioner-says-cryptocurrency-exchang es-adopting-self-regulation-could-spur-standards/ improved security through our protocol, enable the creation secure ethereum wallets for on-chain transactions. addition, following the industry standard security requirements from the traditional financial industry, pioneer the safest and most secure applications the protocol. improved user experience email-based cryptocurrency users can send crypto others knowing only their email. the recipient will get automated message, that allows them claim amount crypto worth amount just downloading easy use wallet. this similar system that paypal used grow and gives similar opportunity grow and market through our users. smart contract based wallets smart contract programmable piece code living the blockchain, has address just like standard ethereum wallet. blue think this presents untapped opportunity make amazing things. have invented way for everyone create smart contract based wallet easily, for any user, and then proceed use like normal wallet. avoid overcomplicating things, with the additional steps needed for security opaquely happening behind the curtains. this enables boundless additional possibilities and functionality. here discuss some examples the functionality that blue sdk will have this system. two factor authentication every website and bank has caught this. need more security because the end user often does not have adequate security. have created two-factor-authentication system living the blockchain. here how works user makes smart contract wallet user opts for two-factor-authentication, which creates another smart contract your smart contract points two-factor-authentication smart contract, requiring sign off the transaction. for proceed. this can triggered specific sum, all times, this too specified the user. user downloads app providing him with two factor codes user gets two factor codes from trusted party via message request. smart contract looks smart contract agrees and transaction goes through spending limits spending limits are floating point calculation every transfer the user makes. sets his limits transfers amount transfers per unit time (for example max eth per day). the smart contract tracks the transactions, and triggers whatever the user wants, similar throw operation. this can also presented security escalation request for two factor authentication before proceeding. identity and collectibles management our groundbreaking modular wallet system allows anyone prove their identity whoever they want, with whichever portion the identity they want. how this works user types his secret message, his secret message hashed and put the blockchain trusted party signs this message, saying it's truthful this data now lives anonymised form the blockchain validated trusted party user wants sign somewhere proving their identity user submits the parts the identity they want the person receiving this message hashes through the same hash that user has their smart contract the person looks who said this data was truthful (eg. government) can now trust the data and the identity the user inheritance our modular smart contract system will allow users add trusted parties their contract. this effectively allows users select various wallet addresses, which can spend all funds the wallet. can also indicate criteria where this only true after certain amount inactivity, set time frame. recovery blue will offer recovery your tokens and eth the same way inheritance works. users set amount time inactivity and register email their preferred method contacted. this time passes users can trigger recovery request sending request the blue company, any other provider that adopts the same system using our open standard. blue will charge small, fixed percentage the funds for recovery. the event years inactivity, the user will prompted via email. there's activity response, blue will empty the wallet, and proceed according current laws for forfeiture. automated clearing house the automated clearing house allows for merchants other providers elect enable spending limits, refund opportunities, and integrate between multiple types digital assets seamless way. blue sdk definition with the blue sdk, are offering sdk that allows third parties easily utilize our systems and standards without building every aspect from scratch. this means wallets, exchanges, and others building the ethereum network can greatly improve their security, while also saving development time. developer's innovating with ethereum can spend their time best working their product and trying new things. today they are currently forced instead focus building out complex security solutions standard for security exists. our sdk allows these developers integrate with the blue protocol, saving them much-needed time and energy, allowing them focus innovation, all while keeping customer funds safe. because the blue sdk built using industry standard npm packaging, easy use across multiple platforms. developers are free choose which aspects they need, and which aspects they don't, allowing for high level customization and modularity. the blue sdk offers support for two-factor authentication, fraud prevention, secure asset storage, smart contract analysis, blockchain analysis, address blacklisting, address whitelisting, and anti-phishing capabilities. off-chain smart contract scanning additionally our sdk provides the ability for consumer request scan smart contract wallet address. the scan requested using one our client libraries call smart contract that queues the scan job picked one our many scan workers. these scan workers can horizontally scaled meet the demands clients. once scan worker picks job they will run number tests against the smart contract. examples these tests include the below. integration testing copy the contract question deployed local blockchain. compatible tests are selected from our database test cases using the contracts abi, and run against the smart contract. static analysis the contract opcodes are scanned for patterns that indicate vulnerabilities using number different algorithms. blacklisting and whitelisting addresses are checked against number community and blue-maintained black and whitelists which identify known attackers, and verified recipients funds. once the scan worker has completed the testing the results are compiled and hosted our blue servers. users can view their results and get friendly descriptions each vulnerability found. single sign-on for login sso would allow for users use single identity for dapps, websites, services. the identify platform includes detailed permissions. users can share only what they want share. government agencies, companies, and others will able build upon our platform provide identity support for ethereum wallets. this decentralized using smart contracts, allowing any group offer identity access ethereum consumers. for example government agency performing kyc may include support for the following fields: public address username real name email government hash these identities are verifiable with issuing agency, for kyc other key factors currently missing from the ethereum ecosystem. these can not reversed discover without issuing agencies private keys. additional use-case this system for collectible dapps (such cryptokitties.) these may offer data the collectible items way that they can easily read and written other supporting dapps, truly decentralizing the collectibles model. the case for sdk true our mission, want make crypto secure and more user friendly. choosing the sdk route means current software developers can easily implement this into their code base, improving security already onboarded clients instantly. this allows for strengthening crypto whole and speeding the mainstream adoption. our sdk also allows shift the current path ethereum tokens are heading towards, something call "token madness". are heading towards future where users need different tokens one transaction. this not how ethereum should work. this multi-token approach will lead slowdowns the eth network, and reduce user friendliness. are avoiding this pioneering new type token utility through our sdk and developer tools. the blue token the utility the blue token very simple. holding variable amount blue decided the platform real-time, any ethereum wallet given full free access the blue protocol features. this works for the blue wallet, any wallet using the blue sdk, exchanges using the blue sdk, and any supported dapps. this token can bought and sold secondary markets any time, enabling users use the blue services via the token, and effectively return they decide stop using it, easily transfer any wallet that they own. the token also features unique replay protection both terms spending and threat analysis. the blue token system contains cryptographic signature that altered nonce, and the associated metadata, threat definition changes can never replayed spammed order attack the token's security model. blue token utility token for this needed due few reasons. first, would simply impossible provide the blue membership services for free user's only needed hold eth. having the blue token used stake for decentralized services, avoid per-transaction fee structure where eth would need spent upon every transaction, during any scan ethereum address. second, are able use the token's smart contract tracking and versioning the blacklist and whitelist using custom metadata field inside the token's smart contract, along with nonce. this allows the token used alter the signing transactions for threat signatures, avoid false threat signatures from being broadcast the network. third, only providing services those who have purchased blue tokens, are able reasonably assume that botnets, spammers, and other attackers will not able successfully spam the protocol with bad transactions effort render them ineffective, too slow use. would simply too costly for attacker purchase enough tokens perform effective sybil attack. blue membership would like offer institutions such exchanges easy way assign blue protocol capabilities their users. this needed certain situations such when exchange generates new deposit addresses the fly, which regularly change. would costly gas continuously shift tokens around between wallets. additionally, having large exchange simply buy millions blue the open market would have destabilizing effect the economics the token. particularly concerning use discontinued, the exchange would then need sell those tokens back the market. address this concern, have created the blue membership. alternative for customers who would like perform mass deployment the blue token, provide smart contract that can ascribe all the features the blue protocol fixed number ethereum wallet addresses quickly and easily using side-chain that under the company's control. use the dev team tokens held escrow power these features without the exchange needing secondary markets for their tokens. users can also directly purchase blue memberships instead holding blue tokens, leveraging the token reserve, however this fixed fee that non-refundable and non-transferable. the most common approach for individuals will utilize blue tokens directly. individuals have significantly better mobility with their memberships, and never need pay for these services. they will always provided for free blue token holders. the blue wallet the blue wallet our best foot forward the wallet development game, and showcase for our technology. anticipate dozens wallets supporting our sdk, and use our own demonstration how our technology improves the safety and ease use ethereum based cryptocurrencies today. this wallet we've created demo one the best experiences available for token usage. we're able deliver this streamlined experience because take security seriously, which enables also provide great convenience. the future, all wallets using our technology will safer and easier use. multi-platform support today our demo wallet available chrome extension, but over the next year will shipping updated versions with support for ios, android, windows, mac os, and linux. each these wallets will use our sdk deliver safety and convenience our users, regardless where they prefer transact their business. dapp support common use the ethereum network today power dapps, decentralized apps. popular dapps today include etherdelta, idex, and cryptokitties name just few. injecting web instance the user's browser, offer interface these dapps using your securely stored wallet information. this means you can trade etherdelta, buy and sell your cryptokitties with just the blue wallet secured environment. because transactions are easy perform your behalf using basic web calls, security issue simply sign with your private key. metamask partially solved this problem intercepting these calls and providing authentication prompt before letting them through. however because the interface currently provided metamask, phishing still quite easy. have solved this problem with feature called deep dapp integration. deep dapp integration integrating with the most popular dapps the world, are able show user friendly dialog prompts when authenticating transactions dapps. also uniquely identify the smart contract you are working with using logo display, and verified checkmark. using the blue wallet, you will never get phished with fake dapp ever again. that sounds complex, see the figure below comparing blue deep integration with forkdelta, opposed how metamask renders the same information today. deep dapp integration with forkdelta decentralized two-factor authentication the need for decentralized currently the best way secure ethereum wallet purchase hardware wallet. this because the private key used the wallet outside the computer being used interact with the blockchain, and the key never exposed the computer being used. without hardware wallet, the second best option use encrypted signing bridge like the blue wallet. however, when this private key stored the user's computer far too easy lose access it, have stolen phishers, malware, social engineering. the private key for hardware wallet can stolen the recovery mnemonic lost. the funds hardware wallet are easily stolen simply restoring another hardware wallet with the same mnemonic. providing two-factor authentication, even lost private key safe from theft because thief will have access the changing second authentication code. this more secure than hardware wallet, and highly needed for crypto thrive. centralized currently, many exchanges and platforms offer fa, but this done centralized way. this not confused with decentralized fa. two factor authentication typically operates confirming secret key, that shared with both the authenticating device (such smartphone app) and the centralized authority who validates login. when exchange hacked it's database otherwise exposed, this secret key can stolen attackers, and user's funds can lost. add this concern, exchanges are frequently losing their own funds which back the representative funds user accounts. when this happens there often recourse. these centralized authorities take custody user funds, and your balance only truly available because you place trust that they will accurately maintain your correct balances form iou. this not secured the blockchain properly, and poses constant threat the entire crypto industry when these funds are lost. simply enabling centralized exchange does nothing protect digital assets, and only serves protect your account credentials the exchange. our solution the blue team has designed modified version the hotp algorithm for support the ethereum blockchain. delegating support for code injection the smart contract (the meta-wallet), allow support for third party providers fa. providers use the open standard for blue hotp codes. any developer team can implement their own version and integrate with their own authentication system. this allows for that not dependent our service. will however offer our own provider support convenience. using the codes should very familiar anyone who has used such systems the past. when sending funds, user will prompted provide hotp code the wallet before funds can sent. this code can retrieved from compatible smartphone apps that produce the one time code. this enabled our use the meta-wallet, smart contract and proxy for the user that stores funds, not the user's wallet, but inside the smart contract. the smart contract effectively implements multi-signature requirements where both the private key the owner, and second key are required authenticate and process transactions the user's behalf. because the key recovery process changes each transaction, the same code can not used for second follow-up transaction attacker. native mobile blue auth app will developed that produces hotp codes, based our modified algorithm. this algorithm open source, meaning any developer can implement competing app software using the same scheme. the blue auth app will offered for convenience, and the added security blue's engineering efforts. blockchain analysis blue geth our modified ethereum node, written the programming language. the bgeth node responsible for utilizing full node's worth data, and performing blockchain analysis erc, erc, and ethereum transfers, for the purpose identifying flawed contracts, bad actors, and phishing attempts. integrating directly are able extend the ethereum rpc api, and add evaluations for tokens, addresses, transfers, and balances. this system simplifies access the node and performs much faster. instead accessing the node via rest call, access the data directly, and present the aggregated information aggregate rest call. this greatly simplifies the amount chatter between implementing applications, thereby reducing latency, bandwidth, and round-trip time constraints currently present the ethereum network. fuzz testing the blue geth server allows fuzz analysis smart contracts, even without manual review are able identify problematic contracts. this enables detect cases where token may have support for locking transfers, freezing assets, transferring funds without the owner's approval, destruction funds, infinite minting, and much more. market manipulation detection being fully compatible with the main ethereum network, can identify faked volume major exchanges, calculate true liquidity any token, detect pump and dump behaviour exchanges, and warn users this activity. using this can warn users spiking volume and trading price, and notify them look for evidence that the change price legitimate. this works for all erc and erc tokens blockchain analysis for token distribution when purchasing tokens from ico secondary markets, it's important able get general sense the fairness distribution. token developer still controls more the supply, very easy for them sell massive quantities, putting heavy downward pressure the price. this seen too often this space, and until now the average user has not had the tools necessary determine this specific risk factor. the blue protocol helps make this easy, and the wallet makes seamless and user friendly. many tokens developers hold significant portions their own supply. are able detect and notify users this the amount higher than certain threshold. using our bgeth system, can perform these analyses with ease analyze the top wallets determine the true circulating supply. detect trades between the top wallets, which are often form wash trades. detect developer wallets are frozen. analyze the top wallets and determine the token distribution healthy. the blue standard the standard which blue evaluates all erc tokens for participation the blue seal approval program this format highly inspired the ethereum eip contributor standard. blue improvement proposals (bips) describe the standards which hold tokens, wallets, exchanges, and other blockchain actors when assigning reputation the blue ecosystem. blue standard community driven standard that will applied every ico and blockchain focused company/token. keep bad actors accountable, and give well meaning actors way look what's expected them. well "to do" list good practices. example, see the infinite minting item the blue standard below. blue standard: infinite minting abstract token creators can optionally choose opt-in giving themselves others the ability mint tokens. believe this should limited time, scope, quantity. whether intentional accidental should introduce fuzz-testing layer the evm that can try random inputs until determined that the total supply may increased decreased through smart contract interactions. motivation currently, there clear way for the average investor know that token may increase decrease it's supply. the only way for investors understand the different read and understand the source code every item they trade. not only this time-consuming for the skilled investor, impossible for the novice investor. result there large quantity blind trading happening, where investors have idea whether not their tokens are backed constant supply, fixed-rate fluctuating supply implementation details trivial implement fuzz testing ethereum side-chain and simply try random input parameters, and then calculate the total supply measure whether not any set inputs changes the total supply. does, matter standard metadata output, include this boolean flag the okenmeta.json blue geth. other examples from the blue standard include: token locking clear cash flow standard token locking for founders clear howey results clear token economics separation concerns with tokens and ico code code standards clear descriptions functions investors know they are being deceived easily. excuses after the fact ico standards why does your ico need have token? why does need blockchain explanation code standards gas usage. useless functions and dependencies dapp standardisation naming conventions acceptable plagiarism definitions (math equations etc) anti-kill switch unless conditional multisig integrations blue protocol integrations for wallet providers wallet providers will able use our sdk and work with our tools enable many our features partner wallets, such as: blacklisting whitelisting token analysis integrations for exchanges exchanges will able use our sdk and work with our tools enable many our features partner exchanges. common uses may include: real volume calculations pump warnings token analysis blacklisting market cap calculations dev holdings calculations integrations for block explorers and price charts common features used block explorers may include: real volume calculations identifying bad tokens real liquidity ratings for tokens spearheading the crypto self governance today, blue the only organization actively seeking solve the self governance problem. this important, and must happen, pointed out earlier this document. hacks, loss funds, custodial failures, and other reasons lead problems every day the industry. cryptocurrency not yet adopted the mainstream, even the early adopters. need standards and compliant partners step and join forces the self-regulatory effort. this what need bring adoption this new and exciting industry. words regulators the crypto world more knowledgeable crypto-currency than regulators, and better suited self-regulate. given the complexity crypto and the unique needs, self-regulatory effort will help protect crypto investors, without sacrificing the technological leaps made possible blockchain technology. the world governments want continue regulating cryptocurrency, they will met with more and more resistance with modern tools obscure crypto trading, and pushback from the community. cryptography both ubiquitous and unbreakable. these tools are important for the world, and must protect the rights those who choose work with them. urge regulators let this infant crypto community educate, and self-regulate for themselves.