decentralized database for the future bluzelle fills void the decentralized internet ecosystem whitepaper december wrien pavel bains neeraj murarka important notice please read this entire notice very carefully. you are doubt the action you should take relation this document, please consult your legal, commercial, financial, tax, other professional advisors. this white paper states the current views bluzelle platorm pte. ltd. concerning the proposed decentralized database storage network named 'bluzelle', the external cryptographic tokens proposed used with bluzelle ("blz"), and related maers. bluzelle platorm may from _me _me revise this white paper any respect without no_ce. however, bluzelle platorm undertakes obliga_on update this white paper any the informa_on contains. you are responsible for ensuring that you have the latest version this white paper and that you read and understand its contents. indicave informaon only. this white paper presents indica_ve informa_on only. unless expressly specified otherwise, bluzelle and the technologies which will based are under development and are not currently deployed. any plans, projec_ons, forecasts men_oned this white paper may not achieved due mul_ple risk factors, including without limita_on defects technology, legal regulatory exposure, market vola_lity, sector vola_lity, corporate ac_ons, the unavailability complete and accurate informa_on. not offer, solicitaon, recommendaon. this white paper for informa_onal purposes only and does not cons_tute, and not intended be, prospectus offer sell, solicita_on offer buy, recommenda_on blz, bluzelle, investment bluzelle any project property bluzelle platorm, shares other securi_es bluzelle platorm any affiliated associated company any jurisdic_on. not contract. publishing this white paper, bluzelle platorm does not intend solicit, and not solici_ng, any ac_on with respect blz any contractual rela_onship with bluzelle platorm any affiliated associated company. this white paper not contract and does not legally bind bluzelle platorm any other party. bluzelle platorm will not accept any cryptocurrency other form payment respect blz based this white paper. bluzelle platorm elects conduct sale blz, any offer sell blz will made only the terms and condi_ons binding legal agreement between the buyer and bluzelle platorm, the details which bluzelle platorm will make available separately from this white paper. not designed intended investment product securies. bluzelle platorm has designed blz externally-tradable token that can converted and from the bluzelle platorm internal token (bnt), which will the exclusive medium exchange within bluzelle. bluzelle platorm has not designed blz have the characteris_cs investment product and does not intend them securi_es any other type financial investment instrument any jurisdic_on. without limita_on, blz not en_tle holders dividend any financial other type return from bluzelle platorm bluzelle simply possessing them; blz not en_tle holders vote on, otherwise exercise discre_on govern influence, any aspect bluzelle platorm's any other en_ty's corporate en_ty, bluzelle platorm's any other en_ty's business, bluzelle any other service; and blz not confer ownership, equity, rights, interests, benefits the revenues, profits, other financial aspects of, bluzelle platorm any other en_ty, bluzelle, any underlying asset (whether tangible, intangible, virtual), any technology intellectual property developed, acquired, licensed bluzelle platorm any other en_ty. not recommendaon advice. this white paper provides informa_on about bluzelle platorm and summarizes the target market, business model, and technology bluzelle. nothing this white paper should considered recommenda_on for any person purchase blz use bluzelle. your reques_ng copy, possession, sharing this white paper does not cons_tute par_cipa_on any sale blz, bluzelle platorm elects conduct such sale. informa_on this white paper should considered business, legal, financial, tax advice regarding the purchase blz the use bluzelle. part this white paper may relied form the basis of, connec_on with, any decision regarding the purchase blz the use bluzelle. not reviewed, examined approved regulatory authority. regulatory authority has reviewed, examined approved any the informa_on contained this white paper. bluzelle platorm has not sought, and will not seek, review, examina_on approval any the informa_on contained this white paper under the laws regula_ons any jurisdic_on. the publica_on distribu_on this white paper does not imply that applicable laws, regula_ons, rules have been complied with. third party sources. bluzelle platorm and bluzelle related par_es have not independently verified the completeness accuracy any informa_on extracted from third party sources. forward-looking statements. all statements this white paper, bluzelle platorm's website, communica_on channels (such slack, medium, reddit, telegram, github, and twier), otherwise made bluzelle platorm its authorized representa_ves any media that are not statements historical fact (including statements using words such "aim", "target", "an_cipate", "believe", "could", "es_mate", "expect", "if", "intend", "may", "plan", "possible", "probable", "project", "should", "would", "will", the nega_ves those terms, and similar expressions), including but not limited statements about bluzelle, blz, bluzelle platorm's financial posi_on, business strategies, plans and prospects, and industry trends are "forward-looking statements". forwardlooking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertain_es, and other factors (including but not limited changes poli_cal, social, economic, and stock cryptocurrency market condi_ons and changes the regulatory environment where bluzelle platorm and bluzelle will operate) which may cause the actual results, performance, achievements bluzelle platorm, bluzelle, and blz differ materially from the future results, performance, achievements expressed implied the forward-looking statements. representa_on, warranty, undertaking, promise, guarantee given respect the forward-looking statements. forward-looking statements should not relied upon. limitaon liability. the maximum extent permied all applicable laws and regula_ons, bluzelle platorm and its affiliates and its and their founders, directors, officers, employees, advisors, agents, and representa_ves (bluzelle related par_es) shall not liable for any direct indirect loss revenue, income, profits, business, business opportunity, an_cipated saving, data, reputa_on, goodwill; any indirect, special, incidental, reliance, consequen_al, puni_ve, other losses damages any kind, tort, contract, strict liability, otherwise, arising out connec_on with any reliance this white paper any error, omission, inaccuracy any informa_on this white paper, even bluzelle platorm and bluzelle related par_es have been advised the possibility such losses damages. disclaimers representaons, warranes, undertakings, and condions. the maximum extent permied all applicable laws and regula_ons, bluzelle platorm and bluzelle related par_es not make purport make, and hereby disclaim, all representa_ons, warran_es, undertakings, and condi_ons (express implied, whether statute, common law, custom, usage, otherwise) regarding bluzelle platorm, bluzelle, blz, this white paper, and any forward-looking statements. bluzelle platorm provides any informa_on this white paper "as is" with guarantee completeness, accuracy, _meliness, the results obtained from the use this informa_on. requirement for reproducon and distribuon. unless this white paper, including this no_ce, reproduced and distributed its en_rety without change, bluzelle platorm's prior wrien consent required. part this white paper may reproduced used in, distributed any jurisdic_on where possession distribu_on this white paper prohibited restricted. english version controls. the english language version this white paper the only official version. transla_ons this white paper into any language other than english may introduce ambigui_es and errors, despite the best inten_ons the translators, and bluzelle platorm does not guarantee the accuracy any transla_on. there conflict between the english version this white paper and translated version, the english version will control. (c) bluzelle platorm pte. ltd. all rights reserved. bluzelle trade mark bluzelle networks pte. ltd. all other product names are trademarks registered trademarks their respec_ve owners. introduction our vision make the internet safer and more secure place for the data people and businesses. the problem blockchain technologies are propelling the next genera_on the internet. protocols like ethereum are platorm for launching decentralized applica_ons (dapps) that will change the way products and services are consumed. these dapps will exchange massive amounts data that need stored and managed. the problem blockchains like ethereum are not designed for data storage and management; doing would take too much space and take too much _me. the solution bluzelle just like decentralized services like filecoin and storj are needed for file storage management; there need for data storage management. bluzelle decentralized, on-demand, scalable database service for dapps. bluzelle fills need and complementary the other components make the decentralized internet complete. without these decentralized components, the decentralized internet would not able run efficiently and scale massive use. ecosystem components the current internet the decentralized internet applications operating system file storage data storage management bluzelle the right fit because provides enterprise-grade database services price for all decentralized applicaon (dapps) developers. history bluzelle seeing that blockchain can provide numerous benefits the finance industry, bluzelle was formed july created technology stack that abstracts the complexi_es managing blockchain applica_ons. april launches canadian ripple gateway directly connected canadian banking debit network july pavel bains and neeraj murarka form bluzelle vancouver, canada march raises seed financing round from true global ventures february sets singapore may builds ripple-based cross border payments poc for global banking platform temenos september builds ethereum-based consumer mobile insurance application for global insurer aia december named the global fintech ventures april builds ethereum-based kyc ledger for international banks consortium consisting ocbc, hsbc and mufg june named technology pioneer world economic forum july builds ethereum-based insurance platform for large asian insurer august raises usd round from international vcs global brains (japan), true global ventures (europe) and lun partners (china) working with enterprise customers revealed one cri_cal challenge for widespread adop_on blockchain applica_ons: the management large amounts data. this discovery led the formaon the bluzelle decentralized database service. the current state database services it's es_mated that years there will over billion connected devices that require the genera_on, management, storage, and retrieval enormous amounts data. "business leaders demand next-generation applications and new insights drive more intelligent engagement and better decisions. get there, enterprise architects need design agile technical architecture that can scale automatically with capabilities, such databases, that are always available support new initiatives. takes enormous time, effort, and coordination provision new databases today because lack resources meet the administration challenges rolling out complex clustered systems." forrester research, market overview database service address this problem, emerged the cloud database and database-as-a-service (dbaas) market. according markets and markets, this industry expected grow cagr billion there are four primary drivers demand for dbaas: consumer personalization apps financial, dating, social media products internet-of-things (iot) applications everything being connected mobile apps amount data consumed growing exponentially line-of-business (lob) collaboration business units share more info with all these applica_ons producing more and more data, past and present database management services are under-equipped meet the needs businesses. there are problems centered around performance, reliability and scalability. these can lead problems data breaches resul_ng massive amounts data thet. the systems the past and present will now evolve the future: the bluzelle decentralized, on-demand, database service. past: single system present: cloud future: decentralized multiple sources failure single source failure points failure expensive scale expensive scale scales efficiently privacy privacy highest privacy immutability immutability immutable performance limitations some performance limitations performance limitations bluzelle features bluzelle decentralized database service for dapp developers. ensure developers get the highest throughout performance, reliability and scalability, bluzelle implements swarming technologies. swarm large group nodes (computers) that work together store and manage data. nodes these swarms can down and new nodes can come with minimal impact the network. overall bluzelle meta-swarm comprised mul_ple swarms. performance bluzelle's unique and proprietary swarming techniques were designed for the highest performance. bluzelle can reduce latency retrieving data from the nearest nodes the leaf swarm, and/or increase speed manyfold retrieving data parallel from the fastest nodes the leaf swarm. this like torrents and seeds. when data requested, done parallel where chunks (shards) are requested from all the different swarms that contain those shards, and these are all retrieved parallel, resul_ng desirable performance metrics. reliability using the concept fog swarm compu_ng, bluzelle follows model where every unit data replicated single leaf swarm amongst swarm swarms. while the data only one swarm, that swarm's nodes are aplenty and are geographically dispersed, immune localized outages caused either natural human-related events. scalability scalability possible both horizontally ver_cally. bluzelle manages the various strategies and considera_ons around the use case having increase scale. horizontal scaling cornerstone the bluzelle architecture, where every swarm another "unit" horizontal scaling the metaswarm level. within every leaf swarm, every node acts yet another agent horizontal scaling, the leaf swarm level. the following table outlines addi_onal features bluzelle. feature description highest privacy bluzelle employs cryptography and sharding techniques provide privacy guarantee. high reliability bluzelle redundantly stores tiny pieces data nodes across the globe, eliminating any single point failure. enterprise scalability bluzelle algorithms store data unique, distributed and intelligent manner that will provide enterprise-level scalability. data immutability bluzelle leverages blockchain technology that once data stored such network, impossible change that data. high performance speeds bluzelle dynamically adjusts the number and location nodes sharding the consumer's data meet performance metrics. intruders bluzelle's use consensus the only method which updates the network can accepted the "truth". low cost bluzelle operates few data centers and has little capital costs. vast majority computer resources are provided participant producers. how does bluzelle work? bluzelle takes blockchain principles and sharding paroning concepts create airbnb like marketplace for data storage and management. this crypto-economic network powerful producers and consumers. consumer the consumer the one who "consumes" the bluzelle database services. these are the developers target. consumers are spending bluzelle tokens they can store and retrieve data. addi_onally user could get credit tokens producer failed meet certain service levels. producer the producer the one who provides resources the network return for earning bluzelle tokens (blz). bluzelle producers will required put propor_onal stake bluzelle tokens, order provide guarantee the service levels bluzelle will provide. bluzelle will encourage compe__on producers provide higher quality services, where those with higher service levels can charge more but also have put higher stake. every par_cipa_ng consumer and producer bluzelle are ini_ally required independently create their own ethereum account and take responsibility for securing and protec_ng their private key. the private key used secure access their eth and bluzelle tokens and encrypt their data before gets sent out over the bluzelle network. dapp uses cases for bluzelle predictions markets decentralized predic_ons markets ethereum require the management and storage massive amounts data work. these include: the ques_ons being asked, the different possible outcomes, the predic_ons being made, and the sourced informa_on for the actual events. decentralized database can grow and scale per the products needs. having fast and reliable access data important for the success the predicons market garner new customers and parcipaon. historical data stored bluzelle will add new category predic_ons that can reduce human specula_on using past events make beer predic_ons. currency exchange protocols key part currency exchange protocol the presence relayers, who enable makers and takers connect via off-chain order books. the underlying order-books must fast, efficient, reliable, and easy supply, the relayers. pain point relayers are responsible store these order-books each their own way. using decentralized database like bluzelle, currency exchange protocols can provide relayers with standard, consistent, ubiquitous, database that would available with effort. this reduc_on fric_on maximizes the service level and quality the network would now s_ll powered relayers. data streaming networks data streaming networks match consumers data points with producers data points. for example car uses real-_me traffic data from the data streaming network. the car collects real_me data while moves. both paying for data "buys" and "earning" from data "sells" the network. the data points need both readable and writable with high performance, availability, scalability, and reliability. bluzelle ideal provide the precise infrastructure needed that data streaming network can store its data meet these requirements. marketing strategy target market bluzelle has three groups that targets become mainstream product like oracle systems. bluzelle will start the first with the first group and then expand outwards. early adopters dapp developers. one the fastest growing segments the sotware industry. involves sotware developers late majority wri_ng blockchain based applica_ons that take advantage early majority other decentralized technologies that are complementary bluzelle. early adopters dapp developers early majority small-to-mid size developers. refers developers that are not dapps but building common web, mobile, hardware applica_ons. these developers are small-to-mid size developers enterprise software architects wri_ng games, produc_vity sotware, mobile applica_ons, u_lity sotware, and many other sotware products. late majority enterprise sodware architects. the large enterprises who see how dapps and other developers use bluzelle and then have the valida_on also move their data storage needs us. regional focus with it's offices both singapore and vancouver, bluzelle unique posi_on grow two the biggest regions for dapps and the blockchain: us/canada and asia pacific. from china korea japan southeast asia, this region home fast growing startup blockchain community. these startups require efficient and low-cost services. many parts southeast asia are rapidly developing major ci_es and high-growth economies. they are leapfrogging legacy client-server architecture systems innova_ve adap_ve and scalable solu_ons built for the future. "asia pacific anticipated aggressively adopt cloud database and dbaas solutions the near future. this basically due the increasing focus small, medium, and large scale enterprises for the purpose improving efficiency and productivity via investment technology." tmr research cloud database and database service (dbaas) market, bluzelle has r&d center vancouver, canada. being western canada/us gives bluzelle strategic posi_on offer it's product the growing blockchain and overall developer businesses seale, portland, san francisco and silicon valley. bluzelle's founders, advisors, investors have history working silicon valley and have strong connec_ons build support the worlds biggest technology center. these regions are just start. bluzelle global product that meets the needs developers everywhere. the bluzelle developer community the first release bluzelle planned for april and have started building our developer community. servicing sotware developers has less fric_on they can engaged online and are passionate about technologies that help them make beer products quickly and easily. early on, will get feedback the product and build the ecosystem enabling both the producers and consumers bluzelle. will have online community site, hackathons, host meetup events, and much more. tech company, bluzelle's employees have organic network peers, friends and acquaintances who are the target market. men_oned the prior sec_on, bluzelle will doing various developer reach outs many the biggest ci_es asia and us/canada. the bluzelle developer community bluzelle's ecosystem the opportunity get bluzelle into the hands consumers tremendous. key build healthy ecosystem where bluzelle integrated many technologies; making easy for customers find bluzelle. developer marketplaces bluzelle aims partner with leading sotware development ecosystems and establishing channel partnerships that share revenue. notable examples would include heroku, aws elas_c beanstalk, redhat openshit, google app engine, and microsot azure. with such integra_ons, developers can quickly use bluzelle's decentralized database, just effortlessly they can use tradi_onal cloud database offerings simply point and click. developer environments development environments such android studio, apple xcode, microsot xamarin and visual studio, eclipse, intellij, unityd, phonegap, and ionic are targeted for plugins and integra_ons that dapp developers both desktop and mobile apps can easily integrate bluzelle whenever they have database needs for their games, enterprise applica_ons, etc. blockchains blockchains play large role the bluzelle ecosystem. smart contract classes and instances are planned deployed directly not just ethereum but other open blockchain protocols like hyperledger enable dapp smart contracts use bluzelle for storage needs. operating systems and browser tools opera_ng-system and browser tools further enhance the developer's ability access data, whether from gui applica_on running their desktop browser plugin that enables them quickly store and retrieve table data. the bluzelle token bluzelle powered two tokens: ethereum erc- external token: blz this externally-tradable token bridges the bluzelle na_ve token (bnt) with ethereum's own na_ve eth token. bluzelle network token: bnt internal token bluzelle alone that enables the bluzelle crypto-economy, where consumers pay and producers earn. the need for internal token because erc- tokens are too slow and expensive for real_me database accoun_ng. the blz erc- external token exists represent exchanges for customers easily obtain use the bluzelle service. the bnt internal na_ve token exists enable high-speed, zero-cost, and real-_me database accoun_ng. the blz and bnt tokens can interchanged via the bluzelle token gateway. for the public sale, people will purchasing blz tokens. when new par_cipant the network wishes use its services consumer, they will need acquire bnt tokens. the standard method doing follows: buy blz tokens crypto-exchange using eth, btc other forms the exchange allows. send blz tokens the bluzelle token gateway's smart contract via ethereum. the gateway will issue new bnt tokens the user's bluzelle network wallet. the user now has bnt tokens, and free par_cipate the network consumer. when producer wishes "withdraw" their bnt tokens, they use the following steps: send the bnt tokens the special bluzelle gateway. the gateway converts the bnt tokens ra_o blz tokens, and sends these blz tokens the producer's registered ethereum wallet. the producer now has the blz tokens, and free transact with them the ethereum network. ethereum bluzelle blz blz bluzelle metaswarm decentralized consensusledger for bnt. bnt swarm swarm erc- token smart contract ethereum blz wallet gateway smart contract swarm swarm swarm swarm dcl bnt wallet revenue model the blz bnt gateway proposes micro-transac_on fee for every conversion going through the gateway either direc_on. the fee charged blz tokens and sent special ethereum wallet owned bluzelle. the model setup the en_re ecosystem remains completely decentralized while s_ll providing revenue for bluzelle improve and innovate the network and its associated services. following are two typical scenarios: user needs bnt tokens use the service. the user sends blz the blz smart contract. blz subtracted from the total blz and sent the bluzelle ethereum wallet non-refundable fee. the remaining blz converted bnt and credited the user's bnt bluzelle na_ve wallet. user wishes convert bnt blz. the user sends bnt tokens the bnt gateway. the bnt tokens are converted blz rate, resul_ng conversion amount blz. blz are subtracted from the total blz and sent the bluzelle ethereum wallet non-refundable fee. the remaining blz released out custody the ethereum smart contract and sent the correct par_cipant' ethereum wallet. absolute prices are calculated dynamically and are not determinis_c. maximums are baked into bluzelle, where the network adjusts the number swarms and distribu_on nodes prices start approach the maximums, ge|ng increasingly aggressive with network adjustments the maximums draw nearer, un_l expected average prices start trend again. technology overview this sec=on provides overview bluzelle's technology architecture. for more in-depth reading with more details refer the technology paper. database crud api crud stands for "create, read, update, and delete" for the four basic func_ons pertaining databases and permanent storage. crud covers the func_onality rela_onal databases, where each create, read, update, and delete can mapped corresponding sql and http methods. password the user's own choosing also required, and the user protect this password and keep available for later. all the data stored key value pairs are encrypted, with the password being used the ini_aliza_on vector aes symmetric key encryp_on. this password only ever used locally and never travels the network any way, shape, form. sharding shard stands for "system for highly available replicated data". large databases oten are hard work with due the size and memory constraints they come with. par__oning the database along logical lines, the database becomes much easier work with. logical shard the smallest unit bluzelle and contains individual units data that all share the same par__on key. par__on key unique iden_fier that allows the shard accessed for the retrieval informa_on. bluzelle, par__on keys allow the dapp store and retrieve data from the correctly iden_fied leaf swarm efficiently. bluzelle, groups logical shards are stored leaf swarms, and the amalgama_on these leaf swarms that makes the en_rety the bluzelle database. jump consistent hashing jump consistent hashing (jch) was first described white paper john lamping and eric veach google. elegant algorithm that only takes about lines code language like c++. jch does not have state machine, and therefore requires storage. algorithm without lookups memory and therefore much faster. bluzelle uses jch map from the key (in key value pairs nosql table) the the swarm that the key replicated in. once that found, bluzelle uses kademlia hashing find the means reach that swarm even that specific swarm not running. kademlia hashing kademlia advanced form typical peer-to-peer distributed hash table which has been structured way make par_cular use the special symmetric and geometric proper_es the bitwise xor func_on. bluzelle uses kademlia hashing efficiently enable nodes know about every other swarm the network. using kademlia's own form "finger tables", each node the network only needs know informa_on about how reach o(log(n)) other leaf swarms, where the total number leaf swarms the network. this means that irrespec_ve how large the network ever becomes, every node can reach every other leaf swarm within o(log(n)) tries, only storing o(log(n)) data. result, bluzelle able handle exponen_al growth. partial replication par_al replica_on means that not every node the network has copy the data only the nodes within the leaf swarm delegated that data replicate it. this one the key differences between bluzelle and tradi_onal "blockchain". blockchains are inherently slow and not scale well, every set transac_ons blocks replicated everywhere, pu|ng severe ver_cal scaling limita_ons the network. bluzelle design only stores the data amongst strategic subset the nodes, sta_s_cally providing guarantee that the data always available and s_ll achieving the benefits boundless horizontal scaling. par_al replica_on exists because only one swarm amongst all the swarms the network replicates given piece data. interes_ng incumbent technology that can compared this the content delivery network (cdn). load balancing benefit having logical shard stored mul_ple physical nodes speed having the same data accessible through different hardware resources various geographical loca_ons, the system may load-balance queries retrieve data from nearby nodes that are least taxed any given moment _me. this permits bluzelle dynamically perform queries and retrieve data the most efficient way possible, maximizing use the shared resources spanning across mul_ple nodes. redundancy replicated data stored across different nodes with unique infrastructure, there severely reduced causa_on between single-node failure and loss the shard. this method mirroring serves secure the availability data efficient manner ensuring any single point failure inconsequen_al. consensus bluzelle deals with consensus differently from blockchains, doing away with any concept network-wide universal state. there need for single state for the whole network, bluzelle applies the consensus model swarming level, ensuring that leaf swarms nodes storing data shards are each reaching localized consensus, using our customized forms consensus and proof algorithms swarm with consensus appears clients interac_ng with that swarm (or other swarms interac_ng with the swarm) single, atomic, indivisible unit that stores set data reliably. any node that leaf swarm can accurately service requests pertaining that data. karma every producer bluzelle en_tled run one more nodes the network farming nodes. each such producer will use their ethereum address the "key" that iden_fies them. this iden_fier unique that farmer and _ed with their ethereum address. the producer also has "karma index", which score that dictates how well-behaved the producer is. the karmic index can and down depending the producer's ac_vi_es and decisions, inten_onal not, autonomous not, and spans all the nodes the producer operates. one such node misbehaves, the karmic index typically drops and this applies all the producer's nodes. furthermore, the farmer required put stake (in bnt tokens) that propor_onal the number nodes and inversely propor_onal the karmic index. sybil attacks some blockchain networks, like bitcoin, allow anyone add their node the network. that brings the concern that malicious organiza_on could poten_ally add many nodes that they dispropor_onately control the network and leading hijacking the network. this referred sybil aack. bitcoin and ethereum obviate sybil aacks making them prohibi_vely expensive via proof work. bluzelle employs several methods prevent sybil aacks that when bad actor caught, they can blacklisted, and economically penalized leading complete removal from the network. these an_-sybil aack methods are: producers are required put bnt stake par_cipate the network. this stake serves requirement for par_cipa_on and strong economic deterrent from bad behaviour. the kademlia distributed hash table used relies message redundancy and the xor distance func_on. neighbours are selected and messages are redundantly sent mul_ple neighbors the intended node for an_-sybil verifica_on purposes. nodes that mislead the swarm loca_on effort will systema_cally tracked down and caught. request swarm for crud func_onality done with redundancy, where mul_ple nodes the same swarm all perform the request. given the node->swarm membership rules for bluzelle, sta_s_cally unlikely that mul_ple such nodes chosen perform given transac_on are colluding bad actors that deliver bad yet consistent data. swarm membership determined the network and cannot chosen nodes. this means that would-be sybil aacker who aempts join the network with nodes masquerading with the iden_ty nodes will not able gain cri_cal mass memberships into any single swarm. nodes can posed challenge request par_cipate proof storage test. this test performed coopera_on with the consumer either random network-ini_ated basis the consumer directly and forces the targeted node prove they have the correct data. byzantine general's fault one way protect against byzan_ne faults have default understanding what there informa_on. bluzelle, misleading corrupted inconsistent informa_on detected, the default nothing. thanks the aforemen_oned redundancy crud requests made swarm, inconsistency caught, whether inten_onal not. any case, bluzelle nodes are instructed ignore the transac_on and nothing. only authen_cated transac_ons with proper creden_als and checksums are accepted and transacted upon. this way, bluzelle byzan_ne fault tolerant design. the company structure, team, investors, advisors bluzelle platorm pte. ltd singapore company. singapore chosen for its ecosystem fostering blockchain innova_ons and regula_ons that support the growth well-managed businesses. the team bluzelle team and growing with mainly top engineers with backgrounds computer science, ai, cogni_ve science, blockchain, security, networking and more. some members are: pavel bains ceo neeraj murarka cto nitin cunha developer scott burch developer mehdi kolahchi developer yingyao xie product assoc. pavel bains, ceo/co-founder pavel has over years experience opera_onal management, digital technology and finance. ncaa honor roll student-athlete from ucla, pavel also was the co-founder storypanda, digital book platorm that published cri_cally acclaimed _tles dreamworks, warner bros, peanuts and more. pavel was and cfo roles for video game studios, including looking ater disney studios across four con_nents and people and budgets. neeraj murarka, cto/co-founder neeraj engineer and computer systems architect with over years experience. has worked for google, ibm, hewle packard, luthansa, thales avionics. projects include: locking down modified android for retail markets; mul_cast udp satellite-based systems, design and development secure and ffa-approved systems for airbus and boeing. neeraj was the fourth employee acquired blockchain startup, zero block. early investors bluzelle raised round financing from venture capital firms kick-start development the database service, accelerate staffing and provide capital needed for the token sale. advisors bluzelle has put together specialized unit advisors guide the growth the business. each person technology heavyweight contribu_ng companies like facebook, paypal, linkedin, ethereum and more. these include the following: gil penchina super-angel known for investing ripple, civic, linkedin and more. brian fox cto orchid, creator bash, opensource advocate. prashant malik facebook engineer, creator cassandra alex leverington core ethereum developer, found metagrid, cryptotech expert. corporate governance compliance, legal bluzelle believes maintaining high standards for opera_ng transparent business. have created group top professional firms legal accoun_ng ensure these standards are met. orionw legal counsel for singapore bryan cave legal counsel for hong kong and usa pricewaterhousecooper corporate governance, corporate strategy, tax advisory token sale bluzelle will execu_ng token sale raise funds for development and commercializa_on its decentralized database service. the maximum amount will accept value $,, usd. the only accepted currency will eth. exact pricing eth blz will determined later date prior the official token sale. token allocation token sale: blz will offered for sale that consumers and producers can become part the ecosystem early and have tokens needed used for bluzelle. retained bluzelle: the retained tokens can used addi_onal offerings further development and staff incen_ves. developer fund: used incen_vize, reward and aract outside developers build projects, integra_ons, partnerships, hackathons and community involvement. growing the ecosystem important. founding team: bluzelle's founders have been working the business for over three years. alloca_on their blz tokens will vest over three years. early backers, equity investors and advisors: bluzelle has been fortunate have early investors and advisors help with the development the technology. part the equity investments have been converted into tokens. use funds research product development: use con_nuously develop the product, grow the team globally. network costs: ini_al capital needed seed the network with nodes and kick-start the decentralized service. sales and markeng: grass-roots marke_ng start and expand conferences, sponsorships, adver_sing. operaons: general overhead and administra_ve costs for running the business global scale. legal, compliance, accounng: important bluzelle maintain high standards for its opera_ons and provide transparency. roadmap break down the development bluzelle into month releases, each named ater physicist. lovelace december single-swarm nosql key-value pair raft consensus storage facility, driven minimum stake blz erc- tokens the ethereum blockchain. nosql key-value pairs, bluzelle harvesting agent, leaf swarms, consensus, horizontal partitioning, consistent hashing, crud api, bluzelle tokenization, erc- token gateway, versioning and backup/restore, dynasty keys kepler august paas integrations, ide plugins and integrations, blockchain smart contracts, desktop and browser and mobile apps for interactive access, import/export from legacy databases, node scoring and health metrics leibniz april proof storage merkel challenges and rewards, proof stake requirement for farmers, variable crud request pricing, edge caching data close requests, request parallelism and hotspot support, spartacus attack tolerance turing december april curie december einstein nosql documents, nosql document collections, nosql document collection indices, nosql document collection partitions, global crud operations, batch crud operations august archimedes vertical partitioning, partitioning, variablecost data expiries, sybil attack tolerance, deletion reversibility, proof redundancy via erasure coding column stores, s/kademlia improvements, honest geppetto attack tolerance, party arbitration against cheating owner attacks, reverse http tunnelling, tunnel eclipse attack tolerance, multiparty encryption, complex binary blob storage support risk disclosures please carefully read and evaluate the risks that bluzelle platorm describes below. the realisaon any one more the risks described this white paper, other risks whether unforeseen unforeseeable, could significantly reduce eliminate the ulity value blz and parcipant (each, "parcipant") the proposed sale blz (the "token sale") could lose their enre amount paid for blz. bluzelle plaporm does not represent that this white paper discloses all risks and other significant aspects the token sale, including risks which may personal proposed parcipants and thus unknown bluzelle plaporm. proposed parcipants who not fully understand are not comfortable with any the risks described this white paper should consult their legal, commercial, financial, tax, other professional advisers; otherwise, they should not parcipate the token sale. the maximum extent permiqed all applicable laws and regulaons, bluzelle plaporm and its affiliates and its and their founders, directors, officers, employees, advisers, agents, and representaves (the "bluzelle related pares") shall not liable for any direct indirect loss revenue, income, profits, business, business opportunity, ancipated saving, data, reputaon, goodwill; any indirect, special, incidental, reliance, consequenal, punive, other losses damages any kind, tort, contract, strict liability, otherwise, arising out connecon with any loss damage parcipant (or proposed parcipant) relang the risks associated with the token sale connecon with erroneous insufficient consultaon with advice received from any adviser, even bluzelle plaporm and the bluzelle related pares have been advised the possibility such losses damages. references 'bluzelle platorm' the risk factors discussed this sec_on include, where the context permits requires, any bluzelle related party involved the opera_on bluzelle the conduct the token sale. references "discre_on" mean "sole and absolute discre_on", unless otherwise qualified. company risks company failure. consequence the realisa_on one more the other risks this white paper risks not described this white paper, bluzelle platorm's business could fail and bluzelle platorm could wound dissolved. bluzelle platorm's business fails and bluzelle the sotware platorm which operates (the "applicaon") not transferred and operated another company, bluzelle would terminate and any blz would have u_lity value. bluzelle platorm does not commit that can will transfer the applica_on bluzelle another company its business fails. bluzelle platorm does transfer the applica_on bluzelle another company, bluzelle platorm does not commit that the other company will operate bluzelle par_cipant's sa_sfac_on all, will con_nue accept blz for use bluzelle. management failures. bluzelle platorm's management may fail manage its personnel, finances, facili_es, informa_on, technology, and other resources effec_vely develop, operate, maintain, support, improve, market, and sell the applica_on and bluzelle, manage the growth bluzelle its business, adapt the applica_on its business changes technology the markets which operates, iden_fy and effec_vely respond the risks described this white paper otherwise, the realisa_on any all which could adversely affect bluzelle. governance rights. blz confer governance similar rights with respect bluzelle platorm, the applica_on, bluzelle. bluzelle platorm will, its discre_on, make all decisions concerning its business, the applica_on, and bluzelle, including decisions fork discon_nue bluzelle; change any pricing, parameter, feature bluzelle; subcontract outsource the development, maintenance, support, and opera_on the applica_on; sell the applica_on; and sell, merge, liquidate bluzelle platorm all material part bluzelle platorm's assets, any which decisions may not consistent with par_cipant's expecta_ons interests. business model risks. bluzelle platorm designed bluzelle (including the applica_on and blz) according specific business model. par_cular, the adop_on and success bluzelle depends several factors, including: bluzelle platorm's ability hire top engineers develop the applica_on and bluzelle; the number users providing resources support the func_ons bluzelle; the availability blz bluzelle users ater the token sale; and the number users perceiving blz valuable and thus willing use bluzelle either providers resources consumers bluzelle. the business model bluzelle flawed, the assump_ons underlying that business model are incorrect, bluzelle may underperform fail. bluzelle platorm may its discre_on elect change the business model bluzelle response compe__on market requirements, address perceived flaws, op_mise the model, otherwise. any such changes the business model bluzelle may fail achieve their purpose and could adversely affect bluzelle. insufficient funding. bluzelle platorm will depend the proceeds the token sale fund its opera_ons un_l such _me, ever, that bluzelle platorm earns sufficient revenue from bluzelle other ac_vi_es. the proceeds the token sale are cryptocurrencies that may increase decrease value. bluzelle platorm may, its discre_on, engage hedging similar ac_vi_es manage the risk cryptocurrency fluctua_ons, but those ac_vi_es may not sufficient, may fail, may worsen the consequences those fluctua_ons. addi_on, the cryptocurrencies held bluzelle platorm may not conver_ble fiat currencies other cryptocurrencies rates bluzelle platorm considers favourable all. the cryptocurrencies held bluzelle platorm are also subject loss thet despite security precau_ons taken bluzelle platorm. for any reason bluzelle platorm's funds are not sufficient sustain its opera_ons, bluzelle platorm may have reduce suspend its opera_ons, which would adversely affect bluzelle platorm's ability develop and operate platorm the intended level all. unancipated risks. bluzelle will launched and will evolve technology, business, economic, and legal environments that are uncertain and subject rapid, unpredictable, and poten_ally contradictory evolu_on. the future risks associated with those environments, their respec_ve evolu_ons, and the interac_ons among them are unknown and unknowable but they could threaten the viability existence bluzelle. product risks delay. bluzelle platorm may not develop and deploy the applica_on according its intended schedule. delays deploying the applica_on may adversely affect the acceptance bluzelle the market and ul_mately the viability bluzelle. inability use blz. holders blz will not able use them with bluzelle un_l bluzelle platorm makes them available ("launch"). launch may delayed, may not occur all. even ater launch, the availability certain services will limited. failure develop and support the service. consequence the realisa_on one more the other risks this white paper risks not described this white paper, because business technical decisions taken bluzelle platorm good faith, bluzelle platorm may fail launch bluzelle with full set intended features and func_ons all, may discon_nue certain features and func_ons bluzelle, may not improve add the features and func_ons bluzelle over _me, may not adequately support bluzelle, and may not fix bugs bluzelle _mely way all. bluzelle (including blz) may therefore not have the u_lity described this white paper expected par_cipant. service issues. bluzelle may degraded, interrupted, fail because hardware, sotware, network defects, security breaches, hacking, viruses other malicious code, natural disasters, conges_on underlying networks, and other causes. bluzelle platorm may unable restore bluzelle normal opera_on _mely way all. service updates. bluzelle platorm may not update bluzelle _mely way all fix bugs, address incompa_bili_es arising because changes underlying technologies and services, respond user feedback, react compe__ve threats. any such delays failures could adversely affect bluzelle. failure meet expectaons. the ini_al and future versions bluzelle may not meet par_cipant's expecta_ons regarding features, func_ons, performance, availability, quality, security, scale, price, other aributes that are important par_cipant. reliance third pares and third party systems. bluzelle platorm relies third par_es and third party systems does not control operate the applica_on and bluzelle and provide services which bluzelle depends. those third par_es and third party systems may unable unwilling act bluzelle platorm needs and expects, may themselves act maliciously, may adversely affected other par_es ac_ng inten_onally, uninten_onally, maliciously other events outside their control. the failure those third par_es third party systems perform according bluzelle platorm's needs and expecta_ons could adversely affect bluzelle. privacy risks. bluzelle will rely part ethereum and other public, decentralised platorms. anyone with internet access can inspect all transac_ons and other informa_on stored those platorms that not encrypted. par_cipant's transac_ons involving blz, and other informa_on about par_cipant that belongs par_cipant that may processed stored those platorms connec_on with par_cipant's use bluzelle, may inspected the public. certain informa_on may, even encrypted, associated with par_cipant combining with other public non-public informa_on. technology risks core technology risks. bluzelle built with core technologies that are some cases immature and unproven, including the ethereum blockchain platorm and various open source sotware applica_ons and libraries. those core technologies not perform according bluzelle platorm's needs expecta_ons, have bugs security vulnerabili_es that are not cannot fixed, become unstable, degraded, unavailable, are changed forked way that incompa_ble with bluzelle, are not further developed supported, bluzelle platorm may required change the specifica_ons bluzelle and reduce eliminate features and func_ons that are important par_cipants, discon_nue bluzelle. integraon risks. bluzelle will integrated using some essen_al third party services. the integra_ons with those services fail, those services are unreliable not perform expected, those features within bluzelle, bluzelle generally, may adversely affected delayed. smart contract risks. certain key features bluzelle will implemented smart contracts the applica_on and the ethereum blockchain platorm. the nature smart contracts makes them difficult change fix bugs, improve performance, add features and func_ons. bluzelle platorm may therefore not correct defects bluzelle improve bluzelle meet market needs respond compe__on fast enough all, which could adversely affect the u_lity viability bluzelle. hacking. all sotware systems, including the applica_on and the ethereum blockchain platorm, have security vulnerabili_es. malicious actors may (a) disrupt, corrupt, interfere with the applica_on, bluzelle, the ethereum blockchain platorm, (b) defraud bluzelle platorm other stakeholders bluzelle, including par_cipants blz holders, and (c) steal blz other valuable data stored the applica_on, bluzelle, the ethereum blockchain platorm, some which may belong involve par_cipants blz holders. mining aqacks. certain features bluzelle depend the ethereum blockchain platorm. ethereum decentralised service comprising global peer-to-peer network many independent node operators. coordina_on collusion among node operators could subject bluzelle and its stakeholders, including par_cipants blz holders, variety aacks that could compromise the integrity bluzelle, cause loss, thet, corrup_on blz and other valuable data stored bluzelle, including par_cipants blz holders, increase the cost using the platorm levels that make opera_on bluzelle uneconomic and unsustainable. security risks. the security and integrity essen_al components bluzelle depend cryptography. known and currently unknown weaknesses the cryptographic algorithms used bluzelle and its underlying core technologies, and advances techniques compu_ng power circumvent those algorithms, may compromise the security and integrity bluzelle, cause the loss, thet, corrup_on blz and other valuable data stored bluzelle, including par_cipants blz holders, and require the suspension discon_nua_on bluzelle. the existence future development stronger cryptographic algorithms replace compromised algorithms, and the feasibility implemen_ng those stronger algorithms bluzelle and its underlying core technologies, uncertain. prohibively high transacon costs. all transac_ons the ethereum blockchain platorm, including the transfer blz, have cost ether ("gas"). the date this white paper, gas prices for basic transac_ons the ethereum blockchain platorm are nominal. however, gas prices may increase and make the trading blz the ethereum blockchain platorm commercially unfeasible. ethereum may superseded. bluzelle platorm's view, the ethereum blockchain platorm the op_mum blockchain platorm from which issue blz. however, the ethereum blockchain platorm may superseded compe_ng blockchain platorms that improve the ethereum technology. not known whether the ethereum blockchain platorm will remain the predominant platorm for token issuances. ethereum superseded, blz could adversely affected usage and adop_on declines. regulatory risks regulatory status. the regulatory status the applica_on, bluzelle, blz, and the token sale unclear unseled many jurisdic_ons. regulators many jurisdic_ons have announced their inten_on consider the adop_on regula_ons cover cryptographic tokens and the markets for them. not known if, when, what degree different jurisdic_ons will interpret exis_ng laws and regula_ons adopt new laws and regula_ons that could adversely affect the applica_on, bluzelle, blz, and the token sale, whether those laws regula_ons would applied retroac_vely. adverse laws regula_ons and/or the financial and other costs regula_on could cause bluzelle platorm modify discon_nue certain features func_ons bluzelle, cause bluzelle platorm discon_nue the applica_on bluzelle certain jurisdic_ons en_rely, make dealing blz regulated illegal certain jurisdic_ons. excluded jurisdicons. the token sale will only open par_cipants jurisdic_ons where the token sale (or similar cryptographic token offerings) not prohibited otherwise restricted. par_cipant's sole responsibility determine they are prohibited restricted from par_cipa_ng the token sale, such par_cipa_on cons_tutes breach the laws regula_ons their jurisdic_on, whether virtue their ci_zenship, residency, other associa_on with jurisdic_on which prohibits otherwise restricts the conduct the token sale (or similar cryptographic token offerings). viola_on those prohibi_ons restric_ons may result criminal and/or administra_ve penal_es being imposed the breaching par_cipants. compliance risks. complying with laws and regula_ons that apply bluzelle platorm, the applica_on and/or bluzelle may costly and may divert significant por_on bluzelle platorm's aen_on and resources. bluzelle platorm must have licence other government registra_on approval operate the applica_on bluzelle jurisdic_on, there guarantee that bluzelle platorm will qualify for granted the necessary licence, registra_on, approval. the lack the necessary licence, registra_on approval would restrict prevent bluzelle platorm from opera_ng bluzelle that jurisdic_on. bluzelle platorm fails comply with applicable laws regula_ons, bluzelle platorm could subject significant legal liability and financial and reputa_onal losses which may adversely affect the applica_on, bluzelle, and/or blz. tax. the tax status the applica_on, bluzelle, blz, and the token sale unclear unseled many jurisdic_ons. adverse interpreta_on exis_ng tax laws and regula_ons adop_on new adverse tax laws and regula_ons could result unan_cipated and poten_ally retroac_ve tax liability for bluzelle platorm and other stakeholders bluzelle, including par_cipants and blz holders. those adverse tax consequences could cause bluzelle platorm modify discon_nue certain features func_ons bluzelle increase prices for bluzelle, cause bluzelle platorm make the applica_on bluzelle unavailable certain jurisdic_ons, make dealing blz subject tax certain jurisdic_ons. market risks lack market penetraon. bluzelle may not aract users and/or third par_es providing services bluzelle the intended level level sufficient become remain useful viable. any such lack use interest could nega_vely affect the development bluzelle and/or the u_lity value bluzelle and/or blz. compeon. other organisa_ons may develop (a) services that compete with bluzelle, and may with some all the open source sotware underlying bluzelle (b) cryptographic tokens that can used blockchain platorm-based database services similar bluzelle. those compe_ng services and cryptographic tokens may adversely affect the adop_on and use bluzelle and/or the adop_on, u_lity, and/or value blz, and ul_mately the viability and con_nued existence bluzelle and/or blz. unknown whether what extent, any, those compe_ng services and cryptographic tokens may interoperable with bluzelle may accept blz. secondary markets for blz. the date this white paper, there public market for blz. virtual currency exchanges and other secondary markets for blz may never exist. even blz are listed traded secondary market, there assurance that ac_ve liquid trading market for blz will develop or, developed, will sustained. unless bluzelle platorm publicly states otherwise, bluzelle platorm has financial other rela_onship with, and does not endorse, any such exchange secondary market that elects transact blz. exchanges and secondary markets may new, under-capitalised, illiquid, vola_le, operated persons with minimal relevant experience, and subject minimal regulatory oversight, making use them suscep_ble variety market, financial, fraud, and other risks that could result par_cipants' blz holders' loss blz other losses. price volality. the price blz the token sale may not indica_ve the price blz public markets. blz have intrinsic value the _me they are created. the price blz public markets may extremely vola_le, may decline below the price par_cipant will pay for blz, may diminish zero response various factors, some which are outside bluzelle platorm's control, including, among others, the following: (a) the vola_lity the prices cryptographic tokens generally and response events that have lile nothing with bluzelle platorm; (b) general economic condi_ons and macroeconomic changes; (c) changes and innova_ons blockchain technology, the industry sectors which bluzelle platorm operates, and other technologies and markets; (d) bluzelle platorm's announcements pertaining strategic direc_on, key personnel, financial and opera_onal results, partnerships, significant transac_ons, new products, and other events; (e) ac_vi_es and announcements bluzelle platorm's compe_tors; and (f) third-party reports, recommenda_ons, and statements regarding blz, the applica_on, bluzelle, bluzelle platorm. risk diluon. bluzelle platorm will create and distribute blz other than via the token sale, described pages and this white paper. many cases those other blz will distributed for less considera_on per blz than par_cipant will pay for blz the token sale. the distribu_on those other blz will increase the overall supply blz the market, and may affect well result downward pressure the market price blz. addi_on, bluzelle platorm reserves the right create and distribute new blz one more other token sales. market percepon. the market price blz could adversely affected nega_ve publicity, social media commentary, rumours, and other informa_on, whether not true, about bluzelle platorm, the applica_on, bluzelle, blz, the technology which bluzelle based (including ethereum), and/or the legal regulatory environment which the applica_on bluzelle operates. general economic and market risks. adverse changes general global and regional economic and market condi_ons may adversely affect bluzelle platorm, the suppliers and third par_es which bluzelle platorm depends, and users and prospec_ve users bluzelle, all which may adversely affect the availability, reliability, performance, adop_on, and the success bluzelle. participant risks private key risks. each par_cipant, not bluzelle platorm, responsible for securing the private key that controls their blz. par_cipant does not know their private key, they will permanently lose their blz. their private key lost stolen, they could permanently lose their blz. they store their private key with third party wallet vault service, they will permanently lose their blz they forget and are unable recover their creden_als access the third party service, the third party service malfunc_ons, corrupted compromised, makes their creden_als private key available others, ceases opera_ons, hacked, otherwise cannot make their private key available them loses control their private key. token sale process risks. the process for par_cipa_ng the token sale will described the terms and condi_ons applicable the token sale ("token sale terms") which bluzelle platorm will make available separately from this white paper. par_cipant does not carefully follow that process, they may not able par_cipate the token sale purchase blz, they may permanently lose the funds which they intend submit payment for blz, they may permanently lose blz which they have purchased. the digital wallet which payment for blz will made ("payment address"), like all sotware systems, has security vulnerabili_es. malicious actors may aempt steal funds from the payment address, including hacking it. funds the payment address are also subject loss thet other means. each par_cipant accepts all risk loss thet their payments from the payment address. incompable wallet. the technical requirements for receiving blz will described the token sale terms. par_cipant uses wallet other technology that does not conform those technical requirements, they use third party service whose wallet other technology does not conform those technical requirements, their blz may permanently lost. uninsured losses. blz are not insured bluzelle platorm any public agency, and there ins_tu_on supervising and controlling the economy for cryptographic tokens. par_cipant's blz holder's blz are lost stolen, they will have recourse unless they insure them their expense. bluzelle platorm cannot issue new subs_tute blz replace lost stolen blz.