boatpilot white paper boatpilot (tm) white paper table contents table contents caution concerning forward looking statements abstract boatpilot the marine navigation market shortcomings current marine navigation systems boatpilot solution how does boatpilot work? release and distribution navy tokens project's functionality and composition based the volume funds raised token distribution during the tge using navy tokens and token economics using tokens token economics ways purchase navy roadmap current state project development plan international yachting market europe international market regional composition the electronic marine cartography market major players and competitors business model comparison team founders and developers advisers partners links boatpilot (tm) white paper caution concerning forward looking statements our public communications, including this white paper, may contain "forward-looking statements" that is, statements related future, not past, events. this context, forward-looking statements often address our expected future business and financial performance, and often contain words such "expect," "anticipate," "intend," "plan," "believe," "seek," "see," "will," "would," "estimate," "forecast." these forward-looking statements may include projections and estimates concerning the timing and success strategies, plans intentions. have based these forward-looking statements our current expectations and assumptions about future events. while consider these expectations and assumptions reasonable, they are inherently subject significant business, economic, competitive, regulatory and other risks, contingencies and uncertainties, most which are difficult predict and many which are beyond our control and could cause actual results differ materially from any future results, performance achievements expressed implied these forward-looking statements. readers should not place undue reliance our forward-looking statements. undertake obligation update any forward-looking statements conform actual results changes our expectations, unless required applicable law. boatpilot (tm) white paper abstract boatpilot the first, free integrated marine navigation service with augmented reality capabilities for private and commercial yachting markets. precise navigation information boatpilot allows yachtsmen easily track marine routes and access the most relevant information coastal objects; including charts, navigation signs, reference data, maritime laws and regulations specific region. the cloud-based infrastructure allows boatpilot users add and update the existing database and generate relevant content, which checked and supported other members the yachting community. this structure leads creating the most complete and precise navigation information database the world. addition general information about coastal objects and services, boatpilot also includes professional comments, photos, and sketches. augmented reality function boatpilot supports augmented reality (ar) function, which allows the skipper use glasses see all necessary data incorporated into actual surroundings, and avoid distractions the traditional dash. this feature especially useful during poor visibility conditions, night. free users boatpilot completely free all end users. unlike most existing marine navigation systems the market, our product uniquely developed for private yachtsmen and small yachting businesses. not updated, reworked, version military large commercial navigation systems. boatpilot (tm) white paper advertising boatpilot more than just marine navigation tool, although navigation definitely its main feature. boatpilot marketplace that provides businesses any size from large brands small seaside restaurants effective and convenient access the international yachting market, which estimated reach billion best all, boatpilot advertising works even when the user has internet access. boatpilot essentially google maps and tripadvisor one program, with other product like the world. boatpilot not abstract concept. existing and functioning product. late the service was released android. plan to: *become the world's leading marine navigation solution for mobile devices (phones (phonesand andtablets), tablets),and andbuilt-in built-innavigation navigationsystems systemsproduced producedbybyequipment equipment manufacturers; manufacturers; *provide the yachting industry convenient and fully functional platform advertise products and services ainmarket estimated worth over advertise products and services market estimated worth over $billion billion annually. annually. http://www.strategyr.com/marketresearch/yacht_yachting_industry_market_trends.asp boatpilot (tm) white paper boatpilot the marine navigation market shortcomings current marine navigation systems private yachting has grown steadily over the last years. yet there has been concerted effort develop navigation product aimed specifically private yachtsmen. there are handful marine navigation systems that are popular among users navionics and maxsea for example but they lack mobile device component. the original systems, created largely for use military and commercial fleets, were quickly modified fit the needs the civilian yachting industry. such "adapted" versions contain unnecessary information, lack user-friendly interface, and often not relay practical information nearby marinas, fueling stations, services, and restaurants. the systems available today have two fundamental shortcomings. first, current marine navigation systems not fully address the unique needs the largest fleet the world private yachtsmen, and small yachting charter companies. boatpilot (tm) white paper second, and closely related the first, the current systems not feature regular updates seaports and other known large objects. result, outdated information slow reach users. below outline typical marine chart updates: national hydrographic agency chart aggregator (only the world) software developer navigation system manufacturer annual semi-annual updates physical data carrier (for built-in systems), rare and sporadic updates for mobile devices this process results untimely delivery, complete loss, crucial information. sometimes takes years for objects added, changed moved. for example, the mediterranean region alone there are dozens known marinas and lighthouses that are not included any the navigation systems currently available. boatpilot (tm) white paper the biggest issue there are countless built-in onboard systems that are not compatible with each other. many require users install branded navigation software that are simply modification similar program. manufacturers also introduce small changes their products, making them incompatible with competitor systems. this divides the yachting community into various system users, and inhibits communication and exchange important navigation information. result, skippers find themselves tied specific onboard navigation brand, despite the fact that most the available software actually operates the universal navigation standard for all marine electronics communication nmea. summarizing the above-mentioned, skippers and yachtsmen encounter issues due lack currently available systems designed specifically for the needs the largest fleet the world the private and charter yachting sectors. existing navigation solutions migrated from professional platforms the military and commercial fleets, and not support many functions important for the private and charter users, nor they offer options deliver relevant updates quickly. additionally, each user tied specific navigation brand and limited that brand's functionality, with efficient way exchange information with other users. turn, hardware manufacturers not have opportunity choose between different software options because the market controlled two three companies, with universal solutions currently available. this day, the most precise sources information are considered paper maps catalogues, which are manually updated every season. believe this situation biased, and intend change the near future. boatpilot (tm) white paper boatpilot solution boatpilot was developed specifically for the private yachting sector. unlike other marine navigation solutions, which receive chart information from existing database, boatpilot allows users send updated information the server. each boatpilot user can update existing charts and create new ones. the more users participate and sail, the more exact boatpilot's database becomes. fact, boatpilot testing revealed that our program provides more precise information than other marine navigation systems that have been the market for years. for example, boatpilot's program includes recently updated information more than geo-locations the mediterranean, that are not included with competitor systems. detailed information about the technical aspects boatpilot can found here. boatpilot (tm) white paper how does boatpilot work? boatpilot consists three components hardware and software: boatpilot navigation pocket skipper service app boatgod hardware module developed collect data from onboard systems boatpilot combines navigation functions, while pocket skipper supports all additional services, such brokerage (listing vessels for sale rent, based specific parameters), marina rental, sailing companion search and tour proposals, and other capabilities discussed greater detail later this report. while boatpilot and pocket skipper are the software components, boatgod the hardware side the project. this module connects directly the onboard system any vessel, collects marine data, and transfers via wi-fi. boatgod enables precise collection data, which then used update marine navigation charts. boatpilot based unique software components described detail below. each component will function part our system, and can used ready-made solution other marine navigation manufacturers and marine chart aggregators. *vector geo-navigation information optimization module can used mobile devices with limited computing capabilities and devices with limited computing capabilities andstorage storagespace. space.the themodule modulecan canbe used within cluster. used within cluster. *high-load cloud server platform for collaborative work gridding, with arbitrary data structure and geo-data ranking and indexing functions. arbitrary data structure and geo-data ranking and indexing functions. *cloud server platform for real-time collection and visualization main marine indicators (coordinates, speeds, and routes)ofofvessels vesselsequipped equippedwith withgeo-location geo-location indicators (coordinates, speeds, and routes) gpsand andglonass glonass devices, devices, asas well well asas server server forfor storing storing and and gps cloud-synchronizing data. cloud-synchronizing thisthis data. boatpilot (tm) white paper *innovative wireless hardware module boatgod for ios and android platforms designed work with vessel's onboard systems basedononthethenmea nmeastandard, standard, designed work with thethe vessel's onboard systems based which allows receiving information from vessel's devicesand, and,if ifnecessary, necessary, which allows receiving information from allall thethe vessel's devices controlling them. boatgod alsocapable capableofofaggregating aggregatinggeo-information geo-informationfrom from controlling them. boatgod also various systems, vessel's sonar, compile updated charts. various systems, likelike thethe vessel's sonar, compile updated charts. *augmented reality navigation system, which allows the skipper avoid distractions dash, well receivetips tipsononwaterways, waterways,trajectory, trajectory,danger danger distractions thethe dash, asas well asasreceive signs, radio-channels, especially important while navigating night signs, radio-channels, etc.etc. thisthis especially important while navigating night inor weather bad weather conditions. bad conditions. currently, there are direct analogues competing integrated solutions the market. innovations that will used our project will affect not only the end-users marine navigation systems, but also navigation equipment manufacturers. see more details the yellow paper. boatpilot (tm) white paper release and distribution navy tokens july the fully functional boatpilot was released google play assess demand for this product among yachtsmen and skippers. our goal was gain insight and determine boatpilot's potential occupy large portion the marine navigation marketplace. over users have downloaded android version boatpilot since its release, with substantial marketing efforts. boatpilot maintains stable user base that includes thousands yachtsmen around the mediterranean. during the record-breaking season, boatpilot navigated over yachts. considering that average yacht costs approximately $,, can assume that we've been trusted with over billion property our current users. our research insights, and android application test results, clearly establish market demand for boatpilot. addition constructive comments, our team secured boatpilot's first contracts with charter and service agencies. raise funds for boatpilot's future development, are launching token generation event (tge), offer navy tokens the general public. the financial model, which you can review here, assumes two possible courses development and functionalities boatpilot. both are based the amount funds raised through the tge: soft cap $,, hard cap $,, boatpilot (tm) white paper project's functionality and composition based the volume funds raised soft cap $,, composition/functionality hard cap $,, marine navigation for ios and android region: europe north and south america asia pacific pocket skipper app for booking marinas, yachts, etc. region: europe north and south america asia pacific support boatgod module for corporate clients (data collection from onboard systems) boatgod for private clients (navigation systems control via mobile device) boatpilot (tm) white paper the tge will launched two stages closed pre-sale and open main sale. during the pre-sale stage, boatpilot will engage with private investors (friends family), funds and large market players. the minimum amount navy tokens purchased during the pre-sale stage (equivalent eth, btc, bch, ltc). there are provisions for bonuses reaching tokens purchased, and will discussed individual basis. the second stage the tge will open the public (with restrictions certain jurisdictions) anyone from cryptocurrency enthusiasts, yachting professionals welcome participate. the pre-sale will begin january and last until march the main sale will begin april and last until april you can read all the details about the pre-sale and the main sale our token sale policy. during navy token emission, will use fairly standard distribution conditions which are currently engaged many tges. *the major portion tokens released will used ensure further financing boatpilot development, geo-data collection, marketing, promotion, boatpilot development, geo-data collection, marketing, promotion, etc.etc. *bonus tokens for early investors will also released. for example, bonus added the batch tokens (more details below). willwill bebe added the firstfirst batch tokens (more details onon thisthis below). portion the tokens will reserved for project founders and team members, and will only available after full release boatpilot ios and android well full chart coverage the mediterranean region. *.% the tokens emitted will reserved for the first payments all boatpilot users who send their geo-data. you can see detailed geo-data mining map and how receive your reward tokens under the using navy tokens section. the main sale will held the united state under rule (c) regulation the securities and exchange act navy tokens will available for purchase the united states accredited investors only. boatpilot (tm) white paper *finally, ensure successful tge launch, number tokens will allocated and distributed among advisers. those all those helped promote forfor and distributed among ourour advisers. wellwell all whowho helped promote the theand tgesecure and secure relevant coverage. tge relevant mediamedia coverage. token distribution during the tge the tge open stage includes bonus structure that will offered the first purchasers navy tokens. the earlier tokens are purchased, the greater the bonus. boatpilot (tm) white paper the soft cap not reached during the tge, all investments made will returned. the tge will end automatically when the hard cap reached. likely that the funds raised during the entire tge will the range between the soft and hard caps, which case our team will everything possible develop the functionalities outlined under the hard cap goal. soon the final amount funds raised available, detailed action plan will issued via press release. boatpilot aims ensure complete transparency and accuracy its approach all investments made during the tge, and later development stages. boatpilot (tm) white paper using navy tokens and token economics using tokens marine charts need updated most frequently and are the basis our project. boatpilot updates all current charts utilizing the geo-data that sent those users who have the boatgod module installed their vessels. all the updated geo-data stored special intermediary storage called the geo-pool. will use navy tokens reward all people who send their geo-data the more data users send us, the more tokens they will receive. understand clearly, you can think about navy token mining you sail around the world collecting geo-data, and get rewarded with navy. this win-win situation the project constantly receives updated navigation data, yachtsmen-miners get our tokens, while all other users get access most date navigation information. the size the navy rewards will determined dynamically and published our sites: www.boatpilot.me and www.boatpilot.io. our team has allocated special navy fund start the geo-data mining program (project ecosystem the entire emission). this will enough start with, but anticipate that the reserve will spent quite fast. after the fund depleted, will start the second stage the program buying out navy tokens from exchanges. the project architecture set such way that will not able use the geo-data received from users until send them the tokens they deserve. since data the key and most valuable part the project, are highly interested being able use the geo-data collected our users. this why will continue buy out the tokens only this way can reward boatpilot community for its data. plan list navy tokens multiple exchanges. promises can made when exactly will happen. soon have agreement with exchange, will post the news our website and issue press-release. boatpilot (tm) white paper using navi tokens within the project when users register, they include their ethereum wallet address where the mined tokens will send days after the user clicks "redeem navy". boatpilot (tm) white paper token economics the more actively the tokens are used within the project, the greater the potential for navy rate growth. boatpilot has very simple growth model: commit invest all boatpilot marketing profits buy out navy tokens from cryptocurrency exchanges. part the bought out tokens (%) will burned, while the other part will used within the project ecosystem and reward navi miners for their geo-data. this means that will buy out tokens from exchanges proportion the company's growth; will sign more contracts with charter companies that install boatgod their vessels, and cover more regions order get more mined geo-data, return raising the number navy bought out from exchanges. this will ensure the constant demand for our token and raise its price. additionally, will burn between quarter and third bought out tokens order lower the circulating volume navy tokens, raising the demand and navy market price. boatpilot (tm) white paper ways receive the tokens you can get navy tokens doing one the following: *purchase navy during the token generation event. during the early stages the tge you can receive the most bonus tokens %). the main sale will held april april and will offer bonus *geo-mine navy. order this you will need install boatgod your vessel rent vessel with installed boatgod modile and share your geo-data. the more geo-data receive, the more navy tokens you will get. *purchase navy cryptocurrency exchanges that agree list navy (as soon have agreement with exchange, will post the news our website and issue press-release). the project moves forwards, you will able see regularly updated list exchanges www.boatpilot.io and www.boatpilot.me. boatpilot (tm) white paper roadmap current state following more than two years active work boatpilot, our results include: *over downloads boatpilot google play. *the fastest growing audience the yachting industry. *highly targeted audience with unique parameters that are available advertisers. parameters vary from typeofofvessel, vessel,totonumber numberofofmiles milessailed, sailed,and and advertisers. parameters vary from thethe type include current geographical location. include current geographical location. *signed agreements with several charter and service companies. *exclusive rights book over vessels europe from over participating companies. participating companies. *world's first, free marine navigation program with highly developed functions and regular, timely updates. and regular, timely updates. *full coverage the mediterranean with the most precise database, with nearly twice asas many marinas listed twice many marinas listedininboatpilot boatpilotthan thanininother othermarine marinenavigation navigationprograms programs versus ).,). versus this region amounts electronic cartography market based marketsandmarkets(tm) research. boatpilot (tm) white paper project development plan soft cap quarter open physical office location and form sales department europe quarter release the final version boatpilot app store quarter release pocket skipper for europe app store and google play quarter begin boatgod module delivery corporate clients europe quarter develop boatpilot boxed alpha-version (protected smart-tablet and boatgod module) boatpilot (tm) white paper hard cap quarter release charts for north and south america quarter open physical office location and form sales department the americas quarter release the boatgod module for private client quarter release pocket skipper for the americas app store and google play quarter update european regional charts with detailed depth information quarter release boatpilot boxed version boatpilot (tm) white paper quarter develop alpha-version supported boatpilot quarter begin licensed sales third parties for boatpilot chart usage quarter release charts for the asia pacific region quarter open physical office location and form sales department asia pacific quarter release pocket skipper for asia pacific app store and google play quarter release final version supported boatpilot quarter nd-th quarters update regional charts with detailed depth information for the americas possible boatpilot initial public offering boatpilot (tm) white paper international yachting market europe boatpilot was first released europe. according marketsandmarkets, the current european yachting charter business valued billion, and estimated increase billion boatpilot received rights book over yachts from more than operators europe since may making our project one the leading players this segment. unless noted otherwise, here and further information quoted from electronic cartography market. application (marine commercial and defense, aviation commercial and defense), components (systems, charts), marine electronic navigation systems (ecdis, ecs), aviation electronic navigation systems (very large aircrafts, wide body aircrafts, narrow body aircrafts), marine electronic charts licensing mode (pays, direct), geography (apac, europe, north america, south america, middle east and africa). forecast and analysis, boatpilot (tm) white paper currently, the european yachting market exceeds billion, with the share commercial marine cartography europe being approximately million projected that the marine cartography segment will reach million. the other hand, the total volume the european yachting advertising market estimated million the year don't forget that boatpilot also powerful advertising platform with very targeted and affluent audience. plan to: *secure the electronic cartography marine market due chart licensing *secure the advertising market due geo-targeted advertisement sales international market boatpilot (tm) white paper valued billion with active target audience million yachtsmen, the americas and asia pacific are two largest yachting regions outside europe. while the entire international electronic cartography market grows rate annually, the fastest growing sub-regions are asia (cagr .%) and latin america (cagr .%). between and the international electronic cartography market has enjoyed steady growth rate, and according marketsandmarkets(tm) will amount million the year (.% cagr for years). the main growth drivers the international commercial marine electronic cartography market are: *increased demand for transport vessels *regulations the international maritime organization (imo), which directly oblige yacht owners update equipment and charts aintimely manner oblige yacht owners update equipment and charts timely manner *the need for high-precision charts and their regular updating bringing marine charts the standards popular auto-navigators charts the standards popular auto-navigators the event that the tge reaches the hard cap goal, within the first three years plan not only fully cover the european yachting market, but enter and support the markets the americas and asia pacific. fully covering the market means: *availability updated charts with onshore objects *presence advertising sales office for large brands *active sales geo-targeted advertising *release pocket skipper version with regional support (yacht rental, marina booking, etc.) booking, etc.) boatpilot (tm) white paper regional composition the electronic marine cartography market according marketsandmarkets(tm) forecasts, the year asia pacific will take the largest share (%) the cartography marine market and will grow the highest rate between and monetary terms, this increase from million million such steady growth can explained the overall high rate economic development the region. boatpilot (tm) white paper the north american market will show more modest growth rate .%, and will amount million the year tthe main growth driver this region will the increase the use the panama canal and overall marine traffic. the european market will grow from million million (cagr .%). europe has the most favorable conditions for the development navigation and cartography technologies, due the fact that almost its foreign trade carried out sea. boatpilot (tm) white paper major players and competitors being that the marine cartography market controlled only eight companies, can easily considered oligopoly. the three key players are jeppesen (%), transas marine (%), and navionics (%). boatpilot (tm) white paper jeppesen providing integrated solutions the field marine navigation, jeppesen major player the marine cartography market. this company releases charts for chartplotters, mobile devices and navigators; and has its own marine alarms center, weather forecast, and aviation navigation solutions. not long ago jeppesen entered into long-term partnership with the aircraft manufacturer eclipse aerospace and the flynas saudi arabia airline. additionally, member alliance that includes the non-profit organization the aircraft owners and pilots association. transas marine this market player part the transas group one the leaders the field marine software and equipment. transas marine produces onboard systems for vessels, marine charts and information services, training programs, well traffic monitoring systems for ports and shipyards. navionics having the large client database and marine charts database, well its own chartplotter software solutions, this market leader was bought out garmin ltd. late october navionics regularly updates its databases, allowing users download them for additional cost. boatpilot (tm) white paper business model comparison boatpilot app functions online, well offline when internet connection unavailable charts are based nreal data that updated users navionics isailor charts are loaded and updated automatically when the app started. can used offline. works with previously loaded charts only. user routes can saved. gps-positioning. navigation using on-board gps module. users can view weather forecast while offline. charts are constantly updated using data from onboard systems, and can then edited added users. users can suggest updates and additions. users can add objects charts but cannot edit existing objects. completely free. app costs between and depending options. basic app free, but charts and main functions cost varies between and boatgod module collects data from onboard systems and can used control them, necessary integration option with onboard systems. despite the fact that the company produces onboard systems, they cannot integrated with the navigation software. cost use integrating with onboard systems boatpilot (tm) white paper team founders and developers artem borodin (ceo) foreign exchange markets senior analyst and department assistant director the brokerage house currencies managers llc, artem was responsible for development and implementation sales strategies, well all client communication with potential private and corporate clients for period three years. senior analyst and senior customer service associate the panama consulting company. carried out business optimization processes for such companies ups and verizon, integrating all company sub-divisions and branches improve customer experience and lower company expenses. after moving panama, artem was fascinated yachting, which became his hobby and passion. his extensive experience business management and love for sailing make him the perfect ceo for boatpilot. andrey domaratsky (founder, cmo) andrey has been professionally investing into projects since became one the co-founders and marketing director the yachting charter company corsair adventures. from present co-owner game garden and has been holding the position marketing director the company mobile app developer, with the total number installations more than million. game garden, andrey responsible, among other things, for traffic acquisition and analytics. sailed over thousand miles around the mediterranean region. boatpilot (tm) white paper dmitry donskoy (founder, coo) since co-founder, co-owner and director the charter companies corsair adventures and north sails montenegro. from director simcon company specializing offshore programming. yachtsman since dmitry covered more than thousand miles skipper the mediterranean and the atlantic. for the last five years has been the director the montenegro-based investment company simeon. dmitry has extensive experience investments various types yachting companies (service and exploitation), which has made him expert this area and given him clear understanding the state affairs the market marine navigation, including its shortcomings and user needs. this gave dmitry the opportunity the intersection and marine navigation theory, allowing him clearly understand both yachtsmen navigation requirements and the needs yacht-related businesses convenient and effective advertising tools. vladimir abramov (cto) since software developer creative technologies developer well-known solutions for e-commerce x-cart, ecwid. sailor since vladimir the author the nmea synchronization modules for gofree products. since worked for integrator company engaged development individual navigation solutions based the simrad simnet hardware components. had the opportunity thoroughly examine nmea protocols and their proprietary branches (simnet and others). passion for yachting gave him deep understanding all user requirements for marine navigation systems. boatpilot (tm) white paper yury cherepovsky (head mobile development) after graduating from the orlov state university with degree engineering, yury began his career and programming starting has been professionally developing mobile apps and software the technical producer and localization programmer for snowball. began working the programmer and studio lead for akella. team lead for the development the mystery the third planet game, well dozens other popular mobile and computer games. began working the lead programmer for combats.ru (widely known fight club), later moving become cto the company. having worked lead programmer for bolid between and received extensive experience with microcontrollers and low-level programming. from present head mobile development game garden. heavily participated the development mobile games fairy farm, pet heroes: puzzle adventure, family town, tales windspell, and others. cecile marcy dimitrijevic (pr, customer and partner support) professionally engaged yachting since cecil the co-owner yachting charter and merchant companies. resident porto montenegro full service marina located the bay kotor. being french native and fluent four other languages, she's representative the largest yachting brands the adriatic region (hanse yachts, simrad, volvo penta). co-owner one the leading yacht service companies the region, cecile well versed all the peculiarities the yachting industry, and the needs both businesses and end clients. has wide range contacts the industry, and for several years supported all communication the boatpilot team with key market players. boatpilot (tm) white paper ivan varat (business development manager) specialist the field communication and client services, ivan daily connects with boatpilot existing and potential advertisers, ensuring that all their marketing needs within the platform are met. having graduated from the zagreb school economics and management, ivan has fifteen years experience customer relationship management, marketing, and pr. croatian native, he's fluent english and spanish. team advisers julie plavnik (chief business development officer) after graduating from moscow state university holding masters commercial law, julie went further her education advanced training course "blockchain project development" the higher school economics. co-founder aktivo.ru the first russian online crowdfunding platform for commercial real estate investment. co-founder one the first blockchain popularization platforms russia international blockchain consulting group (ibcg). the moment ibcg major international conference and meet-up organizers devoted blockchain projects. currently, julie active asset tokenization adviser several projects. boatpilot (tm) white paper yury pomortsev (chief project officer, expert development) after graduating from bauman moscow state technical university with degree information technology and systems administration, yury tested his hand journalism working for several leading russian gaming publications. became publisher the gameland media company (magazines game land, computer gaming world re, games, etc). organized two gameland award ceremonies the field computer and video gaming. co-producer several mtv russia and gameland gaming programs, including video games icon, virtuality, teleport, scarily interesting, without screw. founded game garden, llc. well-known international mobile game developer and publisher. more than games were developed and released with yury's direct participation. many these games have become international successes, including fairy farm, farmdale, pet heroes: puzzle adventure, fairy kingdom and others. repeatedly participated invited expert radio and television industry shows, and active member the jury the game developers conference russia. boatpilot (tm) white paper andrew rippon (independent blockchain consultant) andrew rippon has been involved crypto currencies since when authored early work crypto fiat exchanges. today independent blockchain consultant, having recently been the blockchain lead nxn, developing technology the intersection crypto currencies and the underlying utility blockchain. andrew also involved startups within the space, having advised several technology development, hardening and governance. recently andrew has been advisor for goal bonanza, fiduxa, eggs and several other icos. boatpilot (tm) white paper partners late we've signed agreements with array international companies and regional representatives, and will provide full list partners january via respective press release. plan sign several additional agreements during two industry shows- boot dusseldorf and dubai international boat show. boatpilot (tm) white paper links attention! unfortunately, several cases fraud are known have taken place during token generation events. order protect our users and partners, publish the below list official sources, where you can find reliable and true information the project. other source claiming possess knowledge the project indorsed our team. have not authorized anyone discuss the project our behalf discuss investment the project. you can also use the channels below ask any questions show your concerns. tge official site: www.boatpilot.io boatpilot official site: www.boatpilot.me github smart contract: https://github.com/boatpilotnavi/tge facebook: https://www.facebook.com/boatpilot.io twitter: https://twitter.com/boatpilot_io linkedin: https://www.linkedin.com/company// telegram: *main channel: https://t.me/boatpilot *project updates only: https://t.me/boatpilot_updates instagram: https://www.instagram.com/boatpilotme/ youtube: https://www.youtube.com/channel/ucschafcnqxfxgtndpdg reddit: https://www.reddit.com/r/boatpilot/ bitcointalk: https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=.