bodhi: decentralized predictive market scale white paper version xiahong lin* bodhi foundation ltd. draft for open community review and subject change. notice nothing this whitepaper constitutes legal, financial, business tax advice and you should consult your own legal, financial, tax other professional adviser before engaging any activity connection herewith. neither bodhi foundation ltd. (the foundation), any the project team members who have worked the bodhi platform project any way whatsoever (the bodhi team) nor any third party service provider shall liable for any kind direct indirect damage loss whatsoever which you may suffer connection with accessing this whitepaper, materials produced the foundation, accessing the website https://www.bodhi.network/ any other materials published the foundation. all contributions will applied towards the foundation's objects, including without limitation promoting and supporting research, design and development of, and advocacy for decentralised cryptographic blockchain solutions build transparent, free and reliable prediction markets, and influencing prediction markets through global engagement. this whitepaper intended for general informational purposes only and does not constitute prospectus, offer document, offer securities solicitation for investment. the information herein below may not exhaustive and does not imply any elements contractual relationship. there assurance the accuracy completeness such information and representation, warranty undertaking purported provided the accuracy completeness such information. where this whitepaper includes information that has been obtained from third party sources, the foundation and/or the bodhi team have not independently verified the accuracy completion such information. there assurance the accuracy completeness such information and representation, warranty undertaking purported provided the accuracy completeness such information. this whitepaper does not constitute any offer the foundation the bodhi team sell any bot (as defined herein) nor shall any part nor the fact its presentation form the basis of, relied upon connection with, any contract investment decision. nothing contained this whitepaper may relied upon promise, representation undertaking the future performance the platform. the agreement between the foundation (or its affiliate) and you, relation any sale and purchase bot governed only the separate terms and conditions such agreement. the foundation and the bodhi team not and not purport make, and hereby disclaims, all representations, warranties undertaking any entity person. prospective purchasers bot should carefully consider and evaluate all risks and uncertainties (including financial and legal risks and uncertainties) associated with the bot token sale, the foundation and the bodhi team. accessing this whitepaper any part thereof, you represent and warrant the foundation and the bodhi team follows: (a) you acknowledge, understand and agree that bot may have value, there guarantee representation value liquidity for bot, and bot not for speculative investment; (b) any decision purchase any bot, you have not relied any statement set out this whitepaper; (c) you will and shall your own expense ensure compliance with all laws, regulatory requirements and restrictions applicable you (as the case may be); and (d) you acknowledge, understand and agree that you are not eligible purchase any bot you are citizen, resident green card holder the united states america citizen resident the people's republic china. the agreement for purchase and sale bot shall governed separate token purchase agreement with the terms and conditions such agreement (the token purchase agreement), which shall made available https://www.bodhi.network/ prior the sale any bot. the event any inconsistencies between the token purchase agreement and this whitepaper, the token purchase agreement shall prevail. all statements contained this whitepaper, statements made press releases any place accessible the public and oral statements that may made the foundation and/or the bodhi team may constitute forward looking statements (including statements regarding intent, belief current expectations with respect market conditions, business strategy and plans, financial condition, specific provisions and risk management practices). you are cautioned not place undue reliance these forward looking statements given that these statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause the actual future results materially different from that described such forward looking statements. these forwardlooking statements are applicable only the date this whitepaper and the foundation and the bodhi team expressly disclaims any responsibility (whether express implied) release any revisions these forward-looking statements reflect events after such date. this whitepaper may translated into language other than english and the event conflict ambiguity between the english language version and translated versions this whitepaper, the english language version shall prevail. you acknowledge that you have read and understood the english language version this whitepaper. part this whitepaper copied, reproduced, distributed disseminated any way without the prior written consent the foundation. abstract this paper, introduce bodhi, the next generation blockchain based platform that decentralizes the prediction market. bodhi leverages the advantages the state-of-the-art decentralized prediction markets integrating third-party oracles and voting based decentralized oracles via its oracle abstraction layer. intend develop novel replaceable oracle framework where the prediction market more effective and autonomous. bodhi will deployed qtum the initial launch. keywords bodhi, prediction market, smart contract, qtum, ethereum ntroduction humanity has developed strong interests towards understanding history and predicting the future. what will the weather like tomorrow? which soccer team will win the uefa european championship later this year? apple stock going below usd per share the first weekday next year? people attempt predict the results simple yet non-trivial questions. the desire predict what happens next has generated conventional prediction markets which are heavily regulated, such lottery systems and stock markets, well illegally operated underground casinos and insider trading. excessive regulation and legislation, implemented large monetary costs, greatly limit the prediction market from performing its market functions. meanwhile, conventional prediction markets have been heavily depending centralized oracles who set all prediction results and their fairness and charge large amount money. the high cost these oracles has significantly lowered the users' willingness participate and prevented the prediction markets from large scale adoption. prediction markets are platforms that allows individuals group entities predict the outcomes future events, and incentivised from the results. incentives will redistributed upon the realization outcomes event which all parties participated. the fortune redistribution follows simple yet powerful rule, that the fortune flows from less skillful and inaccurate participants more skillful and accurate participants. order succeed the prediction, participants aggressively gather information, and apply mathematical modeling maximize the chance prediction accurately. statistically, the price associated with each outcome has high positive correlation with each outcome. meanwhile, the accuracy the prediction largely determined the number participants. starting from the very beginning information revolution, people has been devoted making online prediction markets minimize the onboarding barrier for participating prediction. however, centralized online products have yet earn people's trust while excessive regulation and legal restrictions also greatly limits the development the prediction market. with the deluge the continuous development blockchain technologies, there increasing trust within communities enabling public blockchain oracle that fair and decentralized. blockchain technology perfect candidate form the building block prediction market due its characteristics such information transparency and data immutability. the fairness blockchain makes the prediction market run low-to-no administrative cost. the application smart contract empowers blockchain with programmable and dynamic decision-making capability. all the above emerging phenomenon resulted the creation decentralized prediction market. bodhi's mission build credible, autonomous, and scalable decentralized prediction market that promotes the application prediction market global scale enhance the effectiveness decision-making process []. ii. elated ork augur blockchain based decentralized prediction market. user can create prediction event using ethereum's smart contract, followed other users' predicting and pricing the probability each outcome through native tokens. when the event eventually happens, augur rep holders report augur the right prediction result. the rep holders are the building blocks augur platform, where these holders maintain the platform and constitute the arbitration mechanism. however, the augur platform scales, fully decentralized arbitration mechanism becomes less efficient. when large group prediction events have been created, increasingly challenging for rep holders vote for all events. rep holders might also have different domain expertise and have been exposed events different comfort levels. the matchmaking process between event and event-specific expertise has yet improved. moreover, problems such high time-cost and low efficiency associated with rep holders result longer cycle reach consensus the end prediction event. similar augur, gnosis another common blockchain based decentralized prediction market that utilizes ethereum's smart contract for event creation and prediction. unlike augur, gnosis leverages default centralized oracle for judging prediction results. the advantage using such centralized oracle solution that prediction judgment can performed autonomously and therefore significantly increases the judgment efficiency. however, centralized oracle solution can cause single point failure the events of, eg., server failure, and data being maliciously tampered. when any such events occurs, all predictions will locked and the credibility gnosis platform will decreased. bodhi the next generation blockchain based platform that decentralizes the prediction market overcoming the disadvantage both augur and gnosis. contrast augur, bodhi uses third-party oracle automatically judge the prediction results guarantee the efficiency the decision making process. different from gnosis' centralized oracle solution, bodhi enables bot holders take over the voting process and make the final decision prediction event the event oracle failure. iii. odhi overview bodhi, the next generation blockchain based prediction market, leverages the advantages the state-of-the-art decentralized prediction markets integrating third-party oracles and voting based decentralized oracles via its oracle abstraction layer. introduce novel replaceable oracle framework that the prediction market more effective and autonomous. bodhi will first deployed the qtum []. more users around the world are accessing the internet from mobile devices rather than from desktop computers, mobile computing will increasingly important prediction markets. qtum combines the advantages bitcoin and ethereum provide better user experience mobile devices. event forecast very timesensitive matter, but smart contract can only rely the number blocks estimate the time. however, ethereum has yet implement the proof stake (pos). the difficulty bomb ethereum's current proof work (pow) starts take effect, the block time increasing exponentially, shown table which greatly affects the estimated time the forecast. qtum, which different from ethereum, will ensure the stability the block time introducing pos the beginning its release. bodhi will first deployed onto qtum avoid existing problems with ethereum. however, the user base grows, not eliminate the possibility roll out bodhi onto other public blockchains. block number time block time table effectiveness ifficulty omb affects lock ime bodhi uses third-party oracle automatically judge prediction results guarantee the efficiency the decision-making process. bot holders can take over the voting process and make the final decision for prediction event oracle fails. algorithm shows how bodhi works. you can see, bodhi's oracle replaceable. consensus cannot obtained through arbitration, users can continue make deposits request the next iteration arbitration. the number rounds increases, more token deposits get accumulated and bot holders are more motivated maintain the accuracy the bodhi platform protect their token value. theoretically, arbitration result will converge accurate state. bodhi leverages the advantages the state- of-the-art decentralized prediction markets integrating third-party oracles and voting based decentralized oracle via oracle abstraction layer. this method combines the advantages existing decentralized prediction market. algorithm bodhi algorithm user creates prediction event bodhi users predict and price the probability each outcome when future specified time arrives, oracle automatically polls the event result from outside and determines the prediction result. agreement alse while agreement rue publish decision prediction market for hours consensus made oracle valid then agreement rue users who predict correctly get back original tokens and incentive else agreement alse users deposit request next iteration arbitration end end while user creates prediction event bodhi users bet the prediction event oracle determines prediction result arbitration request for arbitration? bot holders' voting results replace the old oracle with the new one that voted bot holders consensus finished figure bodhi platform operation diagram iv. odhi rediction arket ricing bodhi committed creating free-to-participate, low-cost prediction market. bodhi, oracles serve judges and bot holders are maintainers. incentive (service fee) provided the oracles the platform motivate more oracles provide credible and stable services for bodhi. equation shows how the rate calculated. let the percentage the service fee payable oracles and the percentage the transaction fee payable the platform. sloss denotes the total loss all parties that failed the prediction and swin denotes all the gains from all users that succeed the prediction. swin sloss and will dynamically determined the future plan create prediction event let all bot holders determine the best fees odhi oken the token for bodhi prediction market called bodhi token (bot). bot will issued during the contract deployment phase, with total million units. order ensure the simplicity and independence platform logic, bodhi does not issue wiz tokens like gnosis. the initial phase when take bodhi online, the bodhi platform will only support bot and qtum. with the rapid evolvement blockchain technology, stable coins and cross-chain technologies are emerging. the near future, bodhi prediction market intended flexible enough allow the use any cryptocurrency (which not security) participate the prediction market. bot represents two main interests: arbitration and compensation. bot holders are entitled initiate arbitration for disputed results prediction events and receive incentives accordingly. before initiating the arbitration, bot holder must lock certain amounts bot deposit. the arbitration result favor the bot holder, the holder entitled receive certain amounts bot compensation from the losing party the arbitration. vote and incentive. bot holders are entitled vote for arbitration results the disputed prediction events and receive rewards accordingly. before voting, bot holders must lock certain amounts bot deposit. bot holder's vote consistent with the arbitration's final result, the bot holder entitled receive certain amounts bot incentive from the losing party the arbitration. addition, bot holders may shut down illegitimate and malicious prediction events through the voting procedure. definition, bot utility token which may only utilized the bodhi platform. ownership bot carries rights, express implied, other than the right use bot means enable usage and interaction with the platform, successfully completed and deployed. bot non-refundable functional utility token, does not any way represent any shareholding, participation, right, title, interest the foundation any other company, enterprise undertaking, nor will bot entitle token holders any promise revenue, fees, profits investment returns. bot not intended constitute securities singapore any relevant jurisdiction. part the operation the prediction markets the bodhi platform, bot will consumed service fee (provided the oracles) transaction fee (paid the bodhi platform). the extent secondary market exchange for trading bot does develop, would run and operated wholly independently the foundation (or its affiliates), the sale bot and the bodhi platform. vi. odhi eview echanism bodhi blockchain based free prediction market. however, free market does not mean that bodhi completely unmonitored platform. intended that the bodhi platform will provide decentralized review mechanism where bot holders can vote eliminate illegal and malicious predictions protect their interests. vii. odhi evelopment imeline bodhi prediction market token ico scheduled near the end qtum testnet deployment bodhi prediction market beta version scheduled around the same time. the mvp, production and premium versions are scheduled deployed onto qtum main net and respectively. figure shows the detailed development schedule for bodhi. figure bodhi development timeline risks you clearly understand that blockchain and virtual currencies tokens, including without limitation ethereum, qtum, bitcoin and bot, are new and unverified technologies that are beyond control the foundation the issuer (as the case may be). the platform and the project are subject the following risks, which you expressly acknowledge and assume: (a) risks associated with the qtum protocol given that bot and the bodhi prediction market platform are based the qtum protocol and architecture, any malfunction, breakdown abandonment the qtum protocol architecture may have material adverse effect bot and/or the bodhi prediction market platform. moreover, advances cryptography, technical advances (including without limitation development quantum computing), could present unknown risks bot and/or the bodhi prediction market platform rendering ineffective the cryptographic consensus mechanism that underpins the qtum protocol. (b) security weaknesses. hackers other malicious groups organizations may attempt interfere with bot and/or the bodhi prediction market platform variety ways. (c) uncertain regulations and enforcement actions the regulatory status bot and/or prediction markets, and distributed ledger technology generally unclear unsettled many jurisdictions. impossible predict how, when whether regulatory agencies may apply existing regulations create new regulations with respect such technology and its applications, including bot and/or the bodhi prediction market platform. regulatory actions could negatively impact bot and/or the bodhi prediction market platform various ways. (d) insufficient interest possible that the bodhi prediction market platform will not used large number individuals, companies and other entities that there will limited public interest the creation and development distributed ecosystems (such the network the platform). such lack use interest could negatively impact the development the bodhi prediction market platform. (e) execution. there the risk that the foundation and the bodhi team may unable execute implement the project set out herein. viii. pplications odhi rediction arket financial tool conventional financial market forecasting tools have limitations such high service costs, professional barrier, poor scalability, limited ability express, lack accuracy, low efficiency, etc. bodhi prediction market overcomes those limitations providing more detailed description economic events, where value and risk assessment can thoroughly made both macro and microeconomic level. therefore, bodhi reduces service costs, removes professional barrier, improves accuracy and efficiency and scales easily. for instance, for simple prediction event what the opening price for apple stock january conventional financial market prediction tools need analyze investment environment, basic corporate information and their finances calculate investment returns, before giving incomprehensive prediction result. using bodhi, however, the prediction result calculated the entire network for better accuracy and efficiency, well lowering the cost. the same mechanism can applied predict other stocks any given time. figure financial tool information management information plays critical role the development society where many decisions are made based accurate and reliable information. order obtain accurate information improve decision-making accuracy, people use variety information retrieval methods, e.g., surveys and paid data. however, these information retrieval methods are considered costly and unscalable. prediction markets can motivate people provide information proactively. professors the university iowa created prediction market where participants can predict the identity the next elected president. since then, the same market has collated predictions for every presidential election with prediction accuracy much higher than the political commentators and the results public polls. bodhi enables prediction markets creation ease. the value flow the blockchain becoming profound foundation for prediction markets. bodhi make prediction result more accurate due its decentralized characteristics and large-scale user engagement. figure information management insurance insurance industry has various effects society through the way that changes who bears the cost losses and damage. traditional insurance industry typically has long and complex claim process due its centralized management. the massive agent model that used drive the business has introduced high operational cost. bodhi's decentralized solution natural fit solve these problems. taking flight insurance example, passengers can predict and price the probability flight delay before boarding. most cases, the flight will time, that the tokens will locked the smart contract the prediction event. should flight delay occur, the oracle will write the flight number the delayed flight the smart contract. the bodhi platform will able automatically process the claim for the passengers who purchased the flight insurance the corresponding flight. the entire process fully automated that human intervention needed. most the fund will used reimburse passengers and the platform only charges small portion transaction fees. figure insurance sports lottery the global online sports lottery huge market with billions dollars regulated market funds. sports lotteries are highly localized where each lottery market operates individually due the difference regulations among the regions. accessibility limited those localized markets where data isolated and fragmented. data isolation and fragmentation have limited the accessibility those localized markets where impossible create new interesting lotteries timely manner. regulation double-edged sword. one hand, data shows that the unregulated lottery market times regulated ones, which makes fraud and illegal operation common regulatory issue the global lottery market. the other hand, centralized service prone hacking, system failure and other uncertainties from service providers. these uncertainties ultimately result high cost creating lottery market and user taxation. further limits the lottery markets from high user engagement and being free markets. the public has associated the lottery markets with speculation, due its high risk profile. bodhi brings innovative way solve these problems. bodhi open platform based blockchain where anyone can transparently involved. users can create prediction events without high transaction fees. this free and open platform will greatly improve market liquidity and thus create objective odds. figure sports lottery conventional prediction markets although conventional prediction markets will still play critical roles and involve decisionmaking processes all market segments, foresee the globalization trends participating and collaborating prediction markets. bodhi committed building the next generation decentralized prediction market platform. the near future, bodhi will co-exist with conventional pre- diction markets and will gradually serve itself infrastructure conventional prediction markets lower the operational cost. bodhi platform provides most not all logic implement prediction markets where creates alternative solutions that allows conventional prediction market operate bodhi's infrastructure. bodhi significantly lowers the system failure rate and operational cost, and enables users enter the market easily. figure conventional prediction markets ix. bot ssuance lan bot distribution bot will issued during the contract deployment phase, with total million units. table and chart show the allocation plan bot. users will get bot through airdrop and exchange. bodhi employees will granted restricted bot upon employment. these bot will eligible vest upon the satisfaction service condition. the service condition vested over four years, with the first vested upon the completion token issuance, second vested the one-year anniversary vesting commencement date and the rest vested monthly thereafter, subject continued employment. vest bot after token issuance vest additional bot one-year cliff. vest bot monthly the next three years table bot llocation bot percentage allocation issued community users development and consulting employee incentives early stage emergency arbitrations locked foundation bug bounty issued community users development and consulting long term development incentives early stage emergency arbitrations locked foundation bug bounty figure bot allocation token sale fund allocation: case bodhi foundation sells some bot, the budget from token sale fund will allocated for the following purposes the foundation, see table iii. the budget covers -year period. fund percentage allocation development consulting legal marketing misc. table iii oken ale und llocation figure development consulting legal marketing miscellaneous token sale fund allocation development: prediction market platform sophisticated system that consists large number subsystems. sufficient funding needs allocated for recruitment, team building, and research and development. consulting: prediction markets involve many areas across different segmentations where domain knowledge needed for carrying out market analysis. will allocate funding for consulting domain experts and corporations. legal: prediction markets are innovation which able disrupt many industries, but also highly-regulated area and therefore legal service needed ensure the regulatory compliance (in particular, the areas gambling and securities law). will allocate funding for general legal advice and emergency legal services. this regard, have instructed specialist counsel singapore from tzedek law llc advise the bot token sale. marketing: branding and marketing operations are important pieces promote bodhi potential customers for growth. will allocate funding for promoting bodhi platform and blockchain industry general. miscellaneous:miscellaneous expenses that exclude all above expenses. ummary bodhi qtum based platform that decentralizes the prediction market and enables free flow valuable information via public wisdom and incentivization. bodhi leverages the advantages the state-of-the-art decentralized prediction markets integrating third-party oracles via its oracle abstraction layer and voting based decentralized oracle mechanism. introduce novel replaceable oracle framework that the prediction market more effectiveness and autonomous. bodhi committed influencing the chinese prediction markets through global engagement. eferences "bodhi," https://www.bodhi.network. "augur," https://augur.net. "ethereum," https://ethereum.org. "gnosis," https://gnosis.pm. "qtum," https://qtum.org.