bolenum white paper february contents background the issue the solution the ico background the creation cryptocurrency was technological revolution. the eight years since, cryptocurrency now accounts for over billion dollars newly created wealth, not mention the massive gains made productivity, security, and combatting the increased centralization power our world. bitcoin was the first cryptocurrency released but was followed myriad others. one these new coins, ether, rose above the rest due its superior design, faster data processing speed, and its diversity uses. ethereum builds off the beauty bitcoin's blockchain with flexible, turing-complete language that supports "smart contracts." ethereum's smart contracts support the creation tokens that can run its blockchain. these tokens can used their own currency with various exchanges, can act similar shares company and can allow for voting rights, provide dividends, perform many other tasks and open massive window opportunity. sadly, cryptocurrency has not been evenly adopted. certain regions, particularly the global south, have not tapped into this opportunity. that the very issue that bolenum aims address. the issue cryptocurrency and blockchain technology have not seen even global adoption. certain regions, such asia, both eastern and western europe, and north america, have seen widespread adoption whereas the rest the global south has not adopted blockchain cryptocurrency the same degree. these regions, and particular the african continent, are missing out the huge opportunity that cryptocurrency presents for wealth building and supporting new and better technologies. there are multiple roadblocks african participation cryptocurrency. the first reason lack publicity and knowledge around cryptocurrency. there less literature written local languages and fewer people are aware this technology. sadly, even for those who are aware difficult get involved. that brings the second issue, frequent difficulty with exchanging local fiat currencies for crypto. many the largest exchanges not accept african fiat currencies and some not even allow registration for citizens many african nations. this lack knowledge and lack access combines form almost insurmountable barrier for many. while some small marketplaces have sprung attempt increase access and allow venue for african fiat traded, they not yet provide the scale level security and convertibility that this market needs fully integrated into the cryptocurrency trading world. this continent needs information and access, large scale and immediately -and that exactly what bolenum aims provide. our solution the bolenum project will provide the first ethereum based token and exchange system that explicitly aimed increasing african participation cryptocurrency. the main aspects this project are the boleno tokens, the innovative and secure exchange system, and flexible wallet system. the boleno token the boleno token bln will serve the currency the bolenum project. these tokens act store value and secured payment instrument for transactions. using the bolenum exchange, they will exchangeable into local african fiat currencies such the naira foreign fiat currencies such the dollar. the boleno tokens will also able traded third party cryptocurrency exchanges well the bolenum exchange. the exchange system the boleno exchange will combine the traditional exchange characteristics with marketplace twist where peer-to-peer trading well peer-to-central fiat funding are available. users will able withdraw boleno into their fiat currencies well buy boleno directly with wider range african fiat currencies than currently offered any exchange. traders are able view order books well historical performance data able make informed trade decisions. boleno tokens will also able traded standard exchanges well. the tokens will added these large exchanges beginning after the conclusion the ico. the wallet system bolenum will provide bolenum wallet that fully compatible with the bolenum exchange and that allows for easy withdrawal and purchase tokens. holders boleno tokens can also use any wallet that supports ethereum erc contracts which allows for flexibility for token holders use whichever service they prefer most. the boleno tokens will all created during the period the ico. the boleno initial coin offering (ico) event will last for days beginning gmt the july fixed total boleno tokens will created and more will created after the end the ico. this number, (,,) will publicly offered during the ico and put circulation. the remaining tokens will held the bolenum team and used capital support our future exchange. those who are interested the bolenum project can get involved purchasing tokens early, during our initial coin offering ico that will begin july. bolenum aims provide access cryptocurrency for the global south get involved participating the ico the bolenum ico will open the july gmt. will last for one month and will conclude the august participation instructions will posted that date this page. fixed total boleno tokens will created and more will created after the end the ico. this number, (,,) will publicly offered during the ico and later put circulation. only during the ico, the boleno token will issued static price eth. purchase the boleno tokens, you can send amount ether equivalent the amount tokens you desire purchase our contract accompanied the ethereum address which you want the tokens transferred. the results the ico, including how many tokens were sold, will fully reported website after its completion. upon completion the ico, all funds raised through the ico will towards the development the project. this includes the product research, development, launch and the associated overhead costs, and finally the necessary promotion and marketing the african continent and globally. detailed ico participation instructions will posted this web page the ico launch date. for more details for any questions, feel free contact the bolenum team speak directly with our management developers this email address contact@bolenum.com.