boltt coin motivation improve societal health social health gamification platform white paper abstract "lack exercise responsible for twice many deaths obesity" american society for nutrition "lack exercise 'deadly' smoking" lancet journal "physical inactivity leading cause disease and disability" who physical exercise activity plays major role boltt creating social health gamification sustaining one's health. although everybody platform and entire ecosystem around health knows this fact, maintaining the necessary which aims motivate people maintain their physical activity levels often needs something more than mere desire. is, fact, the motivation that most people lack achieve their health goals. course, there are many solutions intended motivate people such healthcare apps, gym memberships, devices, sensors, etc. but none them have been adequate bring about the desired levels physical health, statistics still look dreadful: physical inactivity causes deaths worldwide! physical activity unique approach: boltt rewards people with bolttcoins for taking steps and achieving their health targets; boltt introduces gamified social interface that makes physical activity fun and addictive for the users. this motivates people and induces behavioral changes lifestyles ultimately reach their health and fitness goals. addition, gamification and social aspects leverage people's inherent desires for status and achievement. boltt mission continuously motivate people encourage them more active the other hand, boltt's platform means and keep alive their desires for healthier monetize people's health-related data; this lifestyle. boltt leveraging the vast possibilities solution long-felt need there hardly technology support people who practice active lifestyle for health, fitness, and wellbeing. any way currently monetize such usergenerated data. this particularly important, has been found that over half smart phone users gather their health-related information their phones. this, turn, helps the other stakeholders the ecosystem aggregate and analyze user data obtain insights for managerial decision-making. https://academic.oup.com/ajcn/article//// http://www.thelancet.com/journals/lancet/article/piis-%%-/fulltext http://www.who.int/mediacentre/news/releases/release/en/ https://getreferralmd.com///mobile-healthcare-technology-statistics/ table contents abstract page potential applications about boltt revenue model what next use blockchain why boltt ico tech stack and implementation partnerships design approach executive summary boltt's network blockchain, protocol bolttcoin boltt ecosystem boltt's network security core components mvp boltt functionality implementation plan privacy security the boltt token addressable market crowdsale details problem and solution how earn spend boltt coin product explained token distribution detail boltt health reward engine exchange listings engagement gamification security boltt gamification engine use funds boltt loyalty engine marketing strategy differentiators boltt mall market traction validation health,fitness wellness marketplace team boltt pay advisors insurance media mentions identitiy management health discliamer boltt crypto wallet decentralised marketplace about boltt founded boltt end-to-end tech solution provider that improves users' health incentivizing them with reward tokens, leveraging blockchain and health gamification. today, boltt considered one the leading mobile health tech companies the field wearable tech gamified health apps. boltt initially developed mobile app track health and fitness and then, range fitness wearables including smart fitness trackers advanced sensors covering all the aspects one's health from activity, sleep nutrition and fitness. later, boltt started its research and development into launching the social health and fitness gamification platform known boltt platform that makes use provide health-based coaching with exciting gamified challenges. boltt has bagged many prestigious awards including the frost sullivan companies action award the wearable technology category and has been featured top media press publications. has showcased its solution across reputed tech platforms like tech crunch and ces. about boltt huge market traction with viral spread units wearable devices month sold monthly active users downloads just months launch fast growing partner network well known corporate onboard brands having mn+ consumers retailers selling mn+ merchandise what next? "social health gamification platform" boltt now launching social health gamification platform, which rewards users with crypto currency called bolttcoins based the users' physical activity health data. bolttcoins can used purchase goods and services across large partner ecosystem. they can also used tool engagement and loyalty and can linked existing loyalty programs retailers, brands, and service providers. addition, bolttcoins can offered the form policy discounts health insurance companies. all transactions the boltt ecosystem happen the blockchain via the distributed ledger technology and are completely safe, secure, and transparent. boltt captures health and activity data the users the inbuilt mobile phone sensors via the boltt app via boltt fitness trackers wearables that synchronize with the app via ble technology. boltt has already invested over us$ research and development with the funds raised from well-known tech angel investors. why bolttcoin ico? world's first digital health currency, earned physical activity bolttcoin become the first ever, "digital health currency" connecting masses and many other stakeholders across current health, fitness, and wellness ecosystems. bolttcoins can accrued, not computing power, but simple steps and personal health achievements. the primary aim this currency enhance engagement and social gamification within the end users. mass application and huge potential demand health concern for everyone and there inherent appeal the masses for the same. there are many potential use cases for corporations, retailers, insurers, brands, celebrities, etc. from the promotion their products services improving the health their employees/followers. the other hand, users can spend bolttcoins purchase goods and services the boltt ecosystem and across huge partner network (offline/online). these use use blockchain leveraging the power blockchain boltt able offer gratification secure unbiased manner, increase seamless engagement and stronger monetization methods. why bolttcoin ico? unique platform that goes viral social health gamification with monetary rewards for physical activity innovative concept that can disrupt the existing mobile health ecosystems. boltt platform also includes many added features such marketplace, global health id, payment solution, and mobile wallet, which make complete ecosystem that can incorporate and integrate currently isolated health, fitness, and wellness ecosystems. highly experienced team bolttcoin platform developed and implemented group industry veterans who possess extensive experience sports tech, health, and fitness along with proven-track records entrepreneurship. the platform already the mvp stage and the funds will towards further development scaling the same. all this signals good opportunity for investors own strong crypto-token with potential for long-term placements revolutionary utility token that has many use cases within its own ecosystem. above all, contribution boltt contribution the advancement health and fitness our communities. partnerships gamification partners the platform boltt has tied with several large and well-known partners that, their essence, are the world's most significant corporate entities celebrities. has network retailers selling close products across different categories. bolttcoin partnerships present future executive summary boltt solves one the biggest problems personal health: lack motivation for personal health improvement. while solving this primary problem, boltt's solution successfully provides answers several other major gaps and pain points current healthcare ecosystems such lack engagement and loyalty for the stakeholders. engagement, gamification loyalty the three main pillars for any brand, corporate business. there "one platform" that provides all three pillars for business customers alike. corporations, brands, celebs retailers alike, all are looking newer ways remain engaged with their employees, consumers, fans stakeholders. with more and more retailers brands trying connect with audiences across array social channels, the attention span people decline. businesses need quickly figure out what best for their audiences order generate better engagement and increased brand loyalty. just like brand, celebrities also have reputation and online engagement maintain order increase and maximize their audience. corporations need better seamless way engage motivate enhance employee productivity. service providers need find differentiated ways increase retention acquisition customers. boltt creates ecosystem real-life partnerships with retailers, merchants, corporates, service providers, insurance companies, and integration gamification, blockchain and distributed ledger technology that aims towards increasing engagement loyalty based improved health. the boltt ecosystem enables people earn bolttcoins taking steps, which tangible measure improving one's personal health. bolttcoin the exclusive currency used within the ecosystem that can used rewards social gamification, engagement and loyalty programs across the ecosystems. "social health gamification platform" boltt platform consists the following core components that create complete ecosystem: core components boltt health reward engine: enables earn bolttcoins with steps personal health achievements. executive summary boltt engagement gamification: enables creating challenges, tournaments, and games from sponsored brands, celebrities, and corporates reward participants. addition, enables merchants create loyalty programs link their existing programs the boltt platform give rewards the form bolttcoins spend the partner network. boltt decentralized marketplace: serves several purposes. mainly enables product listing and sale while opening host other uses including insurance benefits, utility bill payments, entertainment bookings, offline shops, and other services. boltt identity management and health id: provides digital identity every individual user. this will one global health the blockchain that provides higher level security and privacy and available demand. boltt crypto wallet: enables access all financial services the boltt ecosystem. this includes many features including multiple top and cash out options, holding fiat multiple crypto currencies, money transfer, bill payments decentralized executive summary target audience boltt appeals wide range individual and commercial audiences with many different use cases from individual health improvement promoting products and services the corporations. end users corporates employees users from all age groups who want drive employee who want earn rewards and all segments can take productivity and engage with the form bolttcoins part the bolttcoin their employees retailers brands celebrities who want run loyalty that want run who want run programs with bolttcoins engagement programs with engagement and awareness their consumers programs with their fans insurance service hospitals who want reward their who want run hospitals medical customers with policy engagement programs with institutions can collect discounts based health their customers medical records reward patients for keeping heathy executive summary technology boltt will make use blockchain technology based dual blockchain protocol record the individual health records, marketplace, exchange, and wallet transactions. addition, utilizes several other technologies develop the mobile app, business logic and admin backbends ensuring the speed, security, and mass adoption. also provides apis for other systems features easily communicate with the boltt ecosystem. the bolttcoin will one the first crypto token simultaneously issued the waves platform and the ethereum platform. using cool new technology comprised web interface, locked wallets and smartcontracts the ethereum side, boltt tokens will dynamically interchangeable from one blockchain another the end user wishes. revenue model the boltt ecosystem has multiple revenue streams. follows subscription model for end users with nominal monthly subscription fee. corporates and others who hold social challenges and gamification are charged maintenance fee. addition, commission marketplace transactions based the value levied. addition, the platform open for advertising and sponsored contents, which take cpm revenue model. the token sale boltt aims raise us$ million for marketing, development and the implementation boltt platform. the total supply tokens billion which will offer the crowd sale price per token. boltt ecosystem platform pillars boltt coin health reward engine earn bolttcoins with steps health, computing power required! health one global health id, the blockchain and under your control gamification platform loyality programs decentralised challenges, deals, offers boltt shop, health multiple top and tournaments discount from brand& welness ecosystem, cash out option, hold games: from sposored reatilers. utility bill payments fiat multiple insurance benefits. cryptocurrencies, brands, celebrities corporates crypto wallet transfer monet, bill payment decentralized exchange core components core components product features business model rationale enables earn subscription model for end health reward bolttcoins with steps increase user adoption engine users with nominal personal health acquisition along with more mounthly subscription fee, achievements products and service usage gamified level system leading more revenue global management and upon wallet download and one global health the verification blockchain creation, biometrics blockchain that provides creating one other details are captured higher level security and comprehensive for assign nique privacy and available individuals and small blockchain demand multiple top cash out transaction base enable access all financial options, hold fiat charges, discounted for the services the boltt multiple cryptocurrencies, bolttcoin holders which ecosystem with host financial they can spend various services like money loyality programs, cash out transfer, bill payments trade health business crypto wallet decentralised exchange. gamification platform challenges, tournaments corporates and other who this will enchance team games: from sponsored hold social challenges and productivity, corporate brands, celebrities gamification are charged wellness brand corporates that combines maintenance fee engagment great engagement and gamifield tools reward participants with boltt coins core components core components product loyality programs ecosystem market place features business model rationale enables mercharts commision marketplace consumers pay reduced create loyalty plan link transaction based the prices for goods and existing programmes value levied services. merchants gain the boltt ecosystem give through increased demand rewards the form for their products and boltt coins spend the reduced customer partner network acquisition costs enables product listing and the platform open for the decentralized market sale while opening advertising and sponsored provides efficient host the other uses contents, which take platform take the including insurance cpm revenue model merchant customer benefits, utility bill interaction the next level payments, entertaiment bookings, offline shops, and other services boltt functionality bolttcoin functionality based blockchain technology, boltt offers premium hybrid solution that incorporates decentralized ledger within its proprietary centralized platform bringing large scale crypto transactions level quality and transparency within large ecosystem that has never been seen yet. earning boltt tokens based steps depositing boltt tokens paticipation deposits challenges using boltt tokens for purchase good and services retailers accepting boltt tokens for sale goods services linking loyality rewards health wellness professionals accepting boltt tokens for all services rendered within the ecostyle service providers accepting boltt tokens for sale all services privacy security privacy and security boltt understands that dealing with users' health-related data warrants strict privacy and security controls. boltt inherently provides the transparency and security that blockchain technology offers without the need for central authority. boltt assures data privacy and security terms both process and technology controls. process controls permission based onboarding users can select which data they would like share with product/service providers full flexibility provide revoke authorization for any product/service provider product/service providers are subject kyc procedures along with background checks product/service providers are required accept boltt terms and conditions that strictly prohibit misuse user data and imposes significant penalties for breach deterrent technology controls signing process based smart-contracts that provides transparency data storage auditable and access-controlled data encrypted privacy security figure: boltt privacy and security permission based on-boarding access autorization/revoke users process controls kyc procedures for product/service providers terms and conditions binding private and security data encryption technology controls smart contract based signup auditable data storage addressable market boltt's ecosystem effectively spans over multiple market segments, which, turn, offers access huge trillion dollar total addressable market (tam). mobile health market mobile payments market mobile gaming market mobile commerce market mobile wallets market loyalty management market loyalty management total market size $.tn mobile gaming market market mobile wallet market m-commerce market mobile payment market mobile health market addressable market mobile health market global health-related apps market, often known mhealth market was valued us$ and expected reach us$ []. mhealth apps can offer broad range services relating fitness, lifestyle management, nutrition diet, women's health, medication adherence, disease management, etc. increasing adoption smart and wearable healthcare devices expected have strong positive impact the market. addition, physicians are increasingly recommending the use mhealth apps that will also have significant impact the same. however, the existing solutions the market are not engaging enough. people are not motivated use the existing products services. that where boltt's health reward engine comes into play. when people will rewarded for staying healthy, fitness will become more exciting! mobile gaming market valued us$ and expected reach us$ cagr mobile gaming refers playing computer games mobile devices. usage mobile devices has already surpassed usage desktop devices and mobile gaming expected grow further. gamification key concept boltt platform and can considered mobile game for anyone play and improve their health. boltt has introduced whole new layer gamification health. fun health based challenges league tournaments will ensure massive community and social participation. addressable market m-commerce market mobile commerce market was valued us$ and expected reach us$ indicating unprecedented growth rate. boltt's decentralized marketplace comes under mobile commerce. can direct competitor major marketplace apps like ebay and amazon apps. mobile payments market valued us$ and expected reach one us$ trillion cagr mass adoption mobile devices has paved way for strong growth mobile payments and platforms. most global e-commerce retailers such ebay and amazon offer dedicated mobile apps and most brick-and-mortar retail chains are starting offer the same functionality. boltt's blockchain based mobile payment system can make significant presence the mobile payment market. mobile wallet market valued us$ and expected reach us$ cagr mobile wallet enables storing payment method information such credit card, debit card, bank account mobile device and using them make purchases via the mobile device without carrying plastic cards. boltt provides crypto wallet that can hold not only bolttcoins but also other crypto currencies well fiat currencies. addressable market loyalty management market valued us$ expected reach us$ .bn cagr loyalty management involves rewarding regular customers. the objective loyalty management simply retaining the customers for regular sales. can incorporate wide array methods such discount mailing and loyalty cards. boltt can disrupt the current loyalty management ecosystems with its revolutionary approach provide loyalty rewards. https://newzoo.com/insights/articles/the-global-games-market-will-reach---billion-in--with-mobile-taking-/ http://gs.statcounter.com/platform-market-share/desktop-mobile-tablet https://www.statista.com/statistics//mobile-payment-transaction-volume-forecast/ https://www.zionmarketresearch.com/news/mobile-wallet-market https://www.mordorintelligence.com/industry-reports/loyalty-management-market problem and solution lack motivation for personal health improvements the primary problem solved boltt the lack motivation for personal health improvements, which the root cause most the health problems for many people. boltt successfully solves this problem through gamification incentives solution: walk more! earn more! boltt platform incentivizes people walk more. users can earn bolttcoins simply walking and /or participating the step based games challenges. bolttcoins earned users can used purchase goods and services across the platform and partner networks. the platform also hosts challenges, games, and tournaments that users can participate. winners can receive bolttcoins rewards. these elements gamification and incentives long way motivating people towards their health. addition, encourages users make social groups and challenge their friends and family co-participate. other solved problems while answering the root cause, boltt effectively answers several market gaps and pain points current healthcare ecosystems: employer employee engagement retailer customer engagement loyalty lack health insurer-policyholder engagement loyalty need for seamless mobile health ecosystem service provider-customer engagement loyalty https://www.willistowerswatson.com/en/about-us/overview https://www.willistowerswatson.com/-/media/wtw/pdf/insights///staying-at-work-global-.pdf?la=en problem and solution employer employee engagement employee health concern for almost any employer helps achieve higher employee productivity, engagement, and retention. most employers are struggling engage with the employees. survey willis towers watson found that nearly respondents say that improving workforce health and productivity core component their organization's overall health strategy, and nearly all (%) said they are committed the health and productivity solution: sponsored challenges, gamification boltt platform enables companies host their own corporate challenges for their employees the platform. these challenges can fitness/health. leaderboard available view team progress. there are reports that the admin can monitor. the winners the challenges are rewarded bolttcoins/sponsored prizes the corporates. the incentives and gamified challenges encourage employee participation and help organizational productivity and performance. integrating the boltt's api, any organization, platform, individual can create their own challenges and apply game theory motivate and improve engagement. service provider-customer engagement loyalty today many service providers are not able properly engage with their customers. they are finding ways increase customer acquisition and maintain the loyalty the customers. there unfulfilled gap the market with the existing solutions and service providers' needs general. there lot money made someone comes with the right solution. solution: blockchain based mobile payments for products and services boltt allows blockchain based mobile payments for travel, utility bills, entertainment, recharge and more. the transactions take place via payments bolttcoins. problem and solution retailer customer engagement loyalty building customer loyalty often daunting task and retailers are always looking for innovative ways build loyalty, giving rise various customer loyalty programs. however, despite this growth loyalty programs, still, there are major pain points that have prevented these programs from realizing their full potential. current loyalty management market has coordination problems with unrealized rewards, and customers desire more flexibility, monetary benefits, and larger ecosystem. solution: loyalty and gratification programs boltt coin platform enables retailers offer bolttcoins part their loyalty programs. retailers can list their store the boltt marketplace and use bolttcoins purchase goods and services from the retailers online offline. lack health insurer-policyholder engagement loyalty research shows that the biggest challenge faced the insurance industry the fact that the majority consumers have become indifferent insurance providers. most insurance companies are struggling effectively engage with their policyholders increase customer loyalty and customer acquisition. solution: rewards based health boltt's platform enables insurers reward discounts premium the form bolttcoins their policy holders based their health performance. this tracking mechanism gives the insurers insights into the customer's health data, which can used info adjust future premiums. https://www.willistowerswatson.com/-/media/wtw/pdf/insights///staying-at-work-global-.pdf?la=en https://www.thunderhead.com/policies-vs-customers-tackling-the-customer-engagement-gap-in-insurance/ problem and solution need for seamless mobile health ecosystem purchasing health services can full hassles most markets there single platform that can cater all health service needs customers. customers often have use different platforms and payment methods purchase services such medicines, health checkups, gym memberships, etc. this more visible the m-commerce arena app-based health ecosystems are still evolving. solution: health, fitness and wellness marketplace boltt platform allows in-app health services like pay for health food delivery, medicines, health checkups, booking gym classes and fitness trainers. all these services are available users via payments bolttcoins. service provider-customer engagement loyalty today many service providers are not able properly engage with their customers. they are finding ways increase customer acquisition and maintain the loyalty the customers. there unfulfilled gap the market with the existing solutions and service providers' needs general. there lot money made someone comes with the right solution. solution: blockchain based mobile payments for products and services boltt allows blockchain based mobile payments for travel, utility bills, entertainment, recharge and more. the transactions take place via payments bolttcoins. product explained boltt ecosystem experience the power boltt. from e-commerce engagements insurnce benefits utility management wellness, manage all your finance flows with one smart platform. earn: accrue boltt coins engagement gamification host in-app challenges for your audience spend, exchange sell. more across and reward the winners sponsored boltt vast ecosystem with your cryptocurrency. coins health loyality benefits from retailers the boltt wallet stars creating single link your existiong loyalty programs the digital identity that users can carry globally boltt ecosystem and give rewards from -bolt boltt coins crypto wallet decentralised marketplace multiple top and cash out options, hold flat multiple cryptocurrencies, with host financial services like money transfers, bill payments entire in-app marketplace complete with boltt shop, wellness ecosystem, offline shops and billing product explained boltt creates complete ecosystem with the world's first ever "digital health currency" called the bolttcoin which fuels the interaction the components and users. the boltt platform composed several layers, which form the core pillars this product: health reward engine, gamification engagement, decentralized marketplace, health management and crypto wallet which are discussed detail below. platform architecture sign security &compliance health user user mobile phone user basic information kyc biomatric authenfication boltt platform boltt ecosystem healt anti money laudering (aml) wallet steps data colletcion data verification corporates/ brand user own challenges user level boltt coins prize rewards user boltt ecosystem corporate, sponsor, celebrity challenges boltt coin rewards product explained platform architecture boltt platform merchant retailers users boltt ecosystem boltt apis associates helth/wellness market place boltt ecosystem service providers (individual/companies) boltt coins users boltt crypto wallet utillity payments product explained user walkthrough users downloads the bolttcoin app after downloading there boarding process where the user chooses preferred data source for fitness tracking (from the boltt wearable closet) alternatively, the app can track data from the inbuilt sensors the mobile phone other third party data sources like fitbit, garmin others. users complete daily step target other health goals prescribed the app these are divided into levels. each level enables users earn higher number coins. users are rewarded boltt coins for achieving these goals the app they can also participate challenges, which can self-created organized corporate/brand. winners the challenges earn prizes the form bolttcoins other exciting merchandise product explained user walkthrough bolttcoins can also linked loyalty program offered retailers earned bolttcoins are credited user's crypto wallet the app users utilize bolttcoins purchase goods services partner network, which available both app and offline the app economy transactions are safely conducted over blockchain boltt health reward engine boltt health reward engine earn bolttcoins just taking steps, computing power required! boltt enables earning bolttcoins for simply taking steps including running, jogging walking outside using treadmill. earned bolttcoins can used make purchases the boltt marketplace could simply traded into other crypto currencies fiat currencies. boltt's platform seamlessly connected boltt wearables. additionally, allows integration with the most smart accessories and apps for sports and health and activity tracking such fitbit, google fit, apple watch, apple health kit, etc. data collection process the steps data the user can collected via the boltt fitness trackers via the phone's inbuilt sensors and accelerometers. the user has device, he/she can just connect the app via bluetooth. the steps are tracked automatically through the day, with details the hour. data verification security boltt uses based step-counting algorithm detect authenticate data. the boltt step algorithm place ensure that all bolttcoins are earned through hard work and movement. was not this way, users could potentially cheat the system doing things like shaking their phone using the app car etc. boltt algorithm checks and verifies data against all checkpoints ensure there are cases cheating. e.g. the data matches known pattern cheating like shaking the phone down mimic steps, the values will not counted. this proprietary algorithm that uses certain operations the boltt backend ensure all captured data completely authentic boltt health reward engine going beyond steps boltt has initially based the health reward engine bolttcoin payout only basis steps. the near future, boltt plans include other health parameters such activity, fitness, sleep, nutrition, vital stats, medical records, genetic tests user past health history. boltt uses all these data values make unique health score. health score all one tangible measure one's health. each data value these sections result the improvement the health score. calculated scale the higher the health score, higher the reward payout. this symbolizes the importance holistic health advancement. incentivizes users improve all aspects their health and lifestyle. the boltt health score patent pending technology that accurate measurement one's personal health, soon accepted globally leading health institutions insurance companies. smart contracts the logic and algorithms governing the boltt health reward engine gratification are executed via smart contracts and will completely decentralized, ensuring highest standards data security. boltt health reward engine figure: boltt reward engine process flow data aggregators (google fit, health kit, sensors) boltt wearables medical devices (advanced fitness trackers) data transfer through sdks apis encrypted data collection data transfer (advanced fitness trackers) encrypted data synchronization mobile application (bolt coin) boltt wearables boltt server blockchain database encrypted data transfer (user level+steps reward+ milestone bonus) health score users reward calculation engine data autentication engine removal unauthenticated data latest hours data verification associate data cheating/fraud detection conclusion/final accurate data boltt crypto wallet boltt coins credited blockchain smart contract determine final data verification data calculation boltt coins user's wallet through blockchain apis engagement gamification above diagram demonstrates how bolttcoins are mined the users and how they are ultimately credited the user's crypto wallet. the user's "steps" data can collected from many sources including smartphone inbuilt sensors, third-party services and devices).the data then encrypted and transferred onto the boltt servers. then transferred onto the blockchain database. the data authentication engine, all unverified and fraudulent/cheated data detected and removed. finally, the data becomes ready for the rewards engine processing. the reward calculation boltt coins carried out via smart contract. the bolttcoins are then credited into the user's crypto wallet blockchain engagement gamification .a. boltt gamification engine gamification the process taking something that already exists website, enterprise application, online community and integrating game mechanics into motivate participation, engagement, and loyalty. boltt aims redesign the approach physical activity with fun and addictive elements found games and applying them real-world fitness challenges create truly fun rewarding experience. boltt's gamification tactics are used stimulate customer loyalty, drive employee engagement, and increase motivation become healthy. businesses can easily reward their customers, users, members, tournament participants and staff with bolttcoins while the platform provides tailor-made analytics for the management. https://www.bunchball.com/gamification boltt gamification engine types games available the platform boltt coins can used participate boltt challenges, bet against friends compete against the world global "play win" challenges. types challenges and games elaborated below. decentralized tournaments: decentralized tournaments can set and run users who have bolttcoins. bolttcoins the only currency that can used tournaments. tournaments can large event league leader system. the idea that every participant has pay some admission fee bolttcoins join while brand and corporate sponsors can pitch with special prizes too. people are able view the tournament real time, speak the chat, and support their favorite players. centralized tournaments: centralized gaming tournaments can organized corporates, celebrities, brands the platform promote their cause. these tournaments can sponsored tournaments encourage player participation particular game and would consist exciting prizes bolttcoins otherwise. there will entry fee join this challenge after challenge has started users win coins. custom challenges: users can create their own challenges with custom rules. they can choose solo, invite his/her friends, join group challengers. user decides the bet amount and sends invitation friends. boltt gamification engine interactive map based challenges: adventure trails digital marathons boltt adventures series immersive challenges the boltt platform that encourages users get more daily activity virtually exploring scenic and iconic destinations. they are designed inspire and motivate users move more and virtually individual adventures: these are virtual personal challenges with competitors. users are given target destination reach and along the way, they are encouraged find preset landmarks and hidden treasures. these are designed motivate and prepare users take real-life challenges. group adventures: this similar individual adventures but the difference there can more than one person. user can invite his/her friends participate the adventure. users can communicate with each other using inbuilt messaging and track the progress own and others' progress. the first user daily adventures: the user challenged daily reach set destination, which set based users' past travel data. the user reaches the daily challenge, the distance for the next day little increased. this encourages users become more active daily basis. similar other adventures, users are treasures along each route: users uncover more photos and collect fun facts, well health and fitness tips, and mini-challenges. rewards participants receive bolttcoins for every milestone they unlock. boltt gamification engine challenges creation process the different types challenges explained above are created host apis and via the admin panel the back end. business corporate challenges business corporates can either self-create challenge the platform. alternatively, boltt can create host the challenge. ways engagement with community there are many different ways engaging with the community via the challenges. could via chat, gratification, prizes, broadcast messages, performance leaderboard rankings. the chat option enables the participants the challenge talk each other via inbuilt chat option the app. this helps users engage with their friends and colleagues. gratification includes the prizes rewarded the winners the challenge. this could either the form sponsored prizes brands and corporates. could the form winning pot the form bolttcoins. all users have participate with entry fee bolttcoins. the winners have the pot distributed amongst themselves. the leaderboard displays the performance all participants one dashboard. this importance the corporates, the hr/management can view the performance their employees and help motivate them and encourage healthy competition. smart contracts boltt will use smart contracts for all challenges tournaments making one the very first decentralized health gaming network. smart contracts will help ensure fair play maintaining integrity prize distribution, pot holding/circulation game end result logics. boltt gamification engine benefits there are different benefits for both the community and the businesses, participating hosting challenge: for communities: gamified way improve health. incentivizes users take more steps and work towards the winning pot. encourages group networking effect where friends would like call their friends participate. for business: has "two one" benefit promoting health advancement and increasing engagement with employees. for brands, also important tool increase loyalty and retention. boltt gamification engine figure: gamification process flow user created challenges boltt coin application invited user join challenge amount deducted from their boltt wallet unique challenge wallet address created with challenge boltt coin application create challenge invite friends join challenge (name, start date, pot amount transfered escrow associated wallet address end date, type, etc..) data sent smart contract for winner calculation smart contract user data collected stored boltt database challenge end processing collected data finalize winner calculation distribute boltt coins winner blockchain database challenge amount escrow boltt coins credited winner's wallet through blockchain apis blockchain boltt crypto wallet boltt gamification engine figure: gamification process flow sponsored/corporate challenges through boltt admin panel published boltt app corporate, sponsor, celebrity challenges boltt platform registration profile pot amount transfered escrow associated wallet address smart contract challenge published user data collected stored boltt database join challenge blockchain database through boltt apis published party app/platform create challenge (sponsored, map/non map, corporate, causes, adventure, step based, sleep challenge information challenge type data sent smart contract for winner calculation challenge end unique challenge wallet address created processing collected data finalize winner calculation distribute boltt coins winer smart contract boltt coins credited winner's wallet through blockchain apis winners boltt crypto wallet blockchain boltt loyalty engine the above diagram shows how user can take part in-app challenges and win bolttcoins. corporates and brands can create challenge using the boltt admin panel within the boltt app through boltt apis. end users can create challenge invite their friends. there can different types challenges running one time like sponsored, map, non map, adventure, step based etc. once user joins the challenge, the user's activity data calculated and stored the boltt database. the calculation and verification the winners happens via smart contract. accordingly, the pot winnings are then allocated the winners the form bolttcoins, which are credited the user's crypto wallet blockchain. .b. boltt loyalty engine boltt loyalty engine enables merchants create loyalty programs link their existing loyalty programs the boltt platform and rewards users with bolttcoins. boltt loyalty programs work similar other existing loyalty programs, i.e. when customer shops they earn loyalty points, but boltt loyalty programs, customers are rewarded with bolttcoins. the decentralized rewards management blockchain makes the platform unique. delivers value all platform members, for the retailers premium, blockchain-based loyalty management system worth $-$ per month available free, for the customers bolttcoins, which they can turn into real money redeem for purchases across boltt marketplace partner network and they not expire and tend price. users can also take advantage discounts and participate fun contests and sweepstakes. both merchants and users can gain from participating the boltt economy. accessing promotions loyalty programs the platform, consumers pay reduced prices for goods and services. the other hand, merchants may gain through increased demand for their products and reduced customer acquisition costs using the platform's marketing tools. "boltt loyalty platform" leverages the vast partner network ecosystem spearhead the next generation customer loyalty, the loyalty economy. this loyalty economy can change the current uninspired and value-deficient rewards points system value-focused, digital-based rewards system that will stand far above traditional rewards programs. the first loyalty program that implemented cash back (or more accurately, token back) loyalty program, this one the simplest form programs understand and consume for both merchants and customers. boltt loyalty engine universal loyalty program boltt tokens can used for loyalty rewards any retailer the ecosystem following ways. within boltt ecosystem getting listed merchant and configuring cash backs products third party applications using the restful api and integrating wallet and marketplace any app customer flow customer signs up, earns, spends, gets cash back etc. use restful api boltt issues api configuration files specify key aspects for the partners integrate and communicate the system with following specifications/instructions. the list services being provided, which described references nodes the shared ontology specifications about how the agent should fetch data and push results list services required for each service being provided, any. boltt loyalty engine not necessary customer boltt offer boltt coin reward. merchants that are not boltt platform can have access public api that enables them participate the bolttcoin loyalty program and receive payments using the boltt wallet. these companies can maintain their own apps and integrate with the system through the api receive payments and provide redemptions. their customers can use the boltt wallet make payments for their goods services; they can also build their own custom solutions transact cash bolttcoin. figure: loyalty engine process flow provides store information provides store information store creation user purchased through merchant website/aplication merchant website/app boltt coins credited user's wallet through blockchain apis boltt crypto wallet boltt apis user pay via boltt coins merchant retailers users user mobile phone registration&store creation add product boltt mall boltt mall product order cashback received smart contract blockchain boltt loyalty engine the above diagram demonstrates how retailers and merchants can link bolttcoins their loyalty programs. retailer can either open his store the boltt app, use boltt's open apis for the products hosted his own app. upon user verification, the customers are able purchase goods services from the retailer's network, using bolttcoins. after the purchase, the loyalty generation and cash back calculation takes place through smart contract the blockchain. cash back given the form bolttcoins. these are then credited the user's wallet through blockchain apis. advantages restful api loyalty points can shown user dashboard that can include loyalty points from many different sellers. users can simply register with their email, phone number social media credentials. users may use the account regular wallet that can store bolttcoins and other customers can keep their loyalty points the form bolttcoins single wallet. bolttcoins can redeemed any merchant within the entire boltt ecosystem and network partners. unlike loyalty points, which often have expiry period, bolttcoins never expire become unusable even the merchant who awarded closes its business. boltt loyalty engine easy way make purchases cryptocurrencies: eth and bitcoin can credited the customer's boltt account and used payment with boltt wallet participating merchants. bolttcoin value likely increase over time the boltt ecosystem expands. decentralised marketplace decentralized marketplace the decentralized market provides efficient platform take the merchant customer interaction the next level with following features: .a. boltt mall the boltt mall includes merchants, discounts and coupons, contests with products including restaurants, retail, entertainment, and travel that allow customers earn and use bolttcoins. payments can made with bolttcoins well any other supported coins boltt crypto wallet. addition, merchants can even operate offline, physical shops where customers can pay with their boltt crypto wallet using any currency balance the wallet. marketplace integrates geo-location based search and users can search and find the offline shops location. the boltt collaborates with merchants two ways: self-registration the bolttcoin app partnerships with merchant aggregators existing online websites online stores the owner representative the online store registered the platform just like regular user. boltt mall registration steps for user open online store: fills and sends the online application form the application moderated and evaluated platform experts approved, the "activate" button appears adds goods/services the store (photo/description/price, etc.) once the products/services added, the online store appears the platform the "online stores" section. users pay for purchases with bolttcoins, which they purchase earn their boltt wallet. storeowners receive orders, execute them, and the platform automatically charges small commission from the store for purchases made. customers can leave feedback the store after the transaction completed; customer feedback can affect the reputation the store the platform. boltt mall figure: boltt mall online store process flow store details moderated& approved boltt experts merchant retailers mobile application (bolt coin) registration&store creation moderation approval product listed boltt mall boltt mall users payment done via boltt coins successful approval unique merchant wallet created product order merchant wallet users crypto wallet boltt coins credited merchant's wallet through blockchain apis blockchain smart contract partial comission charged boltt platform boltt platform cashback received boltt coins cashback credited user's wallet through blockchain apis boltt mall the above diagram demonstrates how retailers and merchants can get onboard the boltt platform and start selling their goods and services via bolttcoins. once retailer has signed and created store, the details through moderation the boltt experts. after successful approval, merchant wallet created for the retailer. after this, retailers can list their products the store. users are able pay for these products using bolttcoins from their crypto wallet. the transaction processed via smart contract the blockchain. offline shops services users can find the shops/services location based search. these can include shops, restaurants, cafes, hotels, services, entertainment, which are integrated into the platform, and pay for services with bolttcoins. registration steps for user open offline store: the owner the offline store integrates their establishment, filling out the form and indicating the size the cashback discount any. after activation, the store appears the "store listing" under offline stores, and users can find using geolocation. visiting this offline store, person selects the right product, and transfers the bolttcoins for the total amount purchases. boltt mall figure: boltt mall online store process flow store details moderated approved boltt experts store listed geolocation based search merchant retailers registration&store creation moderation approval users user view associate boltt partner based geo location based geo location search result successful approval unique merchant wallet created blockchain merchant wallet smart contract users crypto wallet offline store user visit the store physically payment debited from user's baltt wallet pay via code the above diagram demonstrates how retailers and merchants can get onboard the boltt platform and start selling their goods and services via bolttcoins offline environment. using geo location based search results, the users are given recommendations the nearest offline boltt merchants around them. users are able pay for these products using bolttcoins from their crypto wallets. the users enter the store and pay via code/mobile number. the transaction occurs via smart contract the blockchain. health,fitness wellness marketplace .b. health, fitness wellness marketplace the boltt platform allows users explore discover variety health fitness services single curated health marketplace with host wide variety products and services such personal coaching, healthy snacks, health food delivery, health supplements, online pharmacy, diagnostics, genetic testing, gym, and yoga sessions and many more. users can purchase these services with bolttcoins. boltt partner network encourages health and fitness professionals and business owners render their services the platform for additional customer acquisition and revenue. addition, life/health insurance companies are encouraged offer discounts premiums bolttcoins their policyholders the basis their health improvements. health,fitness wellness marketplace figure: health and wellness marketplace process flow business/ service listed boltt market place business owners registration&store creation boltt health& welness market place service seekers service for desired service boltt wellness market place customers boltt wallet unique wallet created registration health fitness professionals boltt wallet service enginie module bolt coins cashback user's wallet throught blockchain apis service seeker wallet completion service custome transsfer funds boltt coin hire's suitable boltt server partial commision charged boltt platform boltt platform completion service wawes blockchain blockchain smart contract health,fitness wellness marketplace the above diagram demonstrates how health and fitness service professionals can get listed the boltt platform and render their services customers exchange bolttcoins. upon signup and registration, each service professional assigned unique wallet id. using and analytics boltt platform detects the behaviour and lifestyle patterns the user. the boltt service engine module filters out the best result and throws recommendation the user. the service provider accepts payments the form bolttcoins for the service provided. the transaction occurs via smart contract the blockchain. users pay bolttcoins from their crypto wallet, which get credited the service professional's merchant wallet over blockchain. the "services" ecosystem can segmented into the following core parts: consumer (service seeker) module: users simply select service product their choice fill smart form get recommendations. for satisfactory service, he/she pays the expert/business using boltt coins. business/professional (merchant- service provider) module: comprising profiles, expertise, professional history, achievements and overall identity the merchant. the user searches for nutritionist service, the 'intelligent' mapping system, picks relevant data and maps the user's requirement resulting into the best possible match. service engine module: the core boltt will the service engine that performs all ai-driven searches, mapping, communication management, service process management and host other tasks for both consumers and health wellness merchants. boltt pay .c. boltt pay: blockchain based mobile payment system boltt marketplace includes own blockchain based mobile payments system that can used make crypto fiat currency payments within the ecosystem across the partner network. these payments can include utility bills, travel tickets, insurance premiums, hotel bookings, movie tickets, entertainment, phone recharge and more. the payment can made scanning the barcode typing their own phone number. there small fee order execute the payment due the boltt platform liquidating the payment the desired crypto currency into fiat currency. boltt pay figure: boltt pay utility other services process flow tax bill payment telecom operators telecom operators insurance providers other utility providers product services listed boltt platform boltt platformutility aggregators boltt platform aggregators sets cashback distribution partnerships boltcoin application market place user pays for desired services search for listed utility services users payment deducted from user's crypto wallet unique wallet created for aggregator's payment done aggregators crypto wallet boltt coins credited aggregator's wallet through blockchain apis aggregators crypto wallet complition payment partial comission charged boltt platform boltt platform blockchain smart contract boltt coins cashbakc credited user's wallet through blockchain apis cash back insurance the above diagram demonstrates how different service providers such telecom operators, travel and stay, insurance providers and other utility providers can offer their services the boltt users via bolttcoins. make this happen, boltt makes use utility aggregators distributors. the different services from all the providers are listed the boltt platform via the aggregators. the aggregators can also set cashbacks and promotion offers every purchase. the aggregators are assigned unique wallet id. boltt users can select the service from the marketplace and pay for the form bolttcoins. these coins are issued from the user's crypto wallet and credited into the aggregator's merchant wallet. the transactions occur via smart contract the blockchain. users could also get cashbacks the form bolttcoins. .d. insurance boltt coins are given out insurers their policyholders the form discounts premium, upon achieving certain health targets. this improves customer acquisition and retention. this also helps the companies get more accurate insights their customers' health. some benefits and trends the sector are elaborated below: measure health insights: the boltt health app delivers insight into the health patterns the wearer. record fitness data: can record movements, heart rate, activity levels, and more. accurate risk calculation: insurers can calculate risk for individuals more accurately insurance reward customers for better health: insurance providers all over the world have now started reward customer for staying healthy discounts premiums: rewards can the form discounts the premiums better engagement and retention: health incentives help insurers drive deeper engagement with their customers, with real-time advice about their health. user flow users buy the health insurance policy and downloads the boltt app achieves basic health goals. perform any fitness activity like walking, running, swimming, cardio, gym workouts, etc. the app automatically recognises the resultant calorie burnt active time step meeting the set goals, the customers get health rewards bolttcoins that represent discounts premium insurance time period steps discount premium quarter quarter quarter quarter japan insurers set use health data set premiums sompo japan nipponkoa himawari life insurance inc. has distributed fitbit wearable devices policyholders collect information customer health. using the data, along with the results health checkups, the company working identify causal relationships between diseases and particular lifestyle habits order develop new insurance products. mlc ltd and south african health insurer discovery health measuring users' heart rates, sleep patterns and physical activity offer them discounts. axa, paris-based insurer began offering its customers free withings pulse fitness tracker. participants who walk over over steps per day over one-month period may receive discounts over off their insurance policy, well discounts off any withings product purchases. insurance oscar health insurance has partnered with misfit. misfit band serves pedometer, which can connect automatically oscar's app, which sets new daily goals for walking time. those who hit the goal earn while those who hit the goal times receive amazon gift card. while the cap rewards currently per year. oscar health gives health linked discounts with misfit tracker. john hancock offering fitbit devices life-insurance customers and participants can use fitbit devices along with ios devices track healthy behaviours such regular health exams, exercise, and smoking-cessation programs earn "vitality points". identity management health boltt allows the creation single digital identity that users can use globally boltt health id, which secure, private, and available demand. addition, includes kyc/aml, verification, digitization records, cards, national systems, and health records. the identity and health data are recorded the blockchain enabling higher levels security. boltt health offers freedom conduct various financial services one single identification consolidating all physical and digital identities the physical and digital world across multiple vertical applications and complement existing identity solutions. https://www.japantimes.co.jp/news////national/insurers-devise-new-steps-slash-fees-promote-wellness-rapidly-graying-japan/ https://www.telusinternational.com/articles/wearables-bring-health-insurers-closer-customers/ http://iireporter.com/axa-incents-customers-to-volunteer-personal-health-data-from-mobile-devices/ https://www.computerworld.com/article//insurance-company-now-offers-discounts-if-you-let-it-track-your-fitbit.html identitiy management health authorization data transmission using blockchain leveraging blockchain ensures that each transaction related information flows securely between all parties involved. the boltt health based sophisticated architecture ensuring safe authorization and data transmission using blockchain. boltt health tool create and maintain the user's data profile. this takes place via encrypted data transfer and the data exchange takes place securely over blockchain. aplication downloaded user creation decentralized decentralized healt boltt platform boltt platform users sent decentralized server encrypted format decentralized database user basic information (heigh, dob, gender, email, phone no, etc...) anti money laudering (aml) based autenfication (based&mobile) (email mobile) kyc biomatric authenfication party applications boltt crypto wallet above diagram demonstrates how boltt creates and manages the unique health user. step the user downloads the boltt coin app. part signup, the user enters all personal details and profile info like height, age, gender, etc. this leads the kyc and biometric aml verification. this data sent the decentralized server encrypted format, for the creation the decentralized health id. boltt crypto wallet boltt includes multi-currency crypto wallet that holds both cryptocurrencies and fiat currencies. the boltt wallet enables access all the services the boltt ecosystem, provides multiple top up, and cash out options, holding fiat multiple cryptocurrencies, along with added features such money transfer, bill payments, debit cards decentralized exchange. when user signs the platform, the boltt wallet created automatically. then the user can then fund the wallet with cryptocurrencies fiat currencies. boltt wallet offers api for third-party access developers that they are able interact with the wallet. possibilities include accessing balances, sending transactions, raising invoices, and building third-party apps top it. this can further enhance the boltt wallet acceptability and usage. the other hand, the third party api business model will create more partners who can distribute boltt services globally strengthen this network. key features: send and receive blockchain-based payments the go. the user simply needs pick the phone, log the wallet, scan the code receiver, and hit the send button. inbuilt-exchange: users can easily convert wide range blockchain assets such boltt tokens, boltt tokens, eth, and dash with the inbuilt exchange mechanism. easily accessible: users can access their wallet remotely from anywhere the world with mobile app web interface. boltt crypto wallet secure: the wallet built the native concepts application development following the highest industry guidelines. in-chat payment system: send and receive bolttcoins friends and family using in-chat payment system. sender just types the amount he/she wants send receiver's chat and payment sent instantly. request for payment: one the targeted and useful features the request for the payment. use request money due payments from your clients friends. request money using one touch button, your friend will receive invoice, you will receive the payment once he/she confirms the request. support for deposit/withdrawal fiat currencies, including usd, eur, and cny. boltt crypto wallet figure: tech stack platform architecture user boltcoin application market place product order aggregators crypto wallet other utility providers aggregators crypto wallet blockchain level purchase top ups coins received loyalty steps reward challenges prize joining fees coin transfer redeem bank a/c boltt crypto wallet above diagram demonstrates the setting the working the boltt crypto wallet. first, user downloads the boltt coin app and successfully gets registered with it. then the wallet created, address and public key generated using cryptographic operations. all transactions via the wallet are carried out the blockchain. potential credits the wallet can include boltt coins earned via steps rewards, via winning challenges, via loyalty cashbacks, via friends transfers, etc. the other hand, the potential debits can include bolttcoins spent goods and services marketplace, purchase boltt app subscription plans, payment joining fees for challenges, etc. potential application potential applications stakeholder users living potential uses benefits monetizing user-generated data lifestyle goals aggregating data for viewing sharing and deciding further data use and its price, get extra motivation reach healthy finding healthy lifestyle goods and services single platform interests and health data benefit from data generated, storing receiving tailor-made services based health and sports data one place personal trainers selling services, attracting new clients, managing clients' progress easy monitor the achievements and rewards, fitness progress gamification for clients the unique value proposition for advertising gyms attracting clients gym locations reward system promote gym visits marketing new services, optimizing gym specific times use monitoring users' progress promoting loyalty organizing group challenges sports and wellness selling products, marketing precise key audience interaction with customers via the reward system insights from users' data innovative marketing tool potential application potential applications stakeholder health insurers celebrities potential uses benefits reducing risks analysis actual client data great incentives for healthier lifestyle data-based management decisions powered client data selling services, attracting new clients, managing clients' progress easy monitor the achievements and rewards, fitness progress gamification for clients the unique value proposition for advertising gyms employers organizing fitness challenges for fans increase fan base and social media following organizing fitness challenges for employees fun and rewarding tool incentivize healthy lifestyles leading productivity and efficiency possibility for tailor-made challenges for specific staff revenue model revenue model the boltt ecosystem has multiple revenue streams from different participants. monthly subscriptions boltt health reward engine users will have pay monthly subscription fee for this. nominal us$.. upon taking this subscription, users are eligible earn bolttcoins taking steps and improving personal health. the bolttcoins can then used purchase different goods and services across the partner network. maintenance fees social challenges gamification corporates, brands, and celebrities can run sponsored health fitness challenges the boltt app for their employees, followers, and consumers. this encourages engagement and drives productivity and loyalty. the winners can win bolttcoins and sponsored prizes. boltt will charge the sponsored reward amount for hosting these challenges commission fees m-commerce transactions the boltt ecosystem will include over retailers service providers and mn+ products services the app. users can purchase these goods and services with bolttcoins. boltt will take nominal commission fee every transaction (-%) advertisement revenue the boltt ecosystem serves great platform for corporates, brands, and celebrities run sponsored contents. boltt charges cpm model for all sponsored content. use blockchain use blockchain blockchain has gained immense popularity technology that provides mechanism for establishing the trust, transparency, auditability, immutability, and security transactions without the use any intermediary. this section explores how blockchain the decentralized, distributed ledger infrastructure built around strong cryptography powering the boltt ecosystem. explains how all the essential features the boltt platform are not possible without blockchain. boltt makes full use the strengths the blockchain technology. utilizing shared ledgers, smart contracts and cryptographic encryption, boltt able eliminate the intermediaries throughout its ecosystem while ensuring trust, security, transparency, immutability, and auditability across the value chain. blockchain has enabled boltt offer gratification secure unbiased manner, increase seamless engagement and stronger monetization methods. discussed below detail how boltt making full use the inherent features the blockchain technology: use blockchain transparency: using smart contracts for the health reward engine, boltt offers complete transparency the process token generation. when user successfully completes the requisite health goal, he/she credited with bolttcoins. the algorithm for result validation and token issue completely decentralized and transparent. audit-able and hack proof. for example, any manipulative actions (faking steps etc.) can easily traceable and virtually impossible hide forge. once boltt token transactions are added the blockchain, they exist each copy the ledger maintained each the node the network resulting permanent and immutable records. thus, the health reward engine cannot tampered and completely decentralized. similarly all the boltt platform challenges, tournaments and games are recorded the blockchain. the ethereum blockchain supports decentralized tournament creation and distribution the winning with smart contracts. players are able test their fitness and bet step-based challenges without being dependent host decisions, financial regulations, and middleman controls. boltt challenges aim eliminate the need trust hosts running centralized platforms. use blockchain data security: the boltt health uses blockchain keep all the health identification data the users safe. more health device activity enabled the iot, the amount data generated consumer's health and lifestyle has dramatically increased. boltt understands that malicious access sensitive personal data can heavily cause devastating damage the consumer customer relationships and can negatively affect the reputation the business. grave reputational and financial repercussions health device makers. blockchains can enable embed rules via smart contracts control access sensitive health data. users can specify who should given access such data, for example, that only their family and treating physicians can access their health records.. for instance, user can allow his family physician access such data. blockchains encryption through cryptography enables that only the sender and receiver can access the data sent through the blockchain. all the transactions are logged the blockchain using anonymization algorithm, ensuring that user history kept private, verifiable, and destructible demand. data efficiency: loyalty programs have grown rapidly across many economic sectors. with different programs and point systems, has often become quite difficult redeem such loyalty points. boltt using blockchain and smart contracts revolutionize loyalty programs. the boltt ecosystem, when new transaction takes place like new loyalty point being given redeemed, unique token assigned that particular transaction. tokens are then grouped into blocks regular intervals such every minutes and distributed within the network updating the database each the node the network. new blocks transactions are validated and then linked previous blocks that ultimately create secure and verifiable records all the transactions without the use any intermediary use blockchain permanence/immutability: the boltt decentralized marketplace rests upon many fundamental pillars the blockchain. one the most important one the safety and security. all confirmed transactions the boltt marketplace are not able changed without the consensus the network, which nearly impossible. long the blockchain operative, the data always accessible. cost-effectiveness the nature the blockchain does away with the need for any intermediaries facilitate transactions. transaction cost the boltt platform even less than the transaction value, which significantly lower compared centralized payment methods such paypal credit cards. overall, within the boltt shop, there are automated triggers and processes. smart contracts provide the foundation for digitization and automation for business processes. logics are embedded automatically trigger payment successful verification. tech stack and implementation tech stack and implementation boltt platform built hybrid technical infrastructure. uses both on-chain and off-chain records for optimum performance. while all marketplace, health and wallet transactions including reward earnings based steps, challenges, tournaments, algorithms determining the rewards and generation bolttcoins etc will make use smart contracts are recorded the decentralized ledger, business algorithms, logic, and ai-based analytics work off the chain and the platform application hosted web server. boltt platform consists several tech layers, each serving foundation for the next. these layers represent the base for the different ecosystem pillars the platform. tech stack and implementation redemption stack market place tech stack trading dex crypto wallet stack participate challenge reward engine stack challenges stack data collection stack (data collected varies data sources) given below are the frameworks, languages, and software products are utilized the development boltt platform. tech stack and implementation retailer integration stack this serves plug play module for the retailers get connected with the boltt ecosystem. reward generation stack all stakeholders are connected the ecosystem via the boltt coins tokens, which serve medium transfer value between all. retailers and brands award the boltt coins the customers loyalty points for purchase goods services via them. this process activates the universal loyalty program, via which the boltt coin tokens are transferred customer through the boltt crypto wallet. merchants and users complete purchase, redemption, loyalty transactions using boltt coins. software development kit this stack connects boltt platform third party applications. this enables third party application users take advantage the boltt coin loyalty program. crypto network stack the stack allows boltt tokens transferred between network participants customers incentivize health advancement. the boltt tokens also used tool for engagement and loyalty the retailer and brands. the health data stored with the user and only once the health goal achieved, the boltt tokens are credited the boltt crypto wallet. retailers the boltt network use boltt coins loyalty points and accept them exchange for sale their goods and services. tech stack and implementation boltt wearable sensors boltt wearable sensors consist range fitness trackers that track all day steps and activity data most accurately. based -axis accelerometer, the inbuilt sensors are capable automatic motion detection. whether the user walking, running, jogging, the device will accurately capture steps. can indoor outdoor. blockchain protocol implement seamless blockchain technology, boltt team has been constantly sticking some core principles. few key areas that boltt has considered while building the tech: cash fiat still the dominant medium exchange between parties, for the above-mentioned use cases platform features. third party intermediaries and brokers are expensive peer peer the road boltt wants eventually take for all boltt products smart contracts can used automate and create trust between participants exchange value should fast and efficient there has medium for store value well. most this population not understand crypto, how works and think agnostic design approach design and approach use dual blockchain: blockchain technology maturing but lacks scalability and speed. there strong need the market for universal decentralized value exchange mechanism that can execute even millions transactions per second while maximizing resource utilization and minimizing transaction fees near zero. achieve this, boltt using new "dual blockchain technology" called "boltt dual swap". boltt would one the first few tokens use this dual technology. comprises web-based interface, wallets, and smart contracts ethereum. bolttcoins are interchangeable dynamically from one blockchain another required the user. design approach advantage dual blockchains both the ethereum and waves blockchains offer unique functionality. ethereum smart contracts are used implement many new decentralized features the bolttcoin platform like challenges tournaments, marketplace transactions, health reward engine, wallet transactions involving bolttcoins and other crypto assets amongst many other use cases. the other hand, waves has better support for token creation and management along with many other facilities related them. dual blockchain provides both flexibility and stability, and bolttcoin holders are able enjoy the advantages both the platforms. "boltt dual swap" creates fixed token supply each the two blockchains and locking half the supply any given time. bolttcoin can make use the network effect another crypto community. this also means that redundancy built into the project. case the blockchain becomes subject security vulnerability, tokens are still safe and can transferred traded. finally, the dual blockchain technology can significantly increase the attraction bolttcoin for exchanges. bolttcoins can easily facilitated any exchange that has integrated either the two blockchains increasing the trading opportunities. anyone able deposit the exchange for trading, either directly else using "boltt dual swap" intermediary step. similarly, anyone buying bolttcoin from exchange can withdraw bolttcoins the wallet user's choice. design approach technical specifications "boltt dual swap" boltt token has fixed supply billion tokens. the full supply created both ethereum and waves. tokens purchased with eth are released the respective ethereum wallet while the balance locked smart contract. any tokens that are purchased with fiat currencies btc, ltc, and waves are released waves blockchain while the balance locked waves wallet. thus, eth smart contract balance and the liquidity waves token are equal. the other hand, waves locked wallet and liquidity eth token are equal. any point that eth token holder wants convert eth boltt token for waves token, they send waves address and their eth tokens the smart contract, locking the eth tokens, and releasing the corresponding waves token sending them the nominated address. where eth token owner wishes convert waves tokens, he/she can send waves address and eth tokens into the smart contract that locks eth tokens while releasing the relevant waves tokens sending them the designated address. waves holders can the same. they can log onto boltt dashboard, the designate eth address and then send their tokens the locked wallet. eth tokens are then sent immediately. ultimately, there will more than billion unlocked boltt tokens. design approach application storage cloud storage utilized boltt the application storage. cloud service provider such amazon web services and google cloud selected for this purpose. cloud storage relatively less expensive than having own hardware infrastructure. addition, increases flexibility and provides global scalability. application development application development done based agile principles. boltt uses scrum framework for managing the product development. scrum well suited for development and support complicated products. the framework based the empirical methods. third party access boltt platform aims ensure the compatibility with other blockchain-based systems using open source api's that are made available the partners enables easy communication and integration with systems outside boltt platform. boltt uses restful api technology whose modularity provides developers with greater amount flexibility. boltt's network blockchain protocol boltt's network blockchain, protocol and bolttcoin: boltt utilizes the most advanced solutions available within blockchain and distributed ledger technologies, and some that introduced later stages r&d. boltt's mission bring health, e-commerce, services and boltt coin (crypto-currency) the masses. most the business requirements are supported the architectural drivers that ethereum have adopted for their mission: high transaction volumes, peer-to-peer transactions low transaction fees beyond this, boltt also needs create standard features available all transactions (with little friction) complex functions such escrow commissions, which are currently considered advanced features requiring high-friction and party integration. boltt builds top ethereum smart contract features that cash-oriented merchants (such offline shops, local gym chains personal trainers, whose business models not fit the standard e-commerce models) can take advantage these advanced capabilities without materially altering the way they business. prior bolttcoin, any ecommerce technology solution had insert themselves into the middle the transaction (in order monetize the transaction) which simply not practical for these cash-oriented businesses, therefore very few them have considered joining the online economy. boltt's network blockchain, protocol boltt believes addressing these issues seamlessly possible what breaks the loggerhead that has prevented the widespread adoption crypto currencies general usage. now, platforms and consumers longer need rely centralized institutions (which typically also incur significant fees) able provide new transaction options that offer the best both worlds cash credit. since boltt coin enforces all these capabilities for free and completely transparent and decentralized manner, almost all transaction risk and overhead eliminated making available all manner new commerce opportunities for the largest and smallest vendors worldwide. boltt's network and bolttcoin built with innovation, with the industries past mistakes mind. the role boltt's protocol for transaction approval and the injection new bolttcoins the ecosystem are ensure that "rules the game" are well known all participants. this the focal point institutional economics research; how "rules" (boltt's network's code), known and everyone, affect economic behaviour and decision making the ecosystem's participants with the creation trust. boltt has established the philosophy bolttcoin what correct and accurate economic theory and research, and own vast experience. boltt concludes that the quantity money should grow only when the economy truly grows. all dependent correct and unchangeable protocol. boltt's network security boltt's network security when one considers economy ultimately model for efficient information transfer efficiency, speed, and trust the information's correctness are the key variables for its health and capacity for wealth creation. the historical dependency fallible human action and limited performance has been the greatest limitation such economies the advent the internet has demonstrated its unprecedented ability create new wealth. crypto currencies and tokens based crypto ledgers are the next stage the economic revolution. they further reduce (but not eliminate) dependencies humans the most constraining dimension remaining trust, through sound mathematical models defining their operational protocols. these fundamental proofs are necessary for the safe and secure transactions value transfers they provide new level trust that enables the efficient implementation the new information economy. thus, the attack vectors that must defended against and mitigated pertain to: correct design implementation the model, and correct and secure processes for interactions between humans and the model's implementation. all exploits can clearly explained failures one these two categories. physical signatures, letters credit, bank transfer documents and other prior methods trust that the economic engines depended upon appear comical and insignificant when compared public key encryption for proof authentication well authority conduct transaction. yet the inherent limitations speed and efficiency that time contained the exposure exploits enough extent that they could made adequate long consistent process security was place. boltt's network security therefore, minor flaws the model which are relatively costly exploit might not have practical exploits due strong processes and limits efficiencies that limit the actual gains. today those dangers are orders magnitude more serious the great value the internet's efficiency also what provides for such attractive target. unfortunately naive belief the definition the model and failure fully evaluate the implementation same, immaturity the technologies used build them, and inadequate processes interaction have resulted several high profile exploits which had worst case scenario results total collapse the system they were designed enable and support. boltt taking more responsible and informed approach these issues both the generation and issues the bolttcoin, and the operational use and transfer same within the boltt economy. build them, and inadequate processes interaction have resulted several high profile exploits which had worst case scenario results total collapse the system they were designed enable and support. boltt taking more responsible and informed approach these issues both the generation and issues the bolttcoin, and the operational use and transfer same within the boltt economy. unlike prior entities who suffered losses due their unpreparedness and inexperience, boltt ongoing concern that already handles significant monetary transfers through its systems for some time now. security and reliability process are designed into the existing business and are being improved and expanded ongoing basis. security never-ending core process boltt's business model. https://blog.wavesplatform.com/what-is-waves-dex-cda https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/smart_contract mvp mvp boltt releasing the mvp the boltt coin app india may. the boltt coin app beta will consist all platform features with limited implementation the marketplace. the platform will feature the "boltt shop" with over merchants products, just time for the pre-ico. the system will working waves blockchain with real user data. this will help prepare smart contracts and get feedback from the community, real users and make sure that this solution viable. beta version the product goal beta version: provide firsthand experience, proof functionality and demonstrate the core features the boltt coin app boltt health reward engine: earn boltt coins with steps personal health boltt engagement gamification: for corporates employees combines great engagement and gamified tools like challenges, tournaments and games which will rewards participants with boltt coins boltt marketplace: list, order and sell products and services from merchants, categories products from across the world health id: one global health id, the blockchain and under your control. premise the boltt wallet starts creating single digital identity that users can carry globally boltt id. crypto wallet: with this, users can access all financial services the boltt ecosystem. multiple top and cash out options, hold fiat multiple crypto currencies, with host financial services like money transfer, bill payments, cards decentralized exchange mvp after launch, users will also start earn boltt coins all places such certain goals and incentivized engagement, referring other users, and completing tasks and offers. users will still able buy boltt coins spend make the difference when they don't have enough buy item. this case, boltt may sell directly from its own supply bolttcoins help users buy from the waves-dex within the boltt wallet. the wallets will created and maintained boltt for the purposes transactions within the boltt marketplace, but will also support withdrawals and deposits and from external addresses via the waves blockchain. within the boltt marketplace, boltt will manage the transactions for each user and hide the complexities dealing with public/private keys, smart contracts, etc. boltt users will not need any waves crypto currency knowledge start and continue buying and selling the marketplace. bolttcoin vs. traditional reward tokens traditional reward token gamified bolttcoin yes guided waves blockchain yes secure decentralised yes mining verifiable the blockchain yes mining based noble cause health advancement yes widespread palication accross industries sectors yes implementation plan start boltt development the june leading ecosystem for tracking health and fitness via wearables and mobile apps august september founded boltt health app track all one heath and fitness started selling boltt wearables major ecommerce platforms india release the first alpha version the boltt health app, part the january custome interface for the people interact with boltt existing wearable and app users implementation plan ico and mvp may stage are launching the mvp the boltt coin app india may. just time for our ico introduction smart countracts boltt smartcontracts will launched. july stage boltt will use these contracts for development the balance ecosystem elements. this will done july boltt loyalty platform: oct stage for retailers employees enables merchants link their existing loyalty programmers the boltt ecosystem given rewards the boltt coins. this will done oct insurance benefits: wherein insurance companies can dec stage reward benefits like discounts premium the form boltt tokens their prolicyholders basis their health. this will done dec implementation plan health, fitness welness ecosystem: which want create app universe health services, where feb stage users will able pay for health food delivery, medicines, health check ups, book gym classes fitness trainers boltt coins merchants will able list their goods and services the platform. this will done feb april stage bills, utillity entertaiment which include blickchain based mobile payments for trave, utility bills, movies, recharge more. this will done april offline shops services for retailers july stage and consumers combines best industry set engagment and loyalty tools (rewards, incentives) the front end and state the art analytics. audience insights including a.i. powered the back end, enables retailer merchants list their store online the boltt ecosystem. enables users make purchase good and services offline. this will done july how earn spend boltt coin how earn and spend bolttcoins earn earn user downloads the boltt coin appand earns boltt coins with steps engage with friends/employees/ user downloads the boltt coin app and earns bolttcoins with steps and and personal health improvment personal health improvment each step goal completeswins each step goal completeswins him boltt coins him boltt coins avail loyalty benefits retailers and use boltt coins enter into app challenges group, solo etc, hosted friends, corporates, brands, and celebrities. how earn spend boltt coin how earn and spend bolttcoins burn acquiring boltt coins avail exciting srvices with boltt coins choose from over million products choose from exciting in-app health and retailers offline/online who services like food, gy, medecine, are partners boltt ecosystem nutritions, coaches etc available boltt app pay for products and services with boltt coins trade exchange users can trade the boltt coins some decentralised exchanges users can pay for this boltt coins users can also make their utility payments for bills, recharge, travel, entertaiment via bolt coins token distribution details method/purpose no. boltt tokens% boltt private sale boltt team boltt advisory board boltt strategic brand partners boltt boltt boltt pre sale bounty marketing campaigns reserved for health based rewards step mining token distribution details figure: token distribution boltt tokens exchange listings the reserve for future mining forms the basis which boltt able issue boltt tokens for digitally verifiable health fitness achievements. the total quantity all boltt tokens thus only gradually introduced into the market, keeping big worldwide reserve for rewards available for many years post-ico. boltt planning release the first the reward tokens within the next two years decreasing rate. the vast majority tokens will simply not circulation the near future. algorithm will determine monthly, how many boltt token tokens awarded per verified fitness activity unit. over time, the amount will decrease according the number participants and tokens already the market. that way, sustained growth value can ensured even when more tokens become available. the projected amount boltt tokens the circulating supply during the next three years starts with goes and will still only during that time, the number participants the system mostly the people earning boltt token while taking steps will grow much faster, thus more than compensate for the increase token supply. exchange listing while boltt leverages the waves dex day one itself, boltt contact all major and several smaller crypto exchanges for listing boltt token facilitate the efficient trading. this opens the opportunity trade boltt token worldwide and receive boltt tokens outside the ecosystem boltt, without necessarily taking steps. security security boltt platform designed take into account recent events wallet theft and phishing during ico campaigns. this mitigated converting significant amount the ico fiat currency when possible. boltt continuously monitors for phishing sites and will alert all contributors through press releases and newsletters. boltt communicates official information regarding wallet addresses only through email registered members. boltt's operating strategy includes periodical contact with contributors through mailing list and/or newsletters, order keep them updated the status development, marketing, clients, and revenue. this strategy allows obtain feedback from contributors and keep them updated with the most recent news and developments. use funds proceeds collected from the token sale are utilized the following manner: the token sale funds will allocated developing the boltt platform (including) backend technology, apis and frontend developments will earmarked for marketing, order expand the boltt platform globally will used fund the growth the business and sales network. will invested security, legal, and accounting expenses. will used for reserve and buyback use funds figure: use funds marketing strategy boltt aims create network effect with the use the decentralized payment system. addition, boltt uses the well-known blowing pin strategy where focuses selected niches get started. boltt focuses building the supplier side first ensuring that bolttcoins are accepted considerable number locations through partnerships that can provide market penetration. boltt has already partnered with many renowned brands that should bring the critical mass accepted merchants and brands. however, boltt fully focused promoting and attracting new partnerships. far demand concerned, boltt will conduct aggressive marketing and promotion campaigns across social and other media channels order increase the market awareness and receive the viral spread the word. network effect can well illustrated metcalfe's law[]: robert metcalfe noticed that the value telecommunications network proportional the square the number users the system. for example, two people with telephones can only make one connection. five telephones can make connections, and twelve telephones can make connections. this now famously known "metcalfe's law" network effect: the value network proportional where the number users. marketing strategy bolttcoin business model the main difference that makes bolttcoin stand out from its competitors that its business model based its token's value growth well the cashflow generated from platform operations. all games the platform run single cryptocurrency named bolttcoin (boltt) which also the main driver bolttcoin economy. for participating the in-house step based earnings game,users have pay monthly subscription (fiat bolttcoins). this game played levels and the winnings can three four times the entry fee for the super active daily users.based the assumption that small number users will able consistently maintain super active status, expect positive net cash flow. also for hosting challenge bet, the platform charges normal maintenace fee the boot divided among the winners after dedcuction these charges. the model also partially based metcalfe's law which states that the bigger the network users, the greater that network's value becomes. the same applies boltt coin platform: the number players who wish play challenges games increases, i.e. growing demand will the value boltt token which has limited supply (think bitcoin. price growth user growth marketing strategy metcalfes law metcalfe's law states that the value any network proportional the square the number connected users the system (n) price growth user growth (k) (k) (k) marketing strategy boltt uses multi-channel strategy market its platform: bundling subscription with hardware: boltt sells the subscription the bolttcoin platform free bundle with the boltt wearables. boltt wearables are the top selling wearables major e-commerce portals india. bundling the subscription the bolttcoin app, enables great user acquisition almost zero cost. digital marketing for app downloads: digital means like social media like facebook and other channels like instagram, twitter are used for paid app downloads. influencer marketing: use press, media, influencers and bloggers spread the word. aso: boltt will use aso for organic downloads. affiliates: multiple affiliate channels get paid app installs corporate sales: boltt will marketing many corporates get them board host challenges the app. brands and celebrities tie-ups: boltt will market celebrities and brand run engagement campaigns the boltt app. http://www.neatorama.com////four-geeky-laws-that-rule-our-world/ marketing strategy positioning boltt seamless and scalable platform and has much wider use case than some the competitors. figure: boltt's positioning the competitive landscape boltt coins are tool for diverse industry wide data exchange gratification between different industries stakeholders for loyalty engagement usability limited rewards only app option social challenges based rewards limited health specific gratification health service avenues token moning generation success drivers differentiators revolutionary social health gamification platform boltt mobile health based social gamification platform that promotes health advancement rewarding the user's actions towards staying healthy fit. essentially gamifies health, way that has not been done before. and gamification makes fitness fun! the boltt technology offers innovative way get people all ages off the couch. the rewards are harnessed the form boltt coins which can used purchase goods services across massive partner network. boltt platform based scalable tech stack and integrates many ecosystem players seamless manner ensuring trust and privacy the transactions are conducted over blockchain. the boltt platform captures data that was previously inaccessible the ecosystem players and result able offer highly valuable insights retailers/merchants/brands/ service providers and insurance companies. the boltt platform plug play solution and follows strict privacy and regulatory compliances, all transactions are conducted over blockchain. .massive use cases spanning across industries boltt not just solving isolated problem single industry. not only promoting health advancement motivating people take more steps rewarding them with boltt coins. but also solving underlying problem that spans across all business "how connect engage with your users better". since the boltt coins can used any business corporates, retailers, brands, insurers, service providers etc offer loyalty offers and discounts, the platform acts important driver for user engagement within these industries. market traction validation product live the market with great traction the boltt platform already live the market and deployed across different industry pillars, representing each pillar the boltt ecosystem. implemented corporates having employees, brands having mn+ consumers, retail chains having plus customers. has cumulative user base active users. market traction validation boltt has been successfully adopted and validated many different business and end users. onboarded retailers products selling the platform soon live with corporates soon live with brands and retail chains downloads active users estimated launch, leveraging boltt existing user base product validation platform successfully deployed across different use cases. retailer validation retailers selling their goods services via boltt coins. brands and corporates will run engagement programmes via boltt coins. customer validation customers will buy products with boltt coins across the partner work. team team boltt crew made top professionals and developers with extensive experience. the team constantly growing and evolving ensure that can meet the expectations the community and create unique platform. below you can find overview the bolttcoin leadership. arnav kishore sahil goel co-founder ceo, boltt co-founder chief product strategy rajesh bhatia gurdeep singh co-founder president finance co-founder director strategic alliances former ceo reliance lalit kishore aayushi jugasia co-founder chief strategy officer former president co-founder cmo, boltt sports team nikhil sethi marketing consultant the blockchain/ico space ibc group comprehensive devesh rai parth trivedi oycekcarhsaionf exepveerlo iepnecre with year managment positions; worked delivery manager charge bussiness unit people and yearly budget kuldeep singh lead developer ios boltt sports technologies pvt ltd boltt sports lead developer (web) boltt sports technologies pvt ltd boltt sports technologies dheeraj pal atanu bhaumik ceo and technical architect lewiot lewiot internet community manager bounty manager mohit walia head marketing community manager team experts data science a.i. experts, who are helping vring bolttcoin platfform life. erik kallenbach darren robertson chief research chief and machine flavio brito danial karsner chief data computational chief archival peter szubo chief deep learning boltt's member team includes blockchain developers, data scientists, mobile ops, backend/frontend developers, marketing experts, platform engineers operations professionals advisors advisory board boltt has extensive advisory board composed leading experts relating industries. are constantly updating the list our advisers and partners and publicize their addition the bolttcoin advisory board and partner list our website. will continue add high-level professionals and consultants from different spheres and plan having the strongest advisory board. brian condenanza chief crypto marketing. ico advisor entrepreneur revista bitcoin editor blockchain, bitcoin crypto currency researcher investor pre ico deals forbes under ian scarffe chief investment advisor. blockchain ico advisor consultant strategist investor ico bench blockchain advisor global rank simon cocking chief strategy public relations. co-founder chief editor irish tech news, cryptocoin.news ico expert advisor icobench sally eaves emergent technology cto global strategy advisor fintech blockchain entrepreneur speaker author research francesco redaelli founder business development koinsquare advisory board member campaign success manager two hundred crowd advisors jennifer greyson ceo, powered neurealsm blockchain optimized for tge/ico date forthcoming david manset technology ceo cso blockchain entrepreneur blockchain security advisor bogdan fiedur ico advisor, icobench expert, smart contract developer, full stack developer arthur iinuma tech partner advisor blockchain consultant ,ico advisor early stage investor anantshree chaturvedi chief strategic relations, ceo director uflex colin harper chief content media strategy, news editor coincentral--staff writer bitcoin magazine boltt coin motivation improve societal health social health gamification platform white paper media mentions media mentions disclaimer corporate structure the bolttcoin platform and corresponding tokens are being generated and held bolttcoin ou, wholly separate holding company incorporated and operating under the laws estonia. boltt sports technologies pvt.ltd private limited company incorporated india. due the current regulatory framework with respect cryptocurrencies india, the bolttcoin crypto currency platform, will owned and operated bolttcoin ou, estonia. successfully closing the ico, bolttcoin will consummate acquisition boltt sports technologies pvt.ltd india. boltt anticipates that there will significant clarity the regulation crypto currency india the near term. upon receiving such clarity, bolttcoin along with boltt sports technologies will ready launch thereafter. legal governance and compliance determined boltt legal advisors, and based the howey test under the laws, bolttcoins are not deemed securities india usa. boltt complies with the currently available indian and legislative regulations with regard the operations ico, digital tokens, and crypto currencies. this document for information purposes only and not offer call sell stocks securities any legal entity. regulatory uncertainty blockchain technologies are subject supervision and control various regulatory bodies. boltt may fall under one more request action their part, including but not limited restrictions imposed the use possession digital tokens such bolttcoins, possibly limiting the functionality repurchase bolttcoins the future. disclaimer bolttcoins are not securities user acknowledges, understands, and agrees that bolttcoins are not securities and are not registered with any government entity security; and shall not considered such. user acknowledges, understands, and agrees that ownership bolttcoins does not grant the user the right receive profits, income, other payments returns. bolttcoins not represent ownership interest secugenius boltt project any other entity. guarantees value there guarantee that bolttcoins will tradable any exchange. there guarantee the value bolttcoins whether that value will change over time. unforeseen events, events which the developers have control, force majeure circumstances may cause the value bolttcoins extremely volatile. users who purchase earn bolttcoins hereby acknowledge and represent that they are not acquiring such bolttcoins with expectation profit income. users who purchase earn bolttcoins further acknowledge and represent that there may exchange merchant that will accept bolttcoins exchange for goods, services, cash, other crypto currencies. future values and acquisitions crypto currencies and alternative coins cannot guaranteed, recommended that each participant consider all risks associated with participation bolttcoins. risks associated with waves bolttcoins will issued the waves blockchain protocol. therefore, any failure malfunctioning the waves blockchain may lead the trading network fragmented bolttcoins. disclaimer bolttcoins are not investment bolttcoins are not legally binding investments. the case unforeseen circumstances, the objectives stated this document may changed. despite the fact that boltt intends reach all goals described this document, all persons and parties involved the purchase bolttcoins their own risk. risks using new technologies boltt protocol new and relatively untested technology. therefore, there can additional unforeseen risks associated with this product.