bora ecosystem blockchain platform ecosystem promote content distribution and user activity bora ecosystem team (contact@boraecosystem.com) may (version disclaimer...................................................................................................................................................................................... abstract ......................................................................................................................................................................................... definition the problem ..................................................................................................................................................... problems with the existing industry ............................................................................................................................................................ review existing projects .......................................................................................................................................................................... conclusion ............................................................................................................................................................................................................. solution blockchain structure ...................................................................................................................................... summary ................................................................................................................................................................................................................ platform layer architecture .......................................................................................................................................................................... solution economic system and incentive mechanism ............................................................................................. design purpose ................................................................................................................................................................................................... token mechanism .............................................................................................................................................................................................. incentive for ecosystem vitalization and growth .............................................................................................................................. bora point's flexible extension architecture ...................................................................................................................................... monetization ........................................................................................................................................................................................................ bora platform ecosystem usage cases ........................................................................................................................... games ...................................................................................................................................................................................................................... user reward program ...................................................................................................................................................................................... game community and related business ............................................................................................................................................... pre-paid gift card ............................................................................................................................................................................................... extension non-video game industries ............................................................................................................................................. conclusion .............................................................................................................................................................................. disclaimer important notice: please read the entirety this "disclaimer" section carefully. recommend you consult legal, financial, tax other professional advisor(s) experts for further guidance prior participating the bora ecosystem token sale outlined this white paper. legal statement (a) this whitepaper ("whitepaper"), its current form, circulated for general information purposes relation the bora network blockchain project presently conceived and subject review and revision. the information this whitepaper current only the date the cover hereof. thereafter, the information this whitepaper and/or information concerning boranetwork pte, ltd. ("bora network") may have changed since this date. (b) person bound enter into any contract binding legal commitment relation the sale and purchase the bora token and payment accepted the basis this whitepaper. any sale and purchase the bora token will governed legally binding agreement, the details which will made available separately from this whitepaper. the event any inconsistencies between the above mentioned agreement and this whitepaper, the former shall prevail. (c) this whitepaper does not constitute form part any opinion any advice sell, any solicitation any offer the issuer/distributor/vendor the bora token purchase any bora token nor shall any part nor the fact its presentation form the basis of, relied upon connection with, any contract investment decision. (d) the bora tokens are not intended constitute securities, units business trust, units collective investment scheme, each defined under the securities and futures act (cap. ("sfa") singapore. accordingly, this whitepaper therefore, does not, and not intended to, constitute prospectus, profile statement, offer document any sort, and should not construed offer securities any form, units business trust, units collective investment scheme any other form investment, solicitation for any form investment any jurisdiction. (e) bora token should construed, interpreted, classified treated enabling, according any opportunity to, purchasers participate receive profits, income, other payments returns arising from connection with the bora ecosystem, bora tokens, products, receive sums paid out such profits, income, other payments returns. (f) this whitepaper and any part hereof may not reproduced, distributed otherwise disseminated any jurisdiction where offering tokens the manner set out this whitepaper regulated prohibited. (g) regulatory authority has reviewed, examined approved any the information set out this whitepaper. such action has been will any jurisdiction. (h) where you wish purchase any bora token, the bora tokens are not construed, interpreted, classified treated as: (a) any kind currency other than cryptocurrency; (b) debentures, stocks shares issued any entity; (c) rights, options derivatives respect such debentures, stocks shares; (d) rights under contract for differences under any other contract with the purpose pretended purpose secure profit avoid loss; (e) units derivatives collective investment scheme business trust, any other type securities. restrictions distribution and dissemination (a) the distribution dissemination this whitepaper any part thereof may prohibited restricted the laws regulatory requirements any jurisdiction. the case where any restriction applies, you are inform yourself about, and observe, any restrictions which are applicable your possession this whitepaper such part thereof (as the case may be) your own expense and without liability bora network its representatives, agents, and related companies (including waybit co., ltd.) ("affiliates"). (b) persons whom copy this whitepaper has been distributed disseminated, provided access who otherwise have the whitepaper their possession shall not circulate any other persons, reproduce otherwise distribute this whitepaper any information contained herein for any purpose whatsoever nor permit cause the same occur. disclaimer liability (a) the bora tokens and related services provided bora network and its affiliates are provided "as is" and "as available" basis. bora network and its affiliates not grant any warranties make any representation, express implied otherwise, the accessibility, quality, suitability, accuracy, adequacy, completeness the bora tokens any related services provided bora network and its affiliates, and expressly disclaims any liability for errors, delays, omissions in, for any action taken reliance on, the bora tokens and related services provided bora network and its affiliates. (b) bora network and its affiliates not make purport make, and hereby disclaims, any representation, warranty undertaking any form whatsoever any entity person, including any representation, warranty undertaking relation the truth, accuracy and completeness any the information set out this whitepaper. (c) the maximum extent permitted the applicable laws and regulations, bora network and its affiliates shall not liable for any indirect, special, incidental, consequential other losses any kind, tort, contract otherwise (including but not limited loss revenue, income profits, and loss use data), arising out connection with any acceptance reliance this whitepaper any part thereof you. cautionary note forward-looking statements (a) certain information set forth this whitepaper includes forward-looking information regarding the future the project, future events and projections. these statements are not statements historical fact and may identified but not limited words and phrases such "will", "estimate", "believe", "expect", "project", "anticipate", words similar meaning. such forward-looking statements are also included other publicly available materials such presentations, interviews, videos etc. information contained this whitepaper constitutes forward-looking statements including but not limited future results, performance, achievements bora network its affiliates. (b) the forward-looking statements involve variety risks and uncertainties. these statements are not guarantees future performance and undue reliance should placed them. should any these risks uncertainties materialize, the actual performance and progress bora network its affiliates might differ from expectations set the forward-looking statements. bora network its affiliates undertake obligation update forward-looking statements should there any change circumstances. acting upon forward-looking information received from this whitepaper, bora network its affiliates' website and other materials produced bora network its affiliates, you personally bear full responsibility the event where the forward-looking statements not materialize. (c) the date this white paper, the bora platform has not been completed and not fully operational. any description pertaining and regarding the bora platform made the basis that the bora platform will completed and fully operational. however, this paragraph shall way construed providing any form guarantee assurance that the bora platform will eventually completed fully operational. potential risks (a) please carefully read every piece information, understand and analyze the risks related factors before deciding participate and purchase the bora token. the risks include, but are not limited to: (i) risk losing access bora token due loss private key, credentials and other identification information, any other kind custodial purchaser errors; (ii) fluctuations the price bora token post issuance due the general global market and economic conditions. such volatility the value the bora token may lead bora network not being able fund the development the bora ecosystem, may not able maintain the bora ecosystem the manner intended; (iii) any malfunction, unplanned function unexpected operation the ethereum protocol which may, turn, cause the bora token the bora ecosystem malfunction operate way that not expected they are based the ethereum protocol. ether, the native ethereum protocol account unit, may itself lose value similar way bora token, and also other ways; (iv) changes political, social, economic and stock cryptocurrency market conditions, and the regulatory environment the countries which bora network its affiliates conduct their businesses and operations, and the ability bora network its affiliates survive compete under such conditions. possible that certain jurisdictions will apply existing regulations on, introduce new regulations addressing, blockchain technology, which may contrary the bora token and/or the bora ecosystem which may, inter alia, result substantial modifications the bora ecosystem and the bora network blockchain project, including termination and loss bora tokens; (v) changes the future capital needs bora network its affiliates and the availability financing and capital fund such needs. lack funding could impact the development the bora platform and the uses potential value the bora token; (vi) for number reasons including, but not limited to, unfavorable fluctuation bora token value, the failure business relationships competing intellectual property claims, the bora network project may longer viable activity and may dissolved simply not launched; (vii) the lack interest from large number companies, individuals and other organizations for the bora ecosystem and services and that may have limited public interest the creation and development distributed applications. such lack interest could lead lack funding and also impact the development the bora platform and the uses potential value bora token; (viii) significant changes made the features specifications the bora token the bora platform before the release implementation the bora network project and/or the bora ecosystem. while bora network intends for the bora token and the bora ecosystem function described the whitepaper, bora network may nevertheless make such changes; (ix) competition from alternative platforms that may have been established, which could potentially adversely impact the bora token and the bora ecosystem (e.g. lack commercial success prospects caused competing projects); (x) interference with the use bora token and the infrastructure the bora ecosystem due any weaknesses malware that may intentionally unintentionally introduced into the software the bora ecosystem. the blockchain used for the platform also vulnerable attacks which pose risk the platform and the performance related services; (xi) occurrences catastrophic events, natural disasters that affect the businesses operations bora network its affiliates and other factors beyond the control bora network its affiliates. this includes mining attacks, attacks hackers other individuals that could result theft loss proceeds the bora token sale, the bora token and impacting the ability develop the bora ecosystem; (xii) the bora token and other cryptocurrencies are new, untested technology and constantly developing. the full functionality the bora token not yet complete and assurance can provided such completion. technology matures, developments cryptographic technologies and techniques changes consensus protocol algorithms could present risks the bora token, the bora token sale, the bora network project and/or the bora ecosystem, including the utility the bora token; (xiii) bora tokens confer governance rights any kind with respect the bora network project, the bora ecosystem and/or bora network and all decisions will made bora network its sole discretion, including decisions discontinue the bora network's products services, the bora network project and/or bora ecosystem, create and sell more bora tokens for use the bora ecosystem sell liquidate bora network; and (xiv) the tax treatment and accounting the bora tokens uncertain and may vary amongst jurisdictions. there may adverse tax consequences and independent tax advice connection with purchasing bora tokens should obtained. addition the risks stipulated above, there are other risks that bora network and its affiliates cannot predict. risks may also occur unanticipated combinations changes the risks stipulated herein. (b) any such risks and uncertainties develops into actual events, the business, financial condition, results operations and prospects bora network its affiliates could materially and adversely affected. such cases, you may lose all part the value the bora tokens. further information update person has been authorized give any information representation not contained this whitepaper connection with the bora token, bora network its affiliates and their respective businesses and operations, and, given, such information representation must not relied upon having been authorized behalf bora network its affiliates. advice information this whitepaper should considered business, legal, financial tax advice regarding the bora token, bora network its affiliates. you should consult your own legal, financial, tax other professional advisor(s) regarding the bora token, bora network its affiliates and their respective businesses and operations. you should aware that you may required bear the financial risk any purchase bora token for indefinite period time. abstract internet-based content businesses like video game, social communities and entertainment have grown immense scale. but lack transparency and disclosure, the ever-present risk user asset loss, transaction risk, and the high brokerage costs may reduce user motivation and immersion levels. such, content providers today are required increase their efforts secure loyal users. while some content providers may want implement blockchain technology, many find the application new technology and entering into young market heavy burden. unfortunately, the current state developmental support and mitigating risks for blockchain-related projects are still lacking. the bora platform ecosystem solution designed resolve these issues. the bora platform design consists internal blockchain (bora chain) and the ethereum public blockchain linked together. aims provide the high transaction throughput and expandability required for commercial content application services. bora chain designed with modular architecture, and the modular design allows each application the platform enjoy independent service environments. tokens for internal circulation (bora points) within the ecosystem exist within the bora chain, and are linked erc- tokens (bora tokens). through this structure, user assets are protected, and the transfer process bora tokens and execution ensured. result, user assets are longer structure that dependent existing content providers, but rather exist with the user and ecosystem. content providers not need separately develop new blockchains, and can participate the decentralized ecosystem using the web interface and api provided the bora platform. the bora platform ecosystem will also consist the bora point incentive program, which aims benefit all ecosystem participants and operated based smart contracts. blockchain-based promotion campaigns and rewards programs can applied radically improve user retention, ultimately resulting increased service lifetime value (ltv). the bora ecosystem designed that all participants can contribute the ecosystem and receive reasonable rewards, with voluntary and continuous user activity all driven the token-based economic system and incentive mechanisms. behavior that inappropriate for the ecosystem can self-regulated does not benefit anyone the ecosystem (including the perpetrator), and content providers within the ecosystem can share the goal and motivation compete good faith through service quality improvements rather than unfair practices. the bora platform's first goal use trial services for fast network and ecosystem verification, leading commercialization. video game fits this goal best, considering its factors popularity and intuitiveness. thus, the developer that entered partnership with the bora team developing game for the trial service that will linked with the bora chain. the blockchain technology industry still its infancy but continuously advancing and growing. the bora platform also has road map enhance the platform and bora chain while extending the ecosystem range, matching the advances technology and ecosystem growth. through series processes, ultimately seek build and grow ecosystem that promotes content business circulation and continuous user activity within decentralized platform environment. definition the problem problems with the existing industry ... credibility veracity, transparency, and security information there have always been credibility issues between the content information sender and receiver the existing digital industry. our view, this due the difficulty confirming the veracity the information provided, the lack transparency the provision said information, and the fact that the information could modified lost any time. even the content provider provided valid information, difficult for the user verify the information. similarly difficult for the provider prove and impress the user the integrity the information. take for example, the video game industry. difficult for game players accept face value that the game randomly shuffles the cards for each new game, and deals the cards fairly for each new hand. players may still refuse believe the information provided with the randomized loot box that they have chance obtaining rare game item, and refrain from purchasing the product. apart from the questionable accuracy the information from content providers, the transparency disclosing information also lacking. content providers with their own servers and databases could directly control which information recorded, stored, and shared. such, difficult for users know which information was recorded, and what level information was shared. for instance, most mobile games not provide individual probabilities expected values for probability-based items sold through in-app purchases well. beyond this, the information databases can modified falsified any time result bug, and administrator mistake deliberate action. sometimes, information can lost, even omitted (not recorded). this reversibility information can cause negative effect the service's credibility. these issues have also caused considerable waste resources. for instance, the online poker service studied: the customer inquiries were related 'suspicion manipulation game probability http://www.koreaherald.com/view.php?ud= south korea and some jurisdictions require disclosure information related these probability-based items, but there limit the disclosure method and level. the app store also made the disclosure probabilities for loot boxes (probability-based items) mandatory through its new app store review guidelines dec. st, but apple does not technically verify the disclosed probability, and still difficult judge the veracity the information actually provided. online game service that once recorded monthly sales, which was proven source code and log data review, had manipulation in-game probabilities. and mistrust game records', and another were that 'game money has been lost hacked. separate customer service group with large number personnel had opened handle these complaints and inquiries. ... user asset value dependency, severity, and loss content providers the areas video game, online social communities, and entertainment create and/or circulate content with complementing services. users enjoy and consume the content through variety means and often times they involve great deal time, effort, and money. through this process, content providers may profit from the content's popularity and users the other hand obtain quite often emotionally attached, hard-won digital assets. although, the assets are obtained through value trade-offs, the majority user assets cannot become the sole property the user. this because the digital assets user are linked the content provider's services. the in-game money' accumulated the user, the 'platinum status level' built the community, and the ',-strong army' that was completed with the user's time and money will all disappear once the relevant content services are suspended. they will all disappear, regardless how much time, effort, money the user has spent obtain and accumulate them. our view that this type user asset dependency reduces the participation, immersion, and payment the users, who are aware this limited asset ownership. such, content providers must put more effort and cost into finding high-loyalty users. addition, cases such the 'one-to-many' relationship structure between the user and the content service provider, assets accumulated different services cannot consolidated, and cannot valuedetermined using unified criteria even they belong the same user. asset's value cannot determined, then not fit for ownership, trade, transaction. therefore, the number users who put their time and resource acquire these assets can only small portion the whole population users. for this reason, providers content such those the video game industry incur large cost increase the user purchase rate even though for small fraction increase via in-app-purchasing freemium model. also, the asset value content services may easily harmed lost. the value million in-game money, which the user has accumulated through years play, may plummet its original value there are game money duplication hacks abuses. the game money value will also plummet the game business suddenly decides provide million in-game money every day, for free, bring new vast majority these inquiries stemmed from user misunderstanding. according the result, the randomization function from game server, that oversees the game logic was running fairly. most the game record related complaints and inquiries stemmed from erroneous memories from user experience. course, there are instances blog service termination where entries are backed transferred another service. however, the user's own entries are most likely only part the blog's user accumulated assets. users. situations such these occasionally occur video game services. thus, difficult determine and maintain the value user's digital assets they are dependent the content providers, difficult consolidate and liable loss outside force. obviously, will also difficult engage trade transaction activities with the assets this nature. this effect demotivates and reduce participation from the users, causing vicious cycle for the content providers due the increased cost securing loyal users, which increases the operating cost, resulting lower service quality, and forth. ... broker transactions digital assets for some content services have trades transactions taking place through brokers, with their value acknowledged the process. mobile rpg games for example, there may brokered transactions game money (e.g. gold, gems), which are purchased from users and then sold others lower price than the in-game shop. highly trade-activated game services, there are specialized brokers who purchase in-game money from users resell. our experience, they usually purchase chips around the in-game shop price, then resell them around for profit. sometimes the scale brokered transactions larger than the sales occurring within the game service itself. however, transaction fraud and excessive fees during the broker transaction processes increase the transaction risks and expenses, while decreasing transaction quality. some malicious broker and traders steal in-game money using hacks and also resell the stolen merchandise low prices. item trading specialty sites have emerged resolve these issues, but there are still fraudulent transactions between buyers and sellers when the transaction process complex, and the transaction fees can steep. review existing projects ... performance and expandability internet-based commercial content services such video game and communities require massive and rapid transaction processing. such, each project that preparing for decentralized application platform taking its own approach resolving transaction performance issues. however, there are also some projects the stone jordan ring was the valued currency diablo but became mass circulated through item duplication. blizzard applied special event system patch called uber diablo means retrieving the rings. the action selling the jordan ring triggered special monsters appear, which had chance drop highly-valued items, which made users sell jordan ring shop. reference about account hijacking https://www.cnet.com/news/no-end-in-sight-to-hacking-of-wow-accounts-/ representative sites include opskins.com, itembay.com, and itemmania.com. that they not show much concern these areas. one such project, claiming blockchain casino service, does not mention whether has sufficient capacity handle hundreds thousands blackjack tables operating simultaneously. game blackjack lasts minute seconds most and new one created right after multiple chip transactions occur during the game, and hundreds tens thousands players can simultaneously generate these transactions. such, sufficient level performance meet such service requirements must secured. ... burdens entering new industry rare see completely ground breaking innovation projects appear the blockchain landscape. most projects that appear the blockchain market currently utilize blockchain technology for incremental improvements, addressing one two existing shortfalls the current system. while there are dozens distinct projects that seek disrupt the current money transfer and payment systems and have result, gained wide recognition and popularity, there are not many famed projects other industries beyond the finance sector. our view, the foremost reason for this that the blockchain industry still its early stages, with yet more time required for the completion projects that are preparing for the fully decentralized application ecosystems. but even considering this, there are other issues that should highlighted. content providers attempting blockchain-based application services cannot help but feel greatly risk. content providers must sufficiently understand the new technology from the initial phase and develop accordingly, but the development tools and environmental support are still insufficient. content providers also feel great deal concern the prospect giving their existing centralized service method and adopting into new environment. for these businesses, utilizing blockchain technology may mean abandoning existing market with hundreds millions users for the multi-year challenge entering small and newly-formed platform ecosystem. the many projects developing blockchain-based platforms must able resolve these issues. not, may long time until the blockchain-based ecosystem fully matures. ... economic systems and monetization for single application ecosystem sustainable, must have beneficial value all members, including the users. many projects are planning for decentralized wallets and payment solutions instead the existing payment modules and credit cards. however, these new solutions alone cannot provide more significant value the ecosystem participants (e.g. game developers and users) compared the apple app store google play. the content provider still needs pay platform commission around and the user does not perceive any difference other than using decentralized payment solution underneath it, will difficult for blockchain-based platform ecosystems become widely adopted and used. such, blockchain projects building application platforms must also consider economic systems that can handle these issues. addition, projects such blockchain-based game services (not ecosystem applications) must consider economic feasibility and monetization. for example, project generates erc- based tokens and provides game that run these tokens, players are burdened with high transaction costs. specifically, there are frequent transactions within fixed commission fee structure, the user's expense burden will grow. for instance, let's suppose there ethereum (eth) based dice game. the two players and with the same participation fee eth) for each player and per round, and they both have the same win ratio, the player who gets the highest number will win both players' participation fee but ethereum blockchain will require transaction fees (gas eth) paid for each round. would eventually make both players lose eth after rounds playing. this simple example does not include the additional service fees that may imposed the dice game provider, which (if included) will increase the burden experienced the user. while this extreme and simplified scenario, there little chance that the user would continue playing this game, and would difficult for such service grow and sustain its business. ultimately, the service provider must concerned about these economic issues and find way resolve them. otherwise, the probability projects such fee ethereum dice game' providing meaningful value potential users will low. but there are projects that not provide clear information these subjects, and seems that significant sums money have been put into these projects with unclear economic feasibilities, noted above. conclusion blockchain takes the existing centralized system and restructures decentralized system. this new technology begins spread, gains wider adoption and improvements are made, the issue raised above will addressed, and the shortfalls early projects will overcome the adaptation stage. our decentralized blockchain base aims ensure the security and transparency transaction activities, creating application platform network which possible protect user digital assets and generate innovations. this will allow the resolution existing issues, while providing solutions that vitalize content service circulation and user participation. call this platform ecosystem 'bora'. course, transaction processing performance issues exist within these types structures, was noted previously. that still the case now, although expected that the performance and expandability blockchain technology will continue grow and evolve. players playing rounds dice game will take maximum min. solution blockchain structure summary define bora blockchain-based platform ecosystem for circulating and stimulating content applications'. various types service providers that deal with content, such video game, social communities and entertainment, can use the bora platform provide their services easily and quickly. the bora platform has been designed with modular architecture that enables independent blockchain execution the content provider. this ensures undisturbed autonomous execution and prevents noisyneighbor issue. users will given unified user experience across the various content services the bora ecosystem. personal identity, account, and assets are will unified and will inter-compatible within the platform. assets and their values accumulated through every content service interaction will compatible and accepted within the platform. above all, the bora platform has the performance and scalability reliably process the amount activities required for these content services. platform layer architecture application layer content provider (application, web) bora application, web service layer policy identification, operating tools, bora api, sdk core layer bora point, bora token manager bora chain bora infrastructure, data network figure bora platform layer architecture ... core layer platform businesses such video games, social communities and entertainment, important quickly apply/remedy changes and bugs the system without causing downtime. also critical for platform provider reliably provide high performance throughput well scalability accommodate large volumes traffic and their dynamic change. however, public blockchains such ethereum currently fall short when comes innately accommodating large volume transactions. this due the transaction processing mechanism scalability, and economic feasibility (gas fee) the ethereum. such high volume traffic can create large overhead and can slow down the entire ethereum network was observed the case cryptokitties. nevertheless, the ethereum blockchain highly useful, currently the most widely accepted blockchain protocol and has huge community base, allowing for future integration opportunities with ethereum based dapps and projects. while have decided utilize erc- the base our blockchain design, had add some innovations our own overcome some the shortfalls ethereum (performance, flexibility and scalability). resolve these issue, will introducing the bora chain, independent modular blockchain that will linked the ethereum blockchain. the bora chain designed ensure speed, scalability, and flexibility while processing mass user traffic and high volume transactions. contents provider user app contents provider voting node voting node voting node voting node voting node voting node app user figure bora chain architecture shown above, each content provider the bora ecosystem will given private independent blockchain based permissioned voting algorithm. this design aims ensure high performance transaction, flexibility, fault-tolerance, and scalability the content provider's side and prevents noisyneighbor issue and disruption during transactions. the bora chain handles the sub-chain role, responding each content provider while fulfilling the ethereum main-chain's transaction processing rate was fully saturated for around days starting dec. this assumed due the effects 'cryptokitties', which was responsible for all ethereum transactions during the aforementioned dates. for example, projects such omisego plan provide white-label digital wallets, allowing the usage decentralized payment and transaction functions without the need independently develop wallet solution dealing various tokens and assets. independent functions. independent sub-chains are assigned and operated individual content provider (application) units. there are several benefits this architecture. first, the massive transactions generated commercial applications the platform can handled reliably and rapidly using distributed processing. second, this architecture ensures level service independence that allows remaining application services within the platform unaffected, even there are critical defects specific application other security/service related issues. bora chain has internal token system called bora point that can only circulated within the platform. smart contracts are executed for this internal token. the internal token (bora point) belongs the platform, and may generated several different ways depending the platform growth stage and business needs. for example, tokens can generated and operated follows: bora-play for game circulation and incentives, bora-community for community operation financing and incentives, and bora-ticket for event generation and management services. content application providers not need generate separate tokens, and can immediately apply the bora point that appropriate for their individual purposes. users are provided with unified asset management environment and user experience. thus, even individual services cease disappear, the existing assets may immediately utilized other content provider services. internal tokens (bora points) within the bora chain are mutually exchangeable with erc- tokens (bora) the ethereum blockchain-based set rules. and bora token holders may easily exchange them for bora point any time use the platform content services. this architecture linked and executed the bora token manager. content providers not need store all service information the bora chain. they can select which information necessary and valuable store the blockchain, and can use the content provider's own database and logs for the remaining information, before. for example, mmorpg game, the user login/logout record, movement from field amount damage dealt monster battle, are information that unsuitable store the blockchain, and the blockchain cannot generate additional value from this. but major results from in-game activity and the user's in-game major asset changes are details that are meaningful store the blockchain. poker player's game results and asset processing information, rare game item's system generation, acquisition, ownership and transaction related information are also good examples. this allows the content provider free from the development and maintenance burden having convert everything into the blockchain, while the same time, reducing the expense the platform ecosystem managing such massive amounts data, turn allowing the user experience pleasant and fair service usage environment. ... service layer the service layer provides development tools (api, sdk) content providers (applications), who want join the platform ecosystem. internal tokens (bora point) within the bora chain may linked and used, and user transactions may recorded the blockchain. this layer also provides bora chain explorer, which externally reviews and audits the information recorded the bora chain. this provides external transparency for bora chain records, allowing anyone verify them. this layer also provides service tools for platform ecosystem operation and management, such user authentication and token transfer. the tools and environment for business operations (such data analysis and monitoring tools) well the policies and rules for platform governance are also included the service layer. ... application layer this layer where the applications content providers joining the bora ecosystem are located, operating while linked the bora platform. the bora platform's own application (bora app) provided here, allowing users view and freely access content applications incorporated into the bora ecosystem. digital asset management and erc- token (bora) exchange functions are also provided the bora app. form ecosystem that grows with its many participants, the bora platform has plans support third party content providers order generate additional content. support available for the creation additional value accessing, using, and processing the various data the bora chain, through the tentatively-named "bora data hub". solution economic system and incentive mechanism design purpose the contents solution have been written from design-centric perspective with the purpose circulating content applications based the blockchain platform. this part, will deal with the structure promoting and sustaining content circulation and user activity through the bora token mechanism and op.gg that uses the api provided riot games provide player record statistics service for 'league legends', and solutions that analyze data based publicly available poker hand histories (e.g. poker tracker, etc.) are some exemplary case studies. economic systems. bora ecosystem that has the form multi-sided platform which both content provider and user participates. thus, have designed economic system and incentive mechanism that benefits all participants, while allowing for free, rational, and sustainable value generating activities. token mechanism the bora ecosystem has dualistic structure, with the token 'bora token' following ethereum's erc- standards, and the internal token 'bora point' based the bora chain. bora tokens may freely traded between users, whereas bora point are tokens for circulation within the platform ecosystem. the internal and external tokens are almost identical terms their technical structure, they are both cryptocurrencies based blockchain technology, but are different that bora point are managed independently within the bora blockchain and may only circulated within the platform ecosystem. bora tokens are initially generated the ethereum mainnet, but bora points are only generated through usage transfer requests already generated bora tokens. token manager play bora point (bora chain) bora point game game bora bora point bora (erc-) bora transaction fee bora point incentive program figure linkage and flow bora token and bora point for example, users who wish play games within the bora ecosystem may change their bora tokens bora points. when transfer request received, the 'bora token manager' generates bora points according the requested amount, and the requested bora tokens are retrieved from the user stored. users can play the game using the issued bora points. users may also transfer held bora points bora tokens any time. accomplish this, the bora token manager retrieves the requested bora tokens from the stored balance bora points and provides them the user. the bora points are retrieved and disappear. further clarify the phrase 'retrieve and disappear,' bora points can seen loan coupons that are only circulated within the platform, and which the value bora tokens provided collateral. the user's request transfer bora points back bora tokens akin the retrieval loan coupon, and the return bora tokens takes place according the value retrieved. theoretically, the amount bora point that can generated through smart contracts will the total supply bora tokens issued the market multiplied the exchange rate bora point. this structure means that the issuance and circulation bora points managed the bora chain are fully controlled bora tokens (the erc- tokens). other words, not only will the bora chain have technical characteristic guaranteeing execution and record keeping based blockchain technology, there also cannot any discretionary engagement individuals specific organizations the issuance and circulation mechanism. such, these specific encrypted tokens for platform circulation are, strictly speaking, different from existing in-game currencies and content service points that may additionally issued, removed, modified policy-wise the sole discretion the operating business. incentive for ecosystem vitalization and growth ... design purpose written above, the design goals for the token mechanism and economic system are generate ecosystem value and sustain growth. this only possible reasonable motivations and expected values are provided basically all platform ecosystem participants (all users, content providers, and platforms). accomplish this, operate the 'bora point incentive program,' and adhere the following design principles. (a) can call platform ecosystem successful possible for participants generate value, and such activities are sustained. (b) 'value' here can determined participant scale and participant activity scale. (c) the number participants increases and the activity participants increases, the volume bora points increases also. (d) the volume increase bora points means that the bora ecosystem will eventually grow. (e) thus, place high value the usage and circulatory activities for bora play, and will create incentive system order promote and sustain such activities. (f) the incentive system not operated the discretion the platform, and its execution guaranteed based the bora chain according pre-defined rules. ... incentive program purpose and expected effect user and activity levels increase, the ecosystem's value becomes greater and more bora points can circulated. some portion the distributed bora points will saved the bora point incentive program, re-utilized resource for platform ecosystem vitalization. saved assets will distributed among the participants ecosystem value generation (users, businesses, platform operators) according the bora platform characteristics. distribution execution and results are carried out according the blockchain and smart contracts, with consistency, transparency, and credibility. these distributed values are beneficial everyone. first, the user will receive incentive rewards based the rational criteria ecosystem contribution from one's activities (e.g. game play, content purchase). these rewards may exchanged any time for bora tokens. this attractive and rational reward the user, continuously stimulating user activity. content providers can utilize bora point incentives originated from the bora point incentive program, variety for additional service resources. this program may used business operation asset increase system reliability, exchanged for bora tokens. this kind financial benefit mechanism can clear motivating factor for content providers continue providing increasing their ecosystem contributions. the service provider also uses the shared platform circulation token (bora points), instilling solidarity and sense responsibility. bora points also allows for value generation through normal activities, reducing the motivation for improper behavior within the ecosystem. ultimately, bora points progressively leads towards better content service quality, and allows for the promotion good faith competition among businesses. the bora platform can also used secure reward pool for ecosystem operations. thus, possible secure healthy and sustainable source working reward pool for ecosystem operations, even dependencies other profit mechanisms (e.g. market commission, revenue sharing) are lowered. this allows for the removal the excessive profit structure from the platform design, which can directly indirectly increase the willingness external content providers participate the bora ecosystem. ... incentive program operation method the bora point incentive program's execution fundamentally guaranteed smart contracts the bora chain. manages: the asset savings, distribution target and rule setting, execution asset distribution, and the balancing bora points within the program that exist result savings and distribution. the reward pool for the incentive program can largely classified into two parts. first, execute bora ecosystem operations, some the distributed bora tokens are converted into bora points and saved the bora point incentive program. this amount becomes the seed for the first incentive program. second, part revenue generated from the platform operation will credited incentive program and used continuous resource. incentives can distributed everyone who participated and was active the ecosystem during set period time encourage greater participation. the aforementioned bora points saved the bora point incentive program are used reward. the method payment target assessment, payment cycle, payment scale, and other issues will made public when operational stability has been secured through future testing and other activities. these will all executed through smart contracts. aid your understanding, here simple example: incentive, the bora point incentive program's balance can paid every week all address accounts that generated bora point transactions according the stake each individual transaction. payment can made each address directly, may incorporate some entertainment factors such mini-games. or, operations can utilize combination the two. bora point's flexible extension architecture the bora platform ecosystem can accommodate various types content providers such video games, social communities and entertainment. each these have different service architectures, monetization models and user environment characteristics, may make inappropriate for bora point operated the sole economics system. for example, the case mobile games, can use the application's own in-app purchase entice players make purchases, but blog services will find difficult charge fees writers; instead may more appropriate provide writing-friendly environment and tools for free. these differences make their economic mechanisms different well. the same when providing services like 'cryptokitties' issuing circulating limited edition celebrity digital avatars. bora point (bora chain) bora token manager boraplay boracommunity bora****** game comm. ****** game comm. ****** game comm. ****** figure bora point's flexible extension architecture bora token (erc-) bora points have flexible and expandable architecture that allow them cope with diverse service environments. bora point the generic term for the token circulated within the platform ecosystem the bora chain, and there may several different types bora points depending the platform operation needs. bora-play will first launched cope with the needs regular game play. subsequently, new types bora points may launched (e.g. bora-ticket, bora-community, etc.) depending the situation. monetization the bora platform can apply monetization model for ecosystem maintenance and growth. various models utilized existing industries will referenced, but appropriate methods will decided rational level that fits the architecture and direction the bora ecosystem. fees for changing bora points bora tokens: within the bora ecosystem, bora points may exchanged for bora tokens any time, the discretion the holder. from the user's perspective, this means change from activity value external market value; and from bio-ecosystem's perspective, this means internal activity energy exiting the ecosystem. perform this change, the requester must pay fixed fee, and the collected fees will used for platform network operations and for supplying the ecosystem's internal energy. fees will also contribute the prevention the abuse and network spam caused meaningless transactions. transaction fees for some large-scale content providers using the bora chain: bora platform ecosystem shared multiple participants. thus, content provider requiring massive transactions (extreme example would facebook) participates, the services ecosystem transaction processing share will increase, which could have negative effects the services other providers. such, will provided for free base level, but fees may claimed from participants requiring transactions that exceed certain level. participants with such transaction fee charges should limited fraction content services. bora platform ecosystem usage cases the bora platform ecosystem will verified through trial services, and the ecosystem participation scale will extended with focus games. thereafter, will expand genre-related business ecosystem that includes game communities, game advertisements and marketing agencies. will also expand nonvideo game genres with similar business structures. token economic systems and incentive mechanisms that are internal the ecosystem will added cope with this expansion. the following are some examples content businesses that can developed using the bora platform ecosystem. games ... play competitive games like 'clash royale' creates value for play through confrontation and competition between players. but boredom and loss motivation play issue, pvp play gets repetitive. give example pvp the rpg genre, players with good results certain mode obtain in-game goods (e.g. gems) through weekly placement rewards other similar methods. the long run though, you need have sufficient statistics increases (e.g. good equipment for higher fighting strength) obtain good results, and the types amount goods rewarded will not sufficient motivators player that already has high stats. the bora platform will provide development tools (bora toolkit for pp) that can applied play. games that apply this toolkit can apply bora points for entry fees pvp play modes, win rewards, and rank rewards for their service. game players will have certain goal and motivation play and obtain bora point rewards from the platform. game providers can maintain their game services oriented for highimmersion players, increasing the game's ltv. ... prize pool event bora platform's event development tool (bora toolkit for prize) can used provide prize pool-type play modes and promotion events various games. for example, action adventure game such temple run, event promotions can held using bora points reward promote user play and entice users return. provider offering texas hold'em poker can hold poker tournament event with bora points the reward for players using free game chips. tournament participation requirements such requisite levels and entry fee conditions can set increase utilization and free chip usage. game businesses will able organize bora points events their free play channels, achieving effects similar the purchase conversion non-paying users. this because free channel players can obtain bora-play through events, which creates the motivation for them transfer the bora points dedicated play channel. ... specialty items some games, there are instances where special types items, items that have value due their extreme rarity, are made available. the bora platform will provide development tools (bora toolkit for items) for these services. these tools can utilized for services selling items like 'cryptokitties', applied mobile baseball game develop and circulate legendary baseball team deck special item. when linked the toolkit provided the bora platform, the item's data such issuance, total circulation numbers, transactions, and item attribute information are recorded and stored the bora chain. service providers will able use the toolkit provide various types special items. users can receive guarantees the item's ownership and value, and they can trade items low risk and low cost environment. information such total number issued and ownership status are transparently revealed, preventing the potential devaluation items additional issuance the service provider's sole discretion. ... item transaction game services (such mmorpgs) that have transaction systems such item auction houses will able utilize the development tools (bora toolkit for trade) provided the bora platform promote item transactions and increase player usage the game. conventional game service architecture, transactions occur trading game items and in-game currencies (e.g. gold, gems). such, players who wanted make profit through item transactions, had use external item transaction sites that were based cash payment. carry out transactions, users had through tedious processes that left them open fraud and item theft, and had pay fee both the transaction site and the game. the other hand, for direct transactions in-game transaction system using bora-play, bora chain and smart contracts provide transaction ease and security the user while reducing the fee expenses. addition, game services can obtain amount bora points fixed transaction fee, allowing them generate profit through direct transaction operations, rather than the indirect monetization method, collecting in-game currencies the fee. user reward program various reward programs are used different content businesses increase customer retention and ltv. unlike e-commerce, difficult for the producers content such games, communities, and videos provide cash-based reward programs, making them mostly dependent online items, item discount benefits other limited reward types that can only circulated internally. content providers will able use the development tools (bora toolkit for rewards) provided the bora platform operate loyalty programs that can linked actual benefits for users. bora points can rewarded new users achieving certain level, building their affinity the service, and vip level based programs can also operated. game community and related business many game players share game information, discuss strategies, evaluate games, and even make suggestions the development team being active communities. generated player's information and sharing activities outside the game not only contribute greatly the game service, but also generate business value independent the game itself. communities where many players gather, are themselves optimal locations for activities such sharing game news and advertisements, recruit testers, gamer targeted preorders and focus group interview (fgi), well marketing surveys. thus, may beneficial reward the activities game community information generators and curation contributors through separate economic system, which where bora-enjoy (tentative name), internal token within the bora chain that differs from the game play related bora-play, can come in. advertisers who wish advertise games within this community space and marketing agencies who wish receive pre-orders before game launch can purchase bora-enjoy support their advertisement and marketing campaigns. this bora-enjoy turn can used for rewards and incentives vitalize the community ecosystem. plan design dedicated internal tokens with economic systems and provide development tools (bora toolkit for enjoy) help accommodate this game external community ecosystem within the bora platform ecosystem. pre-paid gift card countries with low credit card coverage, prepaid gift cards are widely used for digital content. digital content providers, such games, sell prepaid cards that include game money and items cooperation with local mobile phone carriers, sell game payment products directly connection with offline stores such convenience stores. these business types are particularly active southeast asian countries, contributing the digital content business growth and user expansion the region. bora ecosystem can develop 'bora sponsorship program' and provide 'bora gift card' through partnership with overseas regional mobile phone carriers. this case, users can utilize their carrier plan product and the same time, using bora points enjoy games and services within bora ecosystem other service benefits provide. extension non-video game industries when game communities and related businesses are incorporated into the bora platform ecosystem, expansion non-video-game areas (e.g. various topic-based communities and related businesses) becomes possible. communities, advertisement, marketing surveys and other basic mechanisms are similar the usage cases within the game industry. such, plan allow non-game-related businesses use the above-mentioned token economic systems and development tools when joining the bora ecosystem. conclusion the bora chain aims reduce the burden content providers result having privately develop and maintain new blockchain and cryptocurrency network. aims provide service environment with high transaction performance and expandability, while ensuring the independence individual content services. content providers will able use the web interface and api quickly and easily link bora chain, and operate the bora chain efficiently using the operation tools. they can also use the bora token architecture based economic system create new value. users will able enjoy better service environment which reliable information transparently disclosed. the user's digital assets (bora points) longer depend the content provider, and owned and valued the bora chain and the ecosystem platform. the incentive mechanism within the bora ecosystem will promote activity for all ecosystem participants (user, provider, platform), contributing the growth the ecosystem. ultimately, the bora ecosystem aims resolve existing issues face [internet based content services] and provide new opportunities and greater value all participants.