'rewarding the token economy.' white paper june trustless bounty hunting network with staking and token burning based review system for submitted work. join medium twitter and telegram angelo adam angelo@bountyx.io pascal thellmann pascal@bountyx.io deniz dalkilic deniz@bountyx.io special thanks george luke duncan ben chan abstract believe tokenized economy. bountyx.io will advance the vision decentralized future and streamline bounty management accomplishing three keys tasks: enabling anyone host and manage bounty campaigns posting bounties, and disbursing payments bounty hunters enabling users seeking participate bounty program (hereinafter "bounty hunters") search bounty listings, participate said bounties, complete bounty tasks, and receive rewards and payments automating the process reviewing bounty task submissions enabling third party reviewers (hereinafter "bounty sheriffs") ensure the accuracy and quality bounty submissions staking bnty tokens exchange for value. companies utilize bounties means recruit community members complete tasks exchange for receiving reward. currently, the options available for teams seeking have tasks accomplished inefficient. order have bounties completed, startup teams are often required spend time posting forums chat groups order advertise what bounties are available potential bounty hunters. can difficult for users locate which (companies/organizations/icos/entities) are accepting bounties and which have already been completed. additionally, ensuring that all bounties have been completed accurately, and that the user who completes the bounty receives payment the correct address can difficult. the entire process inefficient and time consuming. because the process inefficient, limits the scope and breadth bounties that bounty hosts can outsource bounty hunters. bountyx.io will enable companies and startups accomplish more tasks thanks the help thousands bounty hunters who contributed the project. bountyx.io will one stop shop for bounty hosts and bounty hunters collaborate mutually beneficial arrangement. teams will able easily and efficiently disburse payments contributors who have fulfilled the requirements any bounties using their own native token. verification process and reputation system will built verify that each task was successfully completed before payment disbursed. table contents special thanks introduction vision case study distinguishing bountyx from existing platforms. our solution bountyx meet the players bounty hosts bounty hunters bounty sheriffs bounty types bnty token bnty token distribution values pre sale stats main sale stats token allocation development roadmap expenses management contributions transparency policy development disclosures financial disclosures contact information modules districtx bountyx decentralized governance core team contribution period risks disclaimer appendix introduction the 'old west', the government used post bounties for the capture dangerous criminals. nowadays, bounty program offer made many startups, companies, and entities which enables individuals receive recognition and compensation for performing highly specific tasks. bounties are often used the context online marketing, consulting, research, journalism and software development. bounty programs are also frequently used tool used ico startups. blockchain entrepreneurs raised more funds through initial coin offerings (icos) than through traditional venture capital investments. far blockchain entrepreneurs have raised over bln through ico offerings and even exceeded the funds raised through vc's the months june and july. this will only continue grow and beyond. startups are accordingly relying even more bounty programs conjunction with upcoming ico's accomplish pre-ico tasks. bountyx was conceived districtx proposal and was selected among the top four district proposal. the proposal currently being voted upon order become the next district which will built the districtx platform. the bountyx network will eventually migrate over the districtx network platform when the infra protocol ready, and such time enable dnt token holders stake their dnt order take part bountyx platform governance. bounty campaigns nowadays are highly centralized, which makes them susceptible fraud, highly inefficient and limited scope. bountyx solves these problems with decentralized bounty hunting network and automated review system for submissions. vision the short term, will develop trustless platform where bounty hunters will able receive payment tokens exchange for completing bounty tasks for ico startups. with hundreds new blockchain startups being formed and holding ico's every month, this already very significant market. our ultimate goal increase the efficiency industries that would benefit from decentralized workforce and bounty-oriented reward model. online marketing banner advertisements are losing effectivity due fenomena known "ad blindness". the other hand, influencer marketing social media and blogs exploding popularity. our platform brings influencer marketing the crowd allowing anyone from anywhere, endorse brands through our marketing bounties. software development bugs and security issues are growing pain our digital world. small team developers might miss bug that could potentially disastrous for company. security audit firms charge astronomical sums for their services and companies often want get second third opinion. our platform enables bounty hosts expose their code thousands programmers that carefully analyze and review it. bounty hunters only receive reward they actually find vulnerability. consulting adapting the latest industry trends big challenge for global consulting firms. often involves extensive training their employees and the hiring new ones. this unsustainable process world where industries change accelerating pace. believe that the solution this problem completely decentralize the consulting industry. our platform, bounty hunters can submit improvement suggestions and solutions highly specialized business situations. research governments, corporations and ngo's can set bounties the completion certain research oriented goals e.g. finding cure for breast cancer. case study the following are three use case studies illustrating the shortfalls bounty programs they are presently handled. bountyx offers streamlined bounty management platform which diminishes the opportunity for fraud, expands the scope potential bounty tasks, and enables teams easily distribute rewards and monitor contributions. for bounty hosts. how startups manage submissions today using excel (pictured above). during the status and bancor ico, the two platforms each received thousands submissions bounty contributors. verifying that each bounty was completed successfully and that individual users received their rewards was time intensive. members the status and bancor team sorted through slack channel archives order identify contributors, utilized makeshift system comprised post reactions, and created various spreadsheets containing lists contributors addresses and the amount each contributor was entitled receive. naturally the process was very time consuming, and was susceptible fraud. despite the efforts made the previously mentioned companies, there were still numerous complaints about long waiting times until the bounties were eventually reviewed and moderated, well complaints incorrect distribution tokens once the campaign was completed. bountyx offers bounty hosts better alternative. bountyx not only beneficial for difficulties faced bounty campaigns receiving thousand contributions, but can also useful for smaller programs expecting receive, couple hundred submissions. even few hundred bounty submissions can completely overwhelming for small team. for bounty hunters. how bounty hunters find and participate campaigns today (pictured above). bountyx also solves big pain for bounty hunters. currently, difficult for bounty hunters find bounties that they want participate in. usually, bounty hunters find bounties through word-of-mouth forums. consequently, bounty campaigns only receive fraction the contributions compared there was platform that startups and bounty hunters could use. also, bounty hunters with track records success are unable gain recognition for their prior work and command higher price since there proper reputation system place. genuinely good startup bounty campaigns are unable attract bounty campaign contributors because difficulty locating their bounty campaigns. the present time, bounty hunters spend countless hours searching forums order identify interesting campaigns. thereafter, they must message team members and offer complete bounty related tasks. moreover, the team can not sure there has already been someone assigned complete bounty. can difficult determine which tasks have already been completed, and what tasks are available. furthermore, team members spend countless hours communicating individually with contributors verifying the contributions meet the minimum job requirements and have been completed adequately. distinguishing bountyx from existing platforms. the moment there are existing platforms that enable bounty hosts manage bounty programs decentralized and autonomous way, and bounty hunters receive trustless payment for completing bounties. mentioned earlier, the interaction between the bounty host, and the bounty hunter usually occurs through forums email. all organization the bounty campaign requires bounty hosts maintain detailed excel spreadsheets with payment addresses, and lists bounty submissions. this has proven highly inefficient and time consuming. more importantly, limits the potential scope the bounty campaign. requires companies hire dedicated bounty campaign managers organize and verify all bounty submissions. consequently none the existing platforms solve these problems. have extensively researched whether any the freelancing sites like ethlance upwork could potentially solve the problems that are unique bounty campaigns. the moment bounty hosts and bounty hunters not utilize freelancing sites order manage bounty campaigns because they are not specialized enough meet the demands bounty campaigns. some will draw comparisons between bountyx, bug crowd and hackerone and other sites. the latter are focused cyber security issues whereas bountyx offers support for broader bounty targets and none provide decentralized verification mechanism. our conclusion that current freelance and job platforms are not ideally suited take the task bounty management for main reasons bounty task reviewing system present, there are freelance job sites which enable users perform reviewing service the quality the submissions. bounties receive thousands submissions during the course bounty campaign, this makes them uniquely positioned benefit from automated verification system. payment system bountyx differentiates itself from freelancing sites enabling bounty hosts allocate certain percentage their ico tokens such way that they will automatically distributed bounty contributors upon completion the ico. currently, freelance job platforms don't have structure place that could track the work bounty hunters and later disburse payment once the tokens are transferred from the genesis contract escrow account. furthermore, with the exception ethlance, which focused freelancers, most websites not even support payment erc compliant tokens. finally, few platforms enable management hundred even thousands submissions. individual assistance can very challenging for company decide the mechanics behind their bounty campaign. some the most common doubts are associated with the tasks that should offered and the amount that should allocated rewards. these factors vary greatly depending the nature the company. freelance platforms today are unable provide guidance with regard bounty platform management. the other hand, bountyx there will section the website dedicated educational content educate companies interested holding bounty campaigns best practices bounty campaign. customer needs more personalized assistance, will provide how works section similar seller central amazon, and "how works" upwork. advertising and marketing audience because the fact that bountyx will specifically built for bounty management, will the solution for anyone holding bounty campaigns. today multiple platforms exist for hiring freelancers. bountyx unlike any these platforms specifically tailored towards assisting bounty hosts with the unique requirements associated with bounty campaigns. the moment, other job site enables third party reviewers verify that submissions are completed appropriately allowing them receive payment exchange for doing so. our solution bountyx bountyx are building network enabling anyone post bounty tasks which bounty hunters will able accept and complete. bountyx makes easier for users seeking complete bounties search and accept bounties. the benefit this approach are twofold. first, this allows bounty hosts focus exclusively developing their product, and second, makes easier for bounty hunters find new campaigns join. using the bountyx network, companies, governments, and entities, will have access pool reputable bounty hunters, and verification mechanism ensure the tasks are performed correctly. alpha platform search page (pictured above) the bountyx alpha platform launched october and already has over worth bounties it. bounty hunters can sign-up and start earning rewards. companies start-ups can get touch with contact@bountyx.io post bounty campaign. start-up registration will released the next update. important note that the alpha does not even scratch the surface what bountyx will ultimately become. it's main purpose was test the concept before raising any funds. meet the players bounty hosts anyone can post bounty tasks and set reward for the completion each task. the past, order manage bounty campaign, bounty hosts would need verify that users are legitimate, assign tasks individual users, verify completion each task, determine the payout address the bounty hunter, and eventually disburse payment and resolve potential mistakes which occur throughout the process. with bountyx, companies, entities governments simply sign-up, setup campaign, post new bounty listing which indicates the requirements the bounty and bounty details and payouts. thereafter, users search and accept bounties they seek complete. upon completion, the bounty thereafter flagged for review bounty sheriff, who confirms the accuracy the bounty task. bounty hosts may elect post and hold campaigns for variety bounty tasks. the bounty completion verification mechanism may vary depending the type bounty task that the startup seeks complete. for example, some bounties may verified through automated process, other bounties may verified solely through the bounty host, and still other bounties may verified through the use bounty sheriffs bounty hunters bounty hunters can directly participate any bounty they wish. following search available bounties, bounty hunters can accept bounties, and submit their work directly through the platform. bounty hunters will find reward counter their profile. bounty hunters need manually withdraw the tokens from their bountyx dashboard compatible wallet. bountyx has built-in reputation system enable startups use our platform identify potential candidates hire. every time bounty hunter receives tokens for his work, bountyx will convert those coins into their eth value and rank users based that figure. overtime bounty hunters will build trustworthy reputation for completing work, and will have incentive provide quality work order maintain their reputation, and continue completing tasks the bountyx network order build their reputation score for future bounties. the network will also have leaderboard ranking bounty hunters for each bounty category. bounty sheriffs bountyx will support option enabling bounty hosts verify that bounty campaign tasks have been successfully completed prior disbursing payment. this review role will filled third party reviewers called "bounty sheriffs". anyone will able purchase bnty tokens the open market, and stake their bnty coins order earn badge and become bounty sheriff who authorized verify that bounty submissions are completed correctly. staking bnty and performing correct reviews entitles users payment. bounty sheriff performs incorrect review, portion his staked bnty will burned. bounty types bountyx seeks become one stop platform for bounty hosts seeking launch their bounty campaign. order achieve this, will supporting popular bounty tasks. there will feedback form enabling users submit suggestions for additions new bounty tasks. the bountyx network, bounties are sorted according the following three categories: simple bounties, sheriff bounties and super bounties. this categorization system allows bountyx expand into any imaginable bounty task. simple bounties bounties belonging this category will automatically checked bountyx algorithms and api's. humans are involved the reviewing process. this approach works for tasks that are quantitative nature. sheriff bounties bounties belonging this category will reviewed bounty sheriffs our platform. these users receive reward for performing correct verifications. this approach will used for bounty tasks that are qualitative nature, but that can reviewed non-team members the startup. super bounties private bounties are tasks where the project owner admin decides whether submission will accepted not. this approach will used for highly technical subjective bounty tasks. bnty token mln bountyx tokens (bnty) will minted the genesis contract. bnty will distributed during pre-sale, and main sale (details each below). the bnty token utility token, and has primary purposes the platform: bnty will used bounty hunters how: bounty hunters need stake bnty participate 'super bounties'. super bounty submission rejected, like for example bug report, the bounty hunter will lose portion his staked tokens. bounty hunters also need stake bnty for opening dispute, hunter thinks that bounty sheriff made incorrect verification, can open dispute which will reviewed bountyx admin. the dispute not legitimate, staked bnty are burned. why: 'super bounties' are checked manually team member the startup. therefore, important ensure that all submissions are superior quality avoid wasting the individual's time. incorporating staking mechanism for disputes, bounty hunters are incentivized only open legitimate ones. bnty will used bounty sheriffs how: bounty sheriffs will able stake bnty review bounties. verification performed incorrectly, staked bnty are burned. performed correctly, they will gain additional bnty. why: quality control mechanism. bounty sheriffs are financially incentivized perform reviews correctly. bnty will used bounty hosts how: bounty hosts need purchase bnty which will used for rewarding bounty sheriffs. bounty hosts can also stake bnty for upgrading their bounty listing "trusted" one. why: incentivizes bounty hosts only post qualitative bounties. bnty token distribution values the launch bountyx and the corresponding token creation process are organized around smart contracts running ethereum. the bnty genesis contract will mint total mln bnty tokens. the main contribution period will last two weeks. based the feedback have received from the community, have determined that the crowdsale structure should based the following principles. distribution are seeking maximize contribution distribution. are also seeking enable anyone who wants contribute the token during the crowdsale the opportunity so. the spirit decentralization, want avoid centralization the coin preventing few people holding all the tokens. aim achieve this through variety strategies ranging from the token sale structure, the use bounty campaigns, and community development incentives. also want prevent the token sale from selling out prematurely before everyone who wants participate able so. coin price the price bnty fixed. each bnty will cost during the contribution period and during the pre-sale. that's percent discount for pre-sale contributors. pre-contribution period stats date: for pre-sale whitelist contributors: nov cet until nov cet for everyone: nov cet until hard cap reached. max cap $k. bnty supply for sale. price per token: $.. percent discount relative main sale. main contribution period stats date: for main sale whitelist contributors: dec cet until dec cet. for everyone: dec cet until hard cap reached. hard cap $.mln. bnty supply for sale. price per token: $.. discounts. how participate? pre-sale guide main sale guide token allocation after the main sale has concluded, mln bnty tokens will created. the distribution these tokens follows. pre-sale percent the total bnty supply will sold during our pre-sale percent discount. main sale percent the total bnty supply will sold during the main sale discount. frozen pool percent the total bnty supply frozen for months. the purpose this pool hold future bounty campaigns, balance the natural burn rate the bnty token and for hiring future team members. team percent the total bnty supply will allocated team members and subject month vesting period. first vesting soon crowdsale concludes. advisors percent the total bnty supply will allocated advisors and subject months vesting period. first vesting soon crowdsale concludes. development roadmap automate review process twitter and facebook bounties. add public list upcoming bounty campaigns assign unique url every bounty campaign. allow bounty hosts create bounty campaign. allow bounty hosts unlock extra features our platform with bnty. improvements platform based feedback alpha. allow hunters/sheriff's stake bnty order review and make submissions respectively. add more bounty tasks. add reputation system for bounty hunters. add bidding system for reviewing bounties. start marketing bounty campaigns outside the cryptocurrency space. add additional bounty task types (referral bounty type) greater granularity payouts and managing bounty campaigns. support consulting bounties transition bountyx governance district the districtx network. allow cross-chain compatibility with ethereum/waves support research bounties transparency policy are going follow the example districtx and publicly disclose all information that could some relevance our community. development disclosures weekly updates will published http://blog.bountyx.io and shared across all our social media accounts. our current roadmap can always accessed http://bountyx.io/transparency contact information link our telegram group will always available http://bountyx.io the email address every team member will displayed http://bountyx.io/ links all our social media profiles can always found http://bountyx.io modules bountyx will enable bounty hosts incorporate bounty campaigns with external platforms such github for bounty tasks that would benefit from this integration, like for example security audits. districtx bountyx decentralized governance bountyx will eventually operate completely decentralized dao following the implementation the districtx district creation platform and dxinfra protocol. the bountyx platform will transition into district the districtx platform. staking dnt the bountyx district will entitle users quarterly profit distribution and participate the governance the platform through the associated aragon entity. the bountyx district will the primary location for managing and governing the bountyx platform. believe that bounty hunters should able assist the governance bountyx, since changes made our platform have direct impact them. bountyx district stakers will able utilize the corresponding aragon entity participate the bounty network governance. turning our platform into district key milestone our roadmap. the meantime our district proposal can voted here core team angelo adam co-founder operations attorney. districtx community manager, wetrust freelancer. crowdfunded ethereum. member the digital ledger defense coalition equities trader hedge fund. pascal thellmann co-founder sales, marketing and and marketing the crypto world. contributor cointelegraph. copywriter. previously co-founded successful german ecommerce site. deniz dalkilic co-founder lead developer software engineer thomson reuters. working applied innovation team blockchain/ethereum projects. particular concentrating public blockchains and dapp development via extensive use javascript and smart contracts. advisors uwe thellmann partner aurelius equity sean hoge director venturecoin yuan partner nirvana capital uwe has years experience marketing, finance and sales p&g, danone and energizer. responsible for portfolio companies the consumer goods industry aurelius private equity. sean has been involved the san francisco tech scene for years. was co-founder crossfader.fm, and later served head product nvolv. for his personal holdings ranked the top erc- token holders the world. yuan researcher and investor focusing the blockchain sector. she has advised numerous public companies and blockchain startups during the past few years. cathy tao director symphony sea george ceo wetrust ben chan engineering director bitgo cathy has advised over startups. she cofounded tourboarding, sharing economy startup, which was hired airbnb launch china. george the co-founder and ceo wetrust.io, financial dapp platform. previously with google business strategy and mckinsey co. stanford university alum. director engineering bitgo and has vast experience creating blockchain and wallet platforms. created ether.li the world's first multi-signature web wallet for ethereum. contribution period risks bnty bountyx coins are not securities, equity profit-share mechanisms. coin sale members should understand the risk purchasing coins and read this bounytx whitepaper full before participating. bountyx staff are available answer any questions https://bountyx.io live-chat and contact@bountyx.io technical risk: bountyx bnty contract based the erc standard. all efforts will made ensure the contract free from technical bugs but once submitted the ethereum network, unable modified. contributors should intimate with ethereum and blockchain technology understand these risks. contributors should understand the risks around private key storage and transmission. hackers and criminal intervention: the bountyx contract address will made available via https://bountyx.io. history has shown that sometimes criminal elements attempt take over computer and email servers order trick people into sending money the wrong address. this may include social engineering. bountyx will implement all best practice security measures thwart potential attacks. contributors must make all reasonable efforts and follow all instructions from bountyx ensure they are dealing with the correct contract address. contributors should not use any smart-contract address published outside https://bountyx.io could scammer pretending represent bountyx. buyers should follow all security best-practice procedures directed bountyx. tax regulatory risk the coin buyer must conduct their own due diligence ensure that the jurisdiction they operate complies with all local laws regarding cryptocurrency, tax, securities and other regulations. the bountyx contribution period may the future subject local regulation. disclaimer the site and the services, and all the content, information and materials posted provided through the site the services are provided "as is" and "as available" basis, without warranty any kind, express implied, including without limitation, any warranty accuracy fitness for particular purpose. using the site and/or the services, you agree use your own judgment, caution and common sense managing all content, information, and materials offered and you agree that any use you make such content, information materials your own risk. disclaimer this material provided bountyx. ltd. ("bountyx", the "company"), for informational purposes only, and not offer solicitation buy sell any securities other financial instruments. coins are not intended for speculation and afford the holder rights in, claims to, any the assets bountyx any way share any profits that bountyx may achieve. interested parties acknowledge agreeing the privacy policy, and terms and conditions. this document subject change and must accompanied the previously agreed documents, which remains effect regardless purchase decisions. this paper describes the current vision for the bountyx platform. while intend attempt realise this vision, please recognise that dependent quite number factors and subject quite number risks. entirely possible that the bountyx platform will never implemented adopted, that only portion our vision will realised. not guarantee, represent warrant any the statements this paper, because they are based our current beliefs, expectations and assumptions, about which there can assurance due various anticipated and unanticipated events that may occur. please know that plan work hard seeking achieve the vision laid out this paper, but that you cannot rely any coming true. blockchain, cryptocurrencies and other aspects our technology and these markets are their infancy and will subject many challenges, competition, regulation and changing environment. will try update our community things grow and change, but undertake obligation so. interested parties acknowledge that the bountyx platform, described the bountyx whitepaper, may never fact operate intended. bountyx intended solely mechanism for using the services offered through the bountyx platform. such, the bountyx may have value zero. bountyx bnty are not for speculative investment. promises future performance value are will made with respect bnty, including promise inherent value, promise continuing payments, and guarantee that bnty will hold any particular value. bnty are not participation the company and hold rights said company. all proceeds received company may spent freely company absent any conditions. please read this notice carefully applies all persons who view this webpage. please note that the disclaimer set out below may altered updated, any time whole part the sole discretion bountyx. ("company"). you should read full each time you visit the site. viewing the materials available hereafter may not lawful certain jurisdictions. other jurisdictions, only certain categories person may allowed view such materials. any person who wishes view these materials must first satisfy themselves that they are not subject any local requirements that prohibit restrict them from doing so. particular, unless otherwise determined the company and permitted applicable law and regulation, not intended that any offering the tokens mentioned such materials (the "tokens") the company should made, any documentation sent, directly indirectly, into, australia, the british virgin islands, canada, japan, jersey, new zealand, singapore, south africa, switzerland, the united states (each, "restricted territory") and nor should accessed any person who national citizen resident restricted territory, including corporations, partnerships, other entities created organised any such jurisdiction. the materials are for information purposes only and not constitute form part any offer invitation sell issue, solicitation any offer, purchase subscribe for the tokens any jurisdiction jurisdictions which such offers sales are unlawful prior registration qualification under the securities laws any such jurisdiction. particular, the tokens have not been and will not registered under the securities act amended (the "securities act"), and may not offered, sold, resold, pledged, taken up, exercised, renounced, transferred delivered, directly indirectly, into the united states except pursuant exemption from, transaction not subject to, the registration requirements the securities act. the securities will not registered under applicable securities laws any state, province, territory, county jurisdiction restricted territory. accordingly, unless exemption under the relevant securities law applicable, the tokens may not offered, sold, pledged, taken up, exercised, resold, renounced, transferred delivered, directly indirectly, into restricted territory where would constitute violation the relevant laws of, require registration thereof in, such jurisdiction. there will public offering the tokens the united states. you are not permitted view materials this webpage are any doubt whether you are permitted view these materials, please exit this webpage. basis access the material may only received authorised persons person determined the company, its sole discretion, entitled receive the materials prescribed applicable laws and regulations, for example eea jurisdictions, pursuant exemption under the european union's directive //ec (as amended, including directive //eu), which includes, without limitation, the exemption relating qualified investors ("authorised persons"). access electronic versions these materials being made available this webpage the company good faith and for information purposes only. does not constitute offer of, invitation purchase, the aforementioned tokens any securities. making press announcements and other documents available electronic format does not constitute, shall not deemed constitute, form part of, offer sell the solicitation offer buy otherwise deal the tokens any other securities. further, does not constitute recommendation the company any other party sell buy tokens any other securities. all information provided without any warranties any kind and the company, its employees, officers and/or advisors make representations and disclaim all express and implied warranties and conditions any kind, including, without limitation, representations, warranties conditions regarding accuracy, timeliness, completeness, non-infringement, suitability the tokens for any prospective investor, and each the company, its employees, officers and/or professional advisors assume responsibility you any third party for the consequence errors omissions. the information contained this webpage and documents posted thereon may contain statements that are deemed "forward looking statements". such statements are prospective nature. all statements other than historical statements facts may forward-looking statements. statements containing the words "targets", "plans", "believes", "expects", "aims", "intends", "will", "may", "anticipates", "estimates", "projects" "considers" other similar words may forward-looking statements. forward looking statements inherently contain risks and uncertainties they relate events circumstances the future. users this webpage should not place undue reliance forward-looking statements. the company expressly disclaims any obligation undertaking update revise any forward-looking statements except the extent required law and neither the company, its employees, officers professional advisors make any assurance, representation guarantee that any event referred forward-looking statement will actually occur. unless otherwise determined the company and permitted applicable law and regulation, copies the contents the following pages (including documents posted thereon) are not being, and must not be, released otherwise distributed transmitted into restricted territory and persons receiving such documents (including custodians, nominees and trustees) must not distribute, forward transmit them into restricted territory. the company makes representations that the information contained this site appropriate available for use other locations. the company shall not have any responsibility respect access from territories whose laws prohibit such access where any aspect the content the site may illegal. those who choose access this site from other locations their own initiative and their own risk, and are responsible for compliance with applicable local laws. confirmation understanding and acceptance disclaimer clicking the "agree" button, you certify (both bountyx., its employees, officers and its advisors) that: you confirm that the materials are invitation treat and not offer for any token securities; you are not the united states any other restricted territory; you are not u.s. person (as defined rule the securities act) otherwise resident the united states any other restricted territory; you are not investing otherwise acting for the account benefit u.s. person resident the united states any other restricted territory; you have complied with all applicable securities laws and are able receive the contents the following pages (including documents posted thereon); you represent and warrant that you are accessing these webpages for information purposes only; and you have read, understood and agree the disclaimer above. appendix bitcointalk statistics: https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?action=stats ico funds raised: https://www.cnbc.com////initial-coin-offerings-surpass-early-stage-venturecapital-funding.html