bread: decentralized, financial services platform for everyone. rev. october copyright (c) breadwinner all rights reserved table contents abstract the problems bread solving bread's history and current performance our team our vision for the future bread how will achieve our goal rewards program and token allocations financial and regulatory compliance conclusion references abstract bread embarking journey become the world's largest decentralized financial institution. many our team members have been involved cryptocurrency since the early years, and have watched the rise bitcoin, ethereum, and other decentralized digital assets pave the way for brand new type financial infrastructure. these technologies make possible for users interact directly with their money, instead relying other businesses and entities which can costly and limiting. envision future which money fluid information the internet. consumers are control their own finances, and rely one but themselves keep their money safe. longer can hacker gain access single server and walk away with millions credit card numbers. longer the livelihoods millions people rely banks being able manage their assets properly, weathering the risk embezzlement and greedy investment practices. anything that currently can done through bank, credit card issuer, payment processor will soon doable with cryptocurrency, all the user's own device. with basic smartphone, the average consumer will able receive their salary, pay their bills, take out loan, invest stocks and savings accounts, send money around the world, and make purchases online. this the future cryptocurrencies make possible. bread will turn that future into reality, becoming the largest, decentralized financial institution the world--all without holding customer funds personal data. how does bread make this possible? the core the bread platform are our standard wallet capabilities, which have always been, and will always be, free. this allows our customers receive, store, and send cryptocurrencies anyone, anywhere the world, any time. bread connects directly cryptocurrency peer-to-peer networks, which means users don't rely access their money. bread's corporate entity shuts down our servers are hacked, each user's funds remain safe and protected their own device. outside simply managing cryptocurrencies, bread partners with third-party service providers around the globe allow users access wide range additional services through the bread platform. takes lot time and money set local financial service and become legally compliant, and instead tackling these endeavors directly, bread seeks out quality services that already exist around the world. bread ensures that every service operating legally and meets bread's high quality standards, and regardless how the service operates outside the bread platform, ensure the experience using the service through bread user-friendly possible. simplicity and security are our top priorities. create more value for our users, increase user growth, and support the development bread's global financial platform, are launching the first-ever loyalty rewards program offered cryptocurrency wallet. the bread rewards program will built around the bread token, which users can utilize unlock special perks and discounts the bread app. users will able earn bread tokens through various promotions which are designed increase user adoption otherwise offer value bread. for example, users could rewarded for posting about bread social media, answering simple user survey, simply holding certain amount value their bread. tokens will built ethereum and, like any other cryptocurrency held bread, will remain the user's total control. this gives users the flexibility transfer otherwise use their tokens independently without relying bread, making this very powerful rewards program. the problems bread solving problems: bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies are not easy use, and uninviting new users. there are limited places use your digital assets, and option centrally manage them. most banks not offer any these options today, and are often set nationally, not globally. now that mobile phones are prolific, the opportunity manage one's financial freedom has never been available. the internet and mobile devices permeate the global landscape, see our services becoming ever stronger and eventually offering solution this global problem. bread has security and ease-of-use hybrid approach the "make easy use" problem. our current technology built the foundation the bitcoin blockchain, with this being the most well-known blockchain. bread unhackable that hold money cryptocurrencies behalf our users, and using the latest smartphone security that already lives your mobile device, are truly unique. this the core foundation that has attracted our users for the past four years. important understand that bread holds digital assets, but directly connected the blockchain, giving our users trust and security not controlling their assets. different than our largest competitors, are not exchange. partner with exchanges one the key offerings within bread that believe required truly offer decentralization financial services. solve the instant global money transfer problem for little cost, offer -hour borderless financial access from your mobile device, and are scalable allow billions people access their assets instantly, without the fear being hacked. see massive surge happening the next few years regarding electronic/digital/cryptocurrency money, and are positioning ourselves the middle this disruption. cash already being taken off the market many countries. good example this the usa where the bill being slowly phased out physical money not safe, not efficient, costly manage, painful move, time consuming distribute, and when you stop think about it, completely antiquated. the vast majority global established economies rarely use physical paper money credit cards and other mobile payments have been developed send and receive money, safer, and more efficiently. also, there continued problem poor and underdeveloped countries where government backed banks and established financial institutions penalize the underprivileged who are incapable not given the opportunity have access money. there also massive problem with inflation, specifically countries where printing money outpacing gdp. the general public usually does not see this problem, however, recent years there have been incredible deflations currencies who can not compete with the most powerful state economies. another problem with the current cryptocurrency community lack places use your digital assets and cryptocurrencies. part this happens the maturity the marketplace, and evolution the industry whole. there will doubt many ways use cryptocurrencies, however, bread sees ourselves uniquely positioned take advantage this timing. with the plethora new companies with ideas these regards, company the leader, and are years away from multiple companies emerging gain this market share. there and will probably never better time for bread grow. not only difficult find places use cryptocurrencies, many restrictions and hurdles are place the movement from wallets exchanges stores not currently accepting cryptocurrencies confusing and just not simple for the consumer, thus, rarely used. bread mission change this. when look the world's existing financial institutions, some are experimenting with blockchain technology, some combining efforts with state governments, however none are positioned well enough compete. the entire foundation the current banking system centralized money management and control. the banking partners and service providers that exist today are all feeding off this centralization and control money, wherein the consumer pays fee access their money, waits access their money, and sometimes charged fees for mismanaging their money. bread's fundamental principle not holding money and being directly connected the blockchain will extremely difficult for banks compete the long term. figure (above): overdraft fees are billion annually the usa. credit card interchange fees are billion annually the usa. the above examples show significant total addressable market for the use cases decentralization improving these efficiencies. bread's history and current performance bread was released the first decentralized mobile wallet ios. was the first mobile wallet connect directly the bitcoin network where users' funds are secured directly their device. bread hybrid open source project. the mobile wallets are open source and community-auditable, while the server infrastructure closed source. the early period the bread project the open source wallet combined with our community engagement started building our brand trusted pillar the cryptocurrency community. this provided our initial growth. over and the company was formed, raising its first round seed investment, providing the necessary capital hire developers fully realize the vision fully decentralized financial services hub. bread's android wallet was released after the general availability android the new version android provided similar security model that apple's ios which allowed bread commit the android platform. also saw the first release bread's ability provide bitcoin purchase capability, first offering cash purchases locations through america and later adding ach bank transfers. bread continues work integrations with exchange partners globally enable customers exchange fiat for cryptocurrencies countries outside the usa. our heavy early-on investment infrastructure allows for rapid development and deployment new partnerships. saw bread's team triple size, gaining cmo, cpo, cro, several developers, and full-time designer. our outbound and inbound marketing efforts were started which contributed accelerated user growth. bread's redesign and rebrand (previously breadwallet) were launched september which completely overhauled the user interface, creating much more accessible experience new customers the cryptocurrency space. with the redesign, the information architecture was re-architected providing the natural integration new cryptocurrencies. our first additional cryptocurrency ethereum, with full support coming the months following the redesign release. figure bread has been growing month over month since creation now over total downloads countries. anticipate even faster growth increase our marketing and functionality investments following our most recent round equity fundraising that closed our series (august our team executive team adam traidman ceo, co-founder adam co-founder and ceo bread. previously, adam was ceo wearsens, wearables startup focused monitoring eating habits. earlier his career, adam was ceo chip estimate, acquired cadence design systems. has held variety sales, marketing, management and engineering positions throughout his nearly two decades the hardware, software and internet industries. adam began his career the nasa jet propulsion laboratory and caltech the fields hardware and software engineering. also avid angel investor and part time venture partner with silicon valley venture capital firm. aaron voisine president, co-founder aaron co-founder and president bread. previously, aaron led mobile app development yammer and banjo. aaron was co-founder lightt, popular social video sharing app, which was sold throughout his career, aaron has held variety software development positions prominent silicon valley mobile app and web startups. has strong focus consumer applications designed with the utmost care for simple and intuitive user experiences. aaron lasher cmo, co-founder co-founder and cmo bread, aaron marketing executive with over years experience designing and leading customer-centric research for novo and high-tech products the healthcare and life sciences industries, including cutting edge software applications. has been active member the bitcoin community since and frequently speaks about cryptocurrencies industry events around the world. james macwhyte cpo james started with bitcoin while living japan. was the center the japanese bitcoin industry organizer for the tokyo bitcoin meetup, and soon became cryptocurrency expert. after moving san francisco, james worked coinbase, kraken, and now bread. runs the development roadmap and execution bread's head product. sam sutch cto samuel polyglot developer and designer who has been working silicon valley startups for over years. senior engineer yammer, designed and developed their first suite iphone and ipad applications. after yammer founded lightt, mobile application for close friends and family share moments infinite visual timeline. sam now bringing access censorship-resistant, privacy-respecting currency the world the cto bread. brent traidman cro brent has over years experience leading high impact growth software companies, which many have had successful exits. most recently, brent worked the vista equity partners portfolio where helped drive two exits. brent builds revenue engines and helps develop growth strategies. when not work, helps advise silicon valley venture capital firm early stage investments, and regularly speaks, mentors, and attends global accelerators. scott wiebe cfo scott wiebe has more than years experience cfo and various finance, accounting and senior management roles across multitude small and large companies. spent much his career working for silicon valley companies backed kpcb, dag ventures, the westly group, and deutsche telekom. many these ventures led successful exits under his tutelage. scott spent years venture banking well known banks including silicon valley bank. following that role, became the acting cfo bread. engineering and development adrian corscadden matt davids mihail gutan daniel moore pieter parker kevin ponto daniel staudigel corporate advisors batara eto venture capitalist charlie lee litecoin creator and visionary david johnston entrepreneur and bitcoin visionary shinji kimura serial entrepreneur, investor and founder/ceo das capital pte. ltd. ben davenport entrepreneur and bitcoin visionary mai fujimoto entrepreneur and cryptocurrency visionary note: bread's corporate advisors advise the company technical and strategic plans and are not endorsing any fundraising event token sale, and may may not participating such sale. legal firm accounting firm cooley llp avenue the americas new york, primetax hansmatt ch- stans switzerland our vision for the future bread the same way that uber the largest transportation company that owns vehicles and airbnb the largest hotel company that owns buildings, bread its way becoming the largest financial institution that controls customer funds. while those companies leverage the "sharing economy" provide their services, are leveraging the largest distributed computing platform existence--smartphones and mobile devices--to offer safe and efficient form monetary services. traditional financial platforms have many weaknesses and single points failure. banks and investment firms are subject embezzlement, mismanagement funds, and occasionally complete insolvency which leads catastrophic results. credit card companies have costly overhead and choose distribute loss due fraud all customers equally, which means diligent, careful customers are paying for the mistakes those more careless. until now, there was way for these financial companies operate any other way, because their customers have way access these services directly. bread eliminates all these issues putting our users control their own assets. essentially putting financial services platform the hands every user, bread has eliminated the need manage customer funds order offer these services. through the bread platform, users are able interact directly with third-party financial services, all without giving control their assets. moving forward, bread will add multitude external financial services that users can access directly through the bread platform. users will eventually able through bread what was once only possible signing with number separate financial companies, including storage and transfer wealth; direct deposit salaries and automated bill pay; investment and management stocks, bonds, and digital assets; loans and mortgages; proof credit history; and even future financial services which are yet realized. the advent cryptocurrencies such bitcoin and ethereum, together with the proliferation powerful, always-connected mobile devices, has made possible develop the next generation financial services, which customers are longer the mercy the financial institutions they choose use, and have total freedom interact directly with the global financial market. bread building the first platform make this possibility reality. how will achieve our goal today, bread predominantly used wallet for storing, sending, and receiving bitcoin. connects directly the bitcoin network, meaning completely decentralized and doesn't rely our servers function. also features completed framework for accessing decentralized, third-party financial services. users who choose use these services enter the personal information that required each service, and that data stored, encrypted, the user's own device. the same information requested another service, the user can choose submit the data they already have stored, doesn't need entered again. this way, bread servers are not required for the service function, and even third-party services can added, removed, replaced any time without preventing users from accessing the remaining services. order achieve our goals, will expanding and building upon these features many ways. figure (above): projected four quarter bread product roadmap. ethereum will start adding support for sending, receiving, and storing ethereum and erc tokens. this new wallet functionality will work similarly how our current bitcoin wallet operates, and will allow users interact directly with the ethereum network, while keeping their private keys under their own control. bitcoin offers reliable way store and transfer value, and the first building block towards the new global financial network. ethereum the next step, offering the ability not only fund and invest projects, but also participate the networks and platforms that those investments help create. portfolio management once possible invest digital assets, such erc tokens, and hold them your bread, users will most likely want access powerful tools track the performance their holdings. will introducing robust portfolio management platform, with design similar asset trading and management platforms for the traditional financial industry. while allowing investors see, glance, the performance their holdings, also plan provide way subscribe various information sources, like news feeds the latest cryptocurrency and token-related information and market analysis performed various professionals. premium service, users may also able access information ico presales, even participate presales soon they are announced. additional buy and sell services aim offer the ability buy and sell these assets many jurisdictions possible, partnering with existing cryptocurrency and token exchanges which are each compliant with their geography's laws and regulations. for example, you open your bread japan, you will given access local exchanges and services that are legally compliant and serve customers japan. you then travel germany and open your bread there, you will see the services that are available for use that region. decentralized asset exchange exchanges and other merchant services are important component the cryptocurrency and digital asset ecosystem. however, order establish the framework for the next generation decentralized financial services, will important deploy way for asset holders trade directly with each other, safely and easily. will developing this functionality, which will make possible trade various assets with other users the bread platform, atomically and without requiring either party know trust the other. additional financial services truly allow the bread platform become full-featured, decentralized financial platform, plan offer all the services normal bank would offer, but decentralized way. some these features include direct deposit salary the form cryptocurrency sent straight into the user's wallet, peer-to-peer lending, automated bill pay, and long-term savings accounts. open payments platform each user's bread has the ability store the user's personal information within their own phone, and securely provide that information authorized third parties. saving this information within the user's own device instead storing centralized location, the information cannot stolen company servers are breached, which frequent problem with the way credit card and user data stored today. bread will developing open platform for making this information available outside the bread ecosystem controlled way. users will able securely provide their information merchants services they interact with, either person online, and merchants services will able access the apis required request this information from their users. this gives the benefit allowing users share their saved personal information with those who require it, without needing enter the information repeatedly and through insecure channels. the merchants and services that receive this information also benefit not being required store the information themselves, which reduces their liability the event security breach. user information can also encrypted way that the information can passed through intermediary; for example, merchant could receive encrypted credit card numbers personal information which passed through the credit card processor, without the merchant having the ability view, the liability associated with handling, the user's sensitive data. becoming industry leader bread has regularly participated the development and improvement the bitcoin protocol, and has earned reputation for playing active role the growth the cryptocurrency and digital asset industry. most recently, bread has joined the wc's web payments working group, and will working together with google, apple, and other notable technology companies help define the new payment protocol api implemented web browsers worldwide. all the above functionality will allow realize our vision building global, decentralized financial platform, enabling users access the entire cryptocurrency and digital asset ecosystem. figure (above): the bread platform will grow enable our users the ability use their cryptocurrencies and digital assets common ways such point sale, web payments, and payment protocols. rewards program and token allocations bread introducing the bread token (brd), which will give users access special perks within the bread platform. the token does not offer any monetary benefits associated with securities. the token used within our app and decentralized financial services platform and not tied equity, virtual equity, performance the company. users will able earn bread tokens through various promotions and giveaways. these promotions will designed also benefit bread from marketing perspective. some examples include: answering opt-in surveys through the app. the results these surveys will give valuable insight into the wants and needs frequent cryptocurrency users and bread customers. social media giveaways which rewards users who make the most entertaining, interesting, compelling public posts about the benefits using the bread platform. these posts will increase bread's exposure and attract new users. automatic airdrops users who are frequently active hold certain amount currencies tokens their wallets. this will encourage users choose bread over competitors. in-app discounts and special pricing bread will continue use freemium model, which core wallet functionality for both bitcoin and ethereum completely free use, and additional features can accessed for fee. currently, third-party services offered bread's partners directly through the bread app, such buying and selling bitcoin and ethereum, require the user pay service fee the third-party partner order access their service. additionally, some the new above-mentioned features related token and asset portfolio management developed bread will require subscription one-time-fee access. nearly all these services will have two different price levels: the regular price, paid for bitcoin, ethereum, other currency, and special discounted price the user decides pay for the fees using brd tokens. the value brd tokens will determined the going market rate for the tokens the time purchase. for example, user purchasing amount bitcoin through bread which incurs usd service fee, the user can elect pay the regular fee using usd, they can use brd tokens pay for the fee and, for example, only have pay worth brd tokens calculated the current market value. the benefit the brd price compared the regular price will different depending the service product being purchased. the user will able make this choice the time checkout, and the user chooses pay with brd tokens they will automatically deducted from the user's bread wallet. complimentary access some features which normally cost subscription fee, such the token portfolio management feature described section above, will provided free charge users who hold certain amount brd tokens their bread wallet. these tokens will not locked and the user can withdraw them any time, however the amount tokens held falls below the required threshold, access may revoked. exclusive access other features, such early access token crowd sales, early access new features, special in-app content, other perks, will only available for purchase with brd tokens, will only accessible users who hold specific amount brd tokens their bread wallets, depending the feature. exclusive features might also include perks outside the app, including direct lines communication the executive team, input features that make into the upcoming development roadmap, and networking events reserved for users who hold large amount tokens. token allocations bread tokens have been issued: brd) were sold private presale. brd) were sold the public crowdsale. brd) were retained bread financial and regulatory compliance most existing traditional financial institutions such large banks provide services wide range customers, but are generally restricted small number geographies, more often, one specific country. for example, while one may find branches morgan chase all over the unites states, it's rare find many branches internationally. the reason for this that because banks are custodial and hold their customer's money, they are required compliant with local laws and regulations the jurisdictions which they operate. the cost and time required compliant and therefore accept customers from all over the world cost prohibitive. bread not affected this problem, due our unique compliance model. our strategy has always been seek the best legal counsel available and design business model which naturally excludes from existing regulations and onerous compliance requirements. governments have designed laws and regulations banking protect consumers, and custodial banks are regulated because they hold customer funds and need safely. since not hold our users' funds, not share the same responsibility custodial banks and are therefore not subject the same regulations. never before has non-custodial access financial services been possible, but with the power bitcoin and the blockchain, now is. since bread doesn't hold customer funds, can legally operate around the world without needing comply with local laws around custodial banking. this means simple, frictionless onboarding process when new user downloads bread. registration required; within seconds, you have decentralized financial services platform which only you can access, and which virtually unhackable since not hold your assets. partnering with financial service providers such bitcoin exchanges, can offer their services via our app, and preserve all the benefits afford our users today. when user goes buy bitcoin bread, tap into local bitcoin exchange, legally operated and fully compliant within the user's jurisdiction. our app communicates directly with the exchange's servers via api and facilitates the purchase bitcoin for the user. since the exchange likely required collect certain user information, ask for that information within bread, but instead storing ourselves, only send the exchange whom records for compliance reasons and then processes the user's transaction and the bitcoin appears their bread shortly thereafter. this compliance lite model means that our financial services partners own the burden compliance. it's significant burden exchanges routinely spend millions dollars legal and compliance fees move into new geographies. instead competing with these firms, build top them. accessing their services and making them available our users almost "app store" financial services within bread. further, the fees these partners charge are split with us, enabling monetize our user activity and generate revenue something few wallet companies have been able do, and something started doing earlier this year. such business model allows accept users from anywhere the world, since being non-custodial, are carved out local laws. signing financial service partners various geographies enables wide range financial services, and since don't have burdened with the cost fulfilling the financial service (but share the revenue from fees), can keep our costs low generate better return investment. this business model exactly how bitcoin was meant implemented. distributed, decentralized, trustless and putting the customer control their funds. but there are always risks, based future regulatory decisions and potentially stringent laws. therefore, have secured the services lawyers zurich, new york and other jurisdictions ensure are always operating legally and constantly checking local laws ensure strict compliance. specifically, have retained marco santori, arguably the most well-known and trusted bitcoin blockchain compliance attorney the world, based new york city, working for the law firm cooley. marco and team have validated our status non-custodial monetary institution and that are carved out regulations applicable money services businesses and money transmitters. with this legal guidance, backed one the most respected law firms the world, are confident that our model enables grow globally, provide value added services and fraction the cost traditional banks and even first-generation bitcoin companies. conclusion money has been forever changed. bitcoin unlocked the ability create scarce, digital assets, and have only caught glimpse how this will affect the future value and investing. the "digitization all things" powerful trend that rapidly accelerating, and bread believes that digital tokens are the future portfolio management. traditional custodians are being replaced software facilitators, such bread, who enable the direct control assets, removing the permission risk inherent the system. the blockchain tech stack deep and complex, and requires user-friendly interfaces make digital currencies and assets accessible, usable, navigable, and safe. the future bread bring rich, decentralized experience individuals without the downsides relying trusted third party. removing the trust requirement, we're creating much more trustworthy system that any individual the world can immediately join and benefit from. references figure http://www.pewtrusts.org/en/research-and-analysis/issue-briefs///consumers-need-protect ion-from-excessive-overdraft-costs