brickblock the future stock trading the blockchain v.. brickblock general whitepaper jakob drzazga, martin mischke, holger schlunzen, philip paetz info@brickblock.io abstract brickblock building new blockchain-based solution for investing exchange-traded funds (etfs), real estate funds (refs), passive coin-traded funds (ctfs) and active coin managed funds (cmfs). through the effective use smart contracts, order and issuing fees can reduced fraction traditional costs. this will make investing brickblock more financially inclusive across all income classes. artificial geographical trading restrictions, including the need for bank account, can thus eliminated. counterparty risk can reduced mere minutes. furthermore, are introducing new system passively managed cryptocurrency baskets, which reduces the risks and high fees actively managed coin funds using liquidity providers, incentivized arbitrage effects. our system based underlying rule-based asset allocation rather than high-risk contracts for difference (cfds). uses the asset-first principle, which incentivizes asset vendors deliver assets before getting paid, thus further reducing investor risk. introduction how does brickblock work? present, the crypto-economy possibly one the most volatile economies. investors can make gains one month only lose all the next month. thus far, there have only been limited number ways diversify crypto-portfolios mitigate these risks. real diversification, across multiple asset classes, essential for well-balanced portfolio. brickblock introduces the first platform where users can seamlessly invest real estate funds (refs), exchange-traded funds (etfs), passive coin-traded funds (ctf) and active coin managed funds (cmfs) through streamlined process and with significantly lower costs than traditional investing. each fund the brickblock platform has its own denomination and its own "proof-of-asset" (poa) token which, via established token exchange platforms, can traded simpler, faster and cheaper than conventional stock markets. our asset-backed poa tokens empower investors hedge the risk cryptocurrencies real assets without needing convert their cryptocurrency into fiat currency. all dividends and coupons are automatically transferred token-holders through self-executing smart contracts copyright (c) brickblock.io without permission, anyone may use, reproduce distribute any material this whitepaper for non-commercial and educational use (i.e., other than for fee for commercial purposes) provided that the original source and the applicable copyright notice are cited. the ethereum network. the content the smart contract and the poa token itself unalterable, cryptographically secured and visible everyone the blockchain. ensure the safety the underlying assets represented the poa token, digital trust fund holds the exact same amount fund shares tokens issued. this securities account cannot claimed brickblock, the broker anyone else, and protected strict laws regarding trust funds, even the case bankruptcy. only token holders may reclaim their fund shares, any time. brickblock's infrastructure will implemented decentralized application (dapp) and run the ethereum network. broker-dealers and fund managers will able list their investment opportunities the platform, after being thoroughly verified brickblock through e.g. proof residence, credit reports and criminal record. based their personal risk/reward ratio, investors can then select investment from the offered funds add their diversified portfolio. all fees, minimum investment pools, exchange rates, holding periods, net asset values, dividends coupon payments will listed clearly and thus, can easily compared. all investment opportunities will carefully validated and audited independent parties (such []) eliminate fraud. brickblock the future stock trading the blockchain v.. market analysis trade local governments. furthermore, vastly different tax structures penalize worldwide investors. current problems the market ... ... high volatility cryptocurrencies are extremely volatile and, due their limited acceptance the traditional economy, investors have almost options disperse their risk. money has three important properties: serves store value, medium exchange and unit account. currently, cryptocurrencies are primarily used store value. the use cryptocurrencies medium exchange and unit account still very early stage. this means that there are limited options escape the volatility its value. present, the only real way out reconvert into fiat currency. ... counterparty risk when the counterparty does not possess the necessary funds assets settle trade, this known "counterparty risk", also "default risk". traditional asset trading, clearing and settlement processes take three days. the first day, broker makes deal with the counterparty the basis trust. based this trust, the broker then makes countless other trades that all depend the first trade actually being settled. the second day, the clearing house logs the price, amount and payment method the assets into its network. only the third day, two days after the actual trade, does the settlement and the exchange delivery versus payment (dvp) actually occur. safe possibility crypto basket investments date, secure and easy way invest cryptobasket with full market exposure exchange for single token exists. one must trust fund manager allocate the assets and not take advantage their position; there legally binding contract between investors and fund managers. indeed, there are agreed-upon verification processes for fund managers any form regulation. investors are solely dependent trusting that fund managers spend their funds how they said they would. how does brickblock addresses current problems? ... high volatility enabling the direct purchase real-world assets, such etfs and refs, with ethereum, are offering simple way hedge against volatile cryptoportfolios with low beta asset classes. beta [cov(r, )]/[stddev(k ))] ... counterparty risk using the blockchain for clearing and settlement processes, brickblock reduces counterparty risk exposure from multiple days less than minute, more precisely: the length few ethereum block confirmations.[] ... high costs and complexity conventional stock trading ... high costs and complexity conventional stock trading trading fees, broker-assisted fees, account maintenance fees, account transfer fees, selling fees and commission fees various stages are standard costs consider when buying real-world assets through retail broker. addition the complexity determining which costs apply which assets, minimum fees apply that make investing small amounts unprofitable and exclude lower income groups from participating the market. percentage-wise, user that can only invest etf pays significantly higher fee than professional trader investing think this unfair and want level the playing field here. through high degree automation, blockchain technology and the use smart contracts, are able bypass number third parties, such clearing houses and retail brokers. this allows reduce the fees associated with buying and selling real-world assets down fraction traditional retail brokers. depending the country purchase, the specific asset and the investment amount, brickblock able offer -fold discount the initial purchase price. the asset then subsequently sold token exchanges, this discount can easily increase -fold. in-depth comparison brickblock fees vs. traditional broker fees available our blog.[]. ... trading restrictions ... trading restrictions highly complicated even outright impossible for private investors buy etfs refs some countries due insufficient connectivity worldwide exchanges. investors need expensive bank broker accounts and are severely limited their freedom bank account needed trade global etfs and refs since geographic borders apply. this enables brickblock offer the cheapest etfs and refs worldwide and the most economical way order execution. brickblock the future stock trading the blockchain v.. ... safe possibility crypto basket investments for actively managed cmfs, brickblock will enter legally binding contracts with fund managers, verify them thoroughly and implement cryptographic audit structure. we, not the fund managers, will commission independent auditors prevent any potential conflicts interest between fund managers and auditors. for passively managed ctfs, rule-based fund indices conjunction with the arbitrage phenomenon foreign exchange (fx) markets are leveraged obviate active fund managers and decentralize trades toward liquidity providers. therefore, human error minimized. market review the past years, many token-funded startups have announced the development financial tools help traders and investors diversify within the cryptocurrency market. this section, are going examine several these projects and highlight possible improvements. however, the purpose this not devalue the competition, merely seek illustrate our motivation for developing our own solution, i.e. address these problems. have the highest respect for everyone that sincerely trying move the crypto-community forward and deeply believe that there enough room for many innovative players this field. ... taas taas stand-alone, closed-end crypto-fund. its whitepaper states that they have built cryptographic audit system with ambisafe []. users are able track the trades taas their website. could not find any details about this system besides the trade records, which are made public subpage []. from investor's perspective, however, there legal contract between the user and taas, which carries potential risks. ... melonport melonport open source protocol (initially based ethereum and currently development) that aims simplify the process developing portfolios different cryptocurrencies for investors. fund managers, the other hand, can easily select what cryptocurrencies they want buy. comparison taas, the melon protocol, executed safely smart contracts, will eliminate the trust aspect. however, far could interpret from the green paper [], mostly based contracts for difference (cfds) for non-erc tokens and coins. since investments can only made melons eth, users are heavily dependent the stability these two tokens. if, for example, fund manager purchases certain volume dash [], actual dash tokens are being held the user. from investor's perspective, this means that there potential risk not receiving the equivalent value dash the melons eth collateral cannot cover the gains losses. ... shapeshift's prism prism also based ethereum. the user and counterparty both deposit equal amount eth into prism smart contract, which serves collateral and therefore also contract for difference (cfd). the user bets, for example, bullish bitcoin and the counterparty bets bearish bitcoin. this all works well eth the users' domestic currency. however, if, the case for most investors, fiat currencies (like usd eur) are the users' domestic currency, then one could actually lose money. one could lose money even they predicted the correct market movement bitcoin, because the user's collateral will always eth regardless the price. the other hand, the user's profit capped gains, because prism's collateral matches the user's. thus, one were bet eth dash and dash tripled price, the maximum gain would not eth but only eth. ... digix the best our knowledge, are the first platform build the necessary infrastructure tokenize etfs and refs. the most comparable start-up date, however, digix []. digix, which currently development, tokenizes real-world asset: physical gold. after depositing eth into smart contract, new dgx token created and the asset vendor delivers the gold custodian. auditor then regularly verifies whether the gold still possession the custodian. the last whitepaper could find, seems that digix's asset vendors receive investors' funds before investors receive their gold. for example, great amount gold bought bearish crypto-market, the vendor either has lend the money and wait until the audit completed receive investors' funds the vendor receives the payment advance, which constitutes potential risk for the buyer. ... proof suite proof suite focusing developing blockchain tools for tracking real-world assets. their whitepaper, they present the benefits for companies and governments replace existing systems with proof suite. they are trying reduce bureaucratic procedures and make transactions more efficient. nevertheless, any other cryptocurrency offered shapeshift's prism brickblock the future stock trading the blockchain v.. they rely change occurring within companies and the legal acceptance their technology. thus, two parties were trade real estate with proof suite and one the parties decided sell the same real estate another party the traditional market, legal problems accure. who brickblock for? difference existing projects significantly lower the costs investing refs, etfs, cmfs and ctfs through cutting out the middlemen and pooling investment volume, create steady returns the form dividends and coupons, hedge the systemic risk heated market, clarify fees, tracking errors and liquidity, minimize bureaucratic overhead, empower everyone invest directly global funds every market, regardless where funds investors live. ... legal enforceability claims brickblock enters legally binding contract with every fund manager and every broker-dealer. contrast direct and trust-based investments fund managers, this adds additional layer security for investors. the brickblock platform, every fund manager has direct liability the investor, which enforceable through legal action. private investors most importantly, brickblock will help private investors diversify their portfolios beyond cryptocurrencies and tokens, reducing the overall risk. addition other benefits, this helps: ... full market exposure institutional investors believe that cfds and other derivatives rely too much trust and moderate price trends. the world cryptocurrencies, where flash crashes and price movements single day are regular phenomenon, consider cfds suitable instrument for mid- and long-term investments. thus, brickblock only allows physical shares, commodities and currencies instead betting derivatives. brickblock will help institutional investors invest their funds diversified digital currency portfolio without having worry about holding multiple wallets and handling multitude exchange platforms. ... escrow-backed security for investors and brokers (asset-first principle) brickblock's smart contracts will only release investors' funds the broker-dealer after the broker-dealer transfers the assets the digital trust fund. this represents new way conducting clearing and settlement. through automated smart contracts, the broker-dealer receives the investors' funds immediately after transmitting the assets. initially, until new broker-dealers trust brickblock's asset-first smart contracts, brickblock will deposit the investor's funds escrow collateral. therefore, smart contract does not activate, the broker-dealer can claim the escrow. fund managers ... real estate fund managers real estate fund managers are responsible for variety tasks. some the most important which are: supervising real estate acquisition; evaluating consultants, appraisers and property managers; designing financial models and formulating asset allocation strategies. the traditional system, fund managers must pay enormous provisions banks sell their funds customers, which only possible the fund large enough. for smaller funds, which cannot afford pay for distribution, their only chance maintain all investor relationships themselves. this represents significant competitive disadvantage, since this costs significantly more time, which then cannot spent increasing the rentability the fund. brickblock enables immediate global distribution, reducing fund costs, increasing profitability, lowering fund managers' workload and overall, leveling the playing field. ... connecting old and new economy brickblock builds bridge from the traditional investment world into the digital realm. are leveraging existing infrastructure enable faster adoption this new system. all brickblock transactions are legally accepted and enforceable court law. believe transition from old new best achieved building bridges, not burning them. ... coin managed fund manager coin managed fund managers, either professional social, gain platform for advertising their past performance and attracting new investors. coin managed fund managers can freely set their management fee structure and have brickblock legal and trustworthy entity whom they can contract. brickblock brickblock the future stock trading the blockchain v.. interested productive professional relationships and will help fund managers establish the initial management structure. furthermore, brickblock will work with third parties pro-actively reduce potential legal and cyber security risks associated with the responsibility being fund manager. the platform tradeable assets brickblock after choosing fund, the user deposits the payment into smart contract. the smart contract controls all fees, minimum investment pools, exchange rates, holding periods, net asset values, dividends coupon payments. therefore, depending the asset class, there are three different scenarios. broker-dealers broker-dealers, sometimes also referred "market makers", are liquidity providers traditional stock exchanges. most large institutional etf block trades not take place exchanges, but over-the-counter (otc) and are not visible the public. this especially the case for illiquid exotic etf underlyings. contrast the immediate execution exchanges, broker-dealers prefer asked for the price specific products and quantities. they prepare all background hedging and internal risk exposure analyses before quoting and executing order. the quoted price often better than the bid ask offer exchanges. the digital trust "request for quote" (rfq) issued the smart contract can parsed and tokenized variety industry standard formats, such fix ensuring compatibility with existing processes and legacy integrations. brickblock acts single counterpart against the broker-dealer. this simplifies compliance and set-up processes for broker-dealers. brickblock will assist broker-dealers with dedicated e-wallet application programming interface (api) solution. the focus radically reduce operational costs and enable delivery versus payment (dvp) support, including crypto-payments. compliance costs (e.g. maintenance segregated accounts), onboarding, settlement and know your customer (kyc) processes are also included, where applicable. the key that broker-dealers are free focus the core business. broker-dealers profit increasing their trading volume securities, and brickblock improves the liquidity the crypto-economy. commercial paper issuers brickblock will help issuers enter the crypto-economy integrating existing asset management legacy infrastructure and messaging standards for both issuance and distribution. there strong incentive conventional paper issuance move toward lower cost distribution models and reach international marketplaces. ... real estate funds (refs) investing real estate comes with major diversification potential, depending both the users' foreign exchange (fx) exposure and tax domicile. our platform will enable fund managers list real estate projects with high potential and help users easily discover interesting opportunities. each project will carefully audited independent parties minimize fraud. real estate funds (refs) are actively managed fund manager. depending its underlying focus, the fund manager acquires certain volume real estate certain cities, countries continents across the globe. real estate has two growth functions. first, there the value the real estate itself, which may potentially grow over time. second, real estate produces steady income the form rent, which distributed its shareholders via smart contracts re-invested new real estate, depending user preference. choosing fund, users can influence the frequency distributions and other factors such costs and fees, area investment, net asset value (nav) and minimum investments. brickblock will start with european refs and subsequently extend into more locations. after the processes for refs are established, will further broaden the investment scope also include real estate investment trusts (reits) and real estate crowdfunding. ... exchange-traded funds (etfs) exchange-traded funds are interesting store value for many investors. unlike actively managed funds, the fees and costs are significantly lower since etfs passively track rule-based indices like the s&p the nikkei the dax exchange-traded funds can also track commodities like gold and silver and have the advantage being offered nearwholesale prices without minimum purchase amounts. exchange-traded funds outperform the returns most actively managed funds that invest company shares and enable investors diversify their portfolio, even with very little capital. choosing their preferred etfs, investors can actively decide which brickblock the future stock trading the blockchain v.. figure etf/ref: user's buying process markets invest and spread their risk across different geographic locations and industries. brickblock will start with the etfs that track global indices and will then inquire after the community which etfs implement next. brickblock will establish connections with and request quotes from different broker-dealers based past pricing performance. this guarantees the best execution orders. ... coin managed funds (cmf) actively managed cmfs provide projects like taas the opportunity offer their funds the public. fund managers can manage investors' funds selecting specific cryptocurrencies, day-trading, taking profits out diversifying portfolios and the active distribution funds. conversely, users can decide which strategies and fund managers trust. each project will carefully audited independent parties significantly minimize the risk fraud. ... coin-traded funds (ctf) brickblock offers passively managed ctfs and tracking rule-based indices designed fund managers and community members. one these could top cryptocurrencies market cap ctf. the index would include the top cryptocurrencies weighted market capitalization. since passive ctf currently exists, are introducing system based passive etfs, explained section further, separate non-profit organization (npo) set up; leading members the crypto-finance community are invited join improving the system and standardizing processes. technical setup the following framework describes the underlying technical processes. our platform will developed dapp top the ethereum blockchain. the dapp will guide users through all the investment steps. all ethereum transactions relevant brickblock will additionally backed our own blockchain, with only one public node for security reasons. ... real estate funds (refs) and exchangetraded funds (etfs) figure displays the detailed process investing real-world assets such refs and etfs. after choosing asset class, either ref etf, users can select fund based their investment preferences. users will informed about fees, frequency distributions, areas investment, current net asset value (nav), minimum investment volume, performance track record. once users select fund, they will asked deposit the desired investment amount into smart contract. minimal creation size helps reduce transaction costs and decouples the poa tokens from the nominal value the fund. after reaching the mini- brickblock the future stock trading the blockchain v.. mal creation size, the broker-dealer places fund order. the purchased securities are then deposited into digital trust fund the broker-dealer. simultaneously, the custodian the digital trust fund issues cryptographically signed electronic document confirming the receipt assets. this document verified the smart contract ensure that the brokerdealer's order matches the user's order. the orders match, the smart contract treats this proof that the broker-dealer's obligations are properly fulfilled. the smart contract subsequently releases the user's deposited funds the broker/dealer, and poa token the user. this token serves proof assets. the digital trust fund only allowed hold the securities for the actual beneficiary the poa token. poa token holders want sell their assets, they can sell the poa tokens token exchanges like etherdelta, idex, withdraw the securities from the digital trust fund any time after going through kyc process provided the bank. dividends coupons are issued the fund, the custodian the digital trust fund will send these proceeds the selfexecuting smart contract, which will automatically allocate them the respective token holders. ... active coin managed funds (cmfs) coin managed fund managers will able offer funding campaigns our platform and manage funds investing different cryptocurrencies. cryptographic audit infrastructure will thoroughly verify every new individual through, inter alia, proof residence, credit report and criminal record. furthermore, all trades will recorded and stored safely. users can choose between: fund managers who use secured accounts users' funds are transferred secured accounts trustful exchanges, where withdrawal functions are blocked. users then receive poa tokens exchange for their funds. through the use secured accounts, the risk fraud and private key loss are minimized. fund managers who use unsecured accounts for digital assets that are not traded over common exchanges, the fund manager receives the users' funds from the smart contract into unsecured account, controlled the fund manager. users again receive poa token exchange. this case, the legal contract between brickblock and the fund manager protects users from fraud. case any irregularities, brickblock able enforce users' claims through legal action. the crypto-backed poa token represents the invested funds actively managed fund manager. the fund manager diversifies the received funds into various other cryptocurrencies and tokens. fund managers can choose from different fee structures: percentage gains, percentage funds man- aged fixed fee. users can then choose fund manager based compliance with their desired fee structure and risk/reward ratio. after predetermined trading time window, funds are transferred back the smart contract, which then forwards them the users' ethereum wallets, minus the fund manager's fees. ... passive coin-traded funds (ctfs) the ctf concept maps the efficient etf mechanism onto the blockchain. ctf smart contract that tracks underlying index crypto-assets closely possible. the holdings the digital trust fund, the form crypto-wallets, are stored cold storage custodian. this necessary because ethereum smart contract currently cannot reliably handle automated transactions with other blockchains. ctf provides both creation and redemption basket, necessary for creating and redeeming tokens. the composition these baskets helps rebalance the funds' holdings according the underlying index. the user first decides whether buy the token via exchange trade using the creation mechanism. the trading process the investment process for passive ctfs similar investing refs and etfs. figure illustrates the process flow detail. users can choose between different indexing methods designed fund managers. the index the basis for the ctf composition and determines risk and performance. brickblock will support users providing ctf factsheets with holdings, past performance and tracking quality the ctf. figure ctf: user's buying process the creation process prevent trading and therefore, trading fees inside the ctf, utilize liquidity providers (lps). the lps hold poa tokens their account and sell them exchanges. furthermore, lps can create and redeem tokens from the fund. figure illustrates the process flow detail. tokens are created sending the components specified the creation file the custodian and the correspondent wallet addresses. the correct basket delivered the wallets, automated message sent the ctf smart contract and the poa token released. liquidity providers help minimize the running brickblock the future stock trading the blockchain v.. costs trading and rebalancing inside the fund and take advantage arbitrage effects the market. the ctf fund accepts cash redemptions (paying out eth for poa tokens), existing poa token holders are charged for the resulting trading costs and thus, penalized. therefore, lps receive the assets the redemption basket return for the poa token and must manage the trading themselves. rather than buying poa tokens via exchange, users are allowed use the creation mechanism long they hold all necessary assets. however, for unprofessional users, more convenient buy already created tokens token exchanges. tokens for creating new poa tokens. the creation/redemption file released the ctf smart contract. underlying indecies are the heart the ctf. the ctf tries track the index closely possible without tracking errors differences. the methodology and rules the index are designed fund managers index providers. these rules can marketcap oriented, factor momentum strategies. every blockchain asset can included within the index. custodian the custodian holds the different crypto-wallets cold storage. the transactions are automatically sent the ctf smart contracts, which confirm receipt the correct creation basket. tokens figure ctf: user's creation process all ctf-relevant entities are listed below: users/investors select which ctf invest and can trade poa tokens token exchanges. moreover, users are allowed create tokens sending "creation unit" the ctf smart contract and receiving poa tokens the same value return. liquidity providers (lps) are the center the creation and redemption process poa tokens. they have the right redeem poa tokens against the fund's holdings. reduce trading within the ctf and save transaction fees, the redemption units are consolidated into blocks tokens. like users, lps can create tokens delivering the creation basket the fund (the custodian wallets). exchange, they receive the same value poa tokens. the lps act market makers exchanges. properly fulfill this role and react timely manner, the lps hold poa tokens their own accounts. lps act buffer between the investor and the fund. the number lps for one ctf unlimited. coin-traded fund smart contracts seek replicate the index closely possible. they publish the creation and redemption baskets daily basis. the baskets describe the assets necessary create new tokens, those which the lps receive when poa token redeemed. the creation and redemption baskets are designed adjust the assets the underlying index. creation/redemption files describe the creation basket. the composition the coins there are three types tokens, all which implementing the erc token standard []. detailed information about volume, distribution mechanism and the price tokens will released separately ahead the contribution period. brickblock tokens brickblock tokens will only released during the contribution period exchange for eth and bitcoin. the brickblock tokens are stored special smart contract, the brickblock token holder will receive certain amount access tokens per week until the brickblock tokens are withdrawn from the smart contract. access tokens broker-dealers and fund managers need access tokens list their fund the brickblock platform and pay market-determined brickblock fees when refs, etfs, cmfs ctfs are sold. the access token then burned. brickblock will determine the amount access tokens based supply and demand. brickblock incentivized establish the amount access tokens needed such way positively influence the usage the platform, while still making profit. all access token holders can act competitors brickblock and sell their access tokens broker-dealers and fund managers the open market. brickblock cannot increase fees without risking decline the number trades conducted the platform and cannot decrease fees without reducing its own profit. proof-of-assets (poa) tokens for etfs and refs, poa tokens represent real-world assets the form securities. for cmfs and ctfs, brickblock the future stock trading the blockchain v.. they represent claim coin funds secured trading account the custodians' wallets. users receive poa token return for every fund which they invest, which represents legally enforceable claim the underlying assets. conclusion and vision brickblock inclusive investment platform that empowers people from all income classes diversify their crypto-portfolio with real-world assets like etfs and refs. will provide legal frameworks directly link these assets our poa tokens. furthermore, brickblock will lead the development passively managed ctfs, well offer actively managed cmfs. brickblock, strongly believe that digital currencies are the future. the monetary system and the financial services industry are extremely old-fashioned and ripe for disruption [?]. still takes days for international money transfer crawl through the swift network, originally created [?], and still takes days complete clearing and settlement processes asset-transfers. present technology far more advanced than the heavily outdated regulatory frameworks sluggish banks. various members the brickblock team have spent several years working professionally conventional asset management and understand the processes and issues trading and settlement. the asset management and global custody ecosystem highly complex, extremely cost intensive multitude ways (execution, reconciliation, allocation settlement etc.) and exceptionally exclusive. our mission change that. believe that including more people the global economy and enabling them invest their money however they like, everyone will win: investors will pay significantly lower fees, have more options hedge volatility and risks that accompany the digital economy and bypass unfair local jurisdictions. furthermore, trusted brokers/dealers and fund managers will obtain entirely new group financiers, and underfinanced companies and industries will gain access new capital. incumbent banks neither have the ability nor the incentive free themselves from the burden the status quo. they lack vision. any attempt innovate would meet with disapproval from the board. us, the crypto-community, use the aspiring blockchain technology eliminate the faults the old economy and develop tools which make simple, affordable and safe access the instruments currently reserved for the financial class. us, create system that gives everyone access real-world assets and participate prof- iting from global economic progress. matter where and matter you have bank account not. us, make trading, clearing and settlement with any kind assets easy and secure transferring bitcoin. you are interested shaping the future investing with us: are always looking for talented people help making the crypto-world better, safer and more inclusive. get touch. glossary access token: access token used brokerdealers and fund managers pay the platform service fees. brickblock token: brickblock token received the contribution period and the only way generate access tokens. broker-dealer: broker-dealer entity that trades securities for its own account behalf its customers. broker-dealers are often marketmakers and authorized participants the etf market; they act liquidity providers exchanges. cfd: "contract for difference" allows traders speculate the movement asset price without owning the underlying. buyer and seller devise contract exchange the difference the current value the underlyings. cmf: "coin managed fund" the cryptoequivalent actively managed investment fund, where the portfolio manager chooses the fund's investments. ctf: "coin-traded fund" the crypto-equivalent etf; passively managed basket different cryptocurrencies. ctf constituents: the constituents ctf are the holdings the fund. creation basket: creation basket the exact list assets that need sent the ctf create poa token. creation file: the creation file contains the details the creation basket. custodian: custodian holds the assets for fund. the assets (cash and securities) fund must maintained the cash/securities account opened the name that fund. dapp: "decentralized app" application that runs predominantly the blockchain. dvp: "delivery versus payment" securities settlement procedure which the transfer the securities and payments occur simultaneously and party holds both the same time. erc token: the erc token widely tradable token that implements the erc standard. brickblock the future stock trading the blockchain v.. etf: "exchange-traded fund" investment fund traded exchange, which passively tracks rule-based index. lp: "liquidity provider" provides liquidity for proof-of-asset tokens exchanges. the can create and redeem ctf tokens against the portfolio holdings. nav: the "net asset value" the current value the fund holdings divided the number shares. the nav therefore, the price one the fund's shares. the nav calculated daily basis fixed time. otc: "over-the-counter", within trading context, means that the trade not executed exchange, but privately dealer network over the phone. poa token: "proof-of-asset" token represents real-world asset the form securities or, the case ctfs, the right coin funds certain secured trading account ref: "real estate fund" invests directly commercial and residential property. most refs focus specific type assets (e.g. luxury housing) region (e.g. europe). reit: "real estate investment trust" company that, most cases, owns and operates income-producing real estate assets. some reits provide loans the owners and operators real estate. rfq: "request for quote" describes the process sending standardized quote requests select brokerage firms. the quote constantly updated and the processing can fully automated. smart contract: smart contracts are computer protocols that have fixed if-then relations, therefore facilitating contract design and enforcement. references https://blogs.wsj.com/moneybeat////ethereumsflash-crash-shows-hazards-of-tradingcryptocurrencies/ http://www.fixtradingcommunity.org/pg/structure/techspecs https://www.justetf.com/uk/news/passiveinvesting/the-proof-that-active-managers-cannotbeat-the-market.html https://github.com/ethereum/eips/issues/ https://www.forbes.com/sites/ciocentral////isthe-financial-services-industry-ripe-fordisruption/#eeaf https://www.swift.com/about-us/history disclaimer: this brickblock whitepaper for information purposes only and subject change. brickblock does not guarantee the accuracy the conclusions reached this white paper, and this whitepaper provided "as is". brickblock does not make and expressly disclaims all representations and warranties, express, implied, statutory otherwise, whatsoever, including, but not limited to: (i) warranties merchantability, fitness for particular purpose, suitability, usage, title non-infringement; (ii) that the contents this white paper are free from error; and (iii) that such contents will not infringe third-party rights. brickblock and its affiliates shall have liability for damages any kind arising out the use, reference to, reliance this white paper any the content contained herein, even advised the possibility such damages. event will brickblock its affiliates liable any person entity for any damages, losses, liabilities, costs expenses any kind, whether direct indirect, consequential, compensatory, incidental, actual, exemplary, punitive special for the use of, reference to, reliance this whitepaper any the content contained herein, including, without limitation, any loss business, revenues, profits, data, use, goodwill other intangible losses. https://www.ey.com/ https://etherscan.io/chart/blocktime https://medium.com/@brickblock/brickblock-willlead-the-way-in-making-investing-more-financiallyinclusive-around-the-world-fd https://taas.fund https://taas.fund/media/whitepaper.pdf https://www.ambisafe.co https://ca.taas.fund/wallets/dashboard https://www.melonport.com https://github.com/melonproject/greenpaper/blob/master/melonprotocol.pdf https://www.dash.org/blockchain-explorers/ https://info.shapeshift.io/blog////introducingprism-worlds-first-trustless-portfolio-market-platform https://www.digix.io https://dgx.io/whitepaper.pdf https://www.proofsuite.com