whitepaper bridge. identity, secured. release pg. table contents abstract........................................................................................................................................ initial coin offerings ................................................................................................................ problem statement ................................................................................................................... the bridge protocol .................................................................................................................. solution for icos ........................................................................................................................ solution for legal processes ................................................................................................. marketplaces ............................................................................................................................ bridge tier storefront ........................................................................................................... distribution mechanism ......................................................................................................... conclusion ................................................................................................................................ important notices ................................................................................................................... pg. abstract the bridge protocol open, distributed network trusted machines and users promoting behaviors, standards and enforcement mechanisms provide real-world value and application. the system facilitates ability for users deploy business processes that comply existing standards and regulations. our private blockchain will provide secure processing assets, with aim guarantee trusted execution using smart contracts, eventually backed real-world regulatory compliance the nation which they occur. the system will comprised trusted virtual machines, providing user accessible functions for enterprise-grade business operations. the bridge protocol corporation will begin issuing digital identities permit individuals and businesses engage securely and freely, while building extensive real-world trust networks. early identities will centrally issued and managed the company promote trusted and stable foundation the protocol. for wider adaptation and versatility, this management system will allow self-sovereign identities recognized and managed. the first service offered the protocol tier flagging these identities, which coupled with contract logic developed the bridge protocol corporation, will allow for initial coin offering (ico) have auditable knowyour-customer (kyc) information ensure regulatory compliance. pg. initial coin offerings recently, smart contracts have been used for icos, more commonly known token sales. these tokens usually conform standard (e.g. erc/erc, nep-), which allows them offered for sale and traded variety online platforms. the global adoption ico fundraising structures has led explosion new capital formation which has outpaced both the seed and venture capital investment markets. icos have raised billion (usd) date; alone, ico funding surpassed billion (usd). unfortunately, some icos have provided inaccurate, and some cases, fraudulent claims while attempting raise funds. naturally, this has attracted the attention regulators many countries around the world. there are two kinds tokens sold ico: utility tokens and security tokens. utility tokens are used access services assets, which are themselves, often based smart contract technology. the purchase utility token akin purchasing the rights use software product. these tokens are like in-game currencies pay-per-use software-as-aservice (saas) offerings. general rule, tokens representing the sale products are exempt from the securities act the united states, provided they not constitute "investment contract" defined the howey test: "in other words, investment contract for purposes the securities act means contract, transaction scheme whereby person invests his money common enterprise and led expect profits solely from the efforts the promoter third party, being immaterial whether the shares the enterprise are evidenced formal certificates nominal interests the physical assets employed the enterprise." (sec howey co. n.d.) the resultant token deemed securities offering, token issuers need ensure that sales comply with all applicable securities laws run the risk severe penalties. contrast traditional securities offerings, the general public still does not have good grasp the products and technology underlying icos. securities regulators are still developing rules for this space and regulatory bodies have temporarily resorted issuing warnings. ico investors are cautioned about the investment and enforcement risks icos well issuers, who are still subject pg. securities laws. regulators are applying increasing legal scrutiny towards token sales ensure compliance. due lingering enforcement stay within compliance securities laws, some icos have cancelled their offerings after discussions with regulators, while others face the risk and follow through with their icos. problem statement private businesses and legal groups are aiming create standards procedure for initial coin offering, defining the "right" way transact between participants and token issuers. the bridge team and their consulting experience with projectico have noted concepts that would benefit from having token sale, but are prevented due financial obstacles and lack knowledge. the existing legal groups possessing expertise this space charge for corporate structuring and general counsel for upcoming token sales. though these firms are aiming create higher standard, bridge believes has done the opposite and created unnecessary cost barriers, restricted many entrepreneurs, and lined attorneys' pockets. the creation the simple agreement for future tokens (saft) was modeled off prior securities agreements precautionary measure, but doesn't solve some the underlying problems which revolve around know-your-customer (kyc) identity verification and cost. traditional kyc has cost our clients from verify basic identities, which then need re-verified each individual ico. data exchange this manner cumbersome and raises the risk consumer data being compromised. many ico teams are using in-house computer systems store participant's confidential data, while providing limited protections whatsoever. addition, these processes are still using traditional business models, systems and fees. until now, companies this space have failed utilize the blockchain protect their customers and reduce fees. pg. the bridge protocol the bridge protocol corporation implementing microservices architecture for business applications that uses the blockchain for management activities relating smart contracts, services and general logic processing its network. microservices-based architecture will promote continuous development applications available the protocol, consistently enhancing service granularity provide robust marketplace for businesses. through this principle, bridge will create environment where crossblockchain interface development can take place and rapidly deployable, modular and trusted. the corporation will operate certificate authority blockchain. the protocol designed provide identification services that have high assurance, portability and broad application. this first service offered will foster growth the bridge marketplace and address those issues previously highlighted this document. the neo blockchain has been chosen for its observance existing standards and the development potential offers bridge establishing public key infrastructure (pki) for its userbase. the neo blockchain will support set internet engineering task force (ietf) compatible digital identity standards, well providing blockchain-based online certificate status protocol (ocsp) manage and record the certificate revocation list (crl). the bridge protocol will contribute this development and further these efforts implementing certification path validation algorithm build the trust network through intermediate authorities, business applications can realized vast scale. the bridge identity management system (bims) will issue certificates observant formatting standards, while providing extensions (application policies, key usage, etc.) allow for application logic developed and utilized processes run bridge's blockchain. these pg. certificates will issued for use real persons, machines and "virtual persons." bims provides interfacing for personal identity verification (piv) compatible hardware platforms, allowing for application integration and use microservices provided through the marketplace. the bridge protocol provides bring-your-own-key (byok) interface allow for user ownership keys, data, and processes. these methods will allow for wider adoption the network for individuals and organizations. focus commercial off-the-shelf (cots) hardware encryption modules opens the network and its services cost point much lower than traditional offerings. merging with existing infrastructure also possible and encouraged through this approach. solution for icos bridge will aim reduce legal costs and improve verification assurance. this will occur through digitalization compliant standards for deployment icos. bridge certificate will created and users will begin network integration selecting preferred verifier service the marketplace. through key usage extensions recognized the bridge identity management system, tiers are assigned the certificate. signed and ready for use the network, accessible icos based incorporated logic contract whitelist participants; the tiers act immediate gatekeeper and layer assurance all parties. our chain will never see hold any the user's data. verifiers must comply the protocol, which governs approval standards listed the marketplace. data, viewed collected (where necessary), destroyed the verifier. this ensures all personally identifiable information (pii) standards and data management quality can upheld. user's now have digital tied blockchain that acts their digital pen, and much more. your identity recorded, immutable and portable within the neo smart economy. credentials are pg. maintained bims near real time. certificate renewal will vary depending tier levels and regulations for groups like accredited investors. example under rule (c), general solicitation regulation offerings; accredited investors must certified within the prior months and determination made status. the bridge certificate authority will maintain compliant public key infrastructure order guarantee high assurance its network. bridge will initially designate attorneys and trusted third parties audit microservices where needed. cooperation between these trusted third parties and bridge corporation, will initially used release smart contract services and make changes overall architecture. these trusted third parties will represented through their hardware security devices (smart cards, usb tokens) which are given access administrative rights. our ledger will show regulators clear audit trail the transaction and verified identity based our standard. the bridge standard will follow united states anti-money laundering (aml) know-your-customer (kyc) standards. example: john wants participate "token sale" that requires kyc process and they ask for lot his personal information. instead submitting his private information random person entity, shares his bridge public key address from his bridge wallet for the whitelist process. the token sale owners will then use bridge tokens verify the public wallet address from john and ensure that links john's basic information given the whitelist. john then signs the participation document with his private key, creating legally trusted and binding agreement. this will keep john's sensitive data secure and offer better solution than currently available. the verifier knows immediately which tier the participant has been classed based extensions embedded their portable certificate. this eliminates the manual process currently done for kyc and offers easy way safely participate multiple whitelists. pg. think this "thawing" your credit before purchasing home vehicle. this will allow consumers and businesses comply with standards set international scale, while putting data control the hands the user. having crowdfunding campaigns neo comes with inherent thresholds launch smart contracts and this acts base layer for vetting, but the community has asked for compliance platform. decentralizing and protecting user data coupled with aml/kyc procedures will position new icos neo higher, more regulatory compliant standard. bridge will create the one whitelist, one kyc standard for access many icos. solution for legal processes there are businesses with fundamental issues that can solved with implementation verification protocols and the blockchain. the legal process can benefit with these verified identities and recognition their sovereignty, provide new avenues trust. during the dot-com era, technological innovations brought change the legal processes and traditional big firm business models. this resulted reduction fees that benefited the consumer. our system the next phase cultivation emerging technology which will continue this trend benefitting the consumer. will create marketplace that supports new legal services for token sales, wills, employment agreements and much more. this process will keep documents consistently evolving and updated new regulations and legal changes. the contributor the legal process will rewarded with the native token bonus for producing new microservices. the marketplace will not limited though, auditors can propose and drive development for any business community need. pg. community participants will also able solicit legal consult certified auditors and attorneys. participants will able see background the auditor and their licensed states practice law. our tokens will used payment legal teams and for processing microservices. bridge will connect software developers and legal experts platform that conducive collaboration and community benefit. remaining compliant with current laws through varying nations will challenge. regulations like general data protection regulation (gdpr) europe require that users' data must removable, portable and secure. put simply, there requirement that data must only kept for its original purpose and not for any time thereafter. while true that blockchains create immutable ledger, bridge only uses this for historical record while all personal information remains fluid. gdpr only one example where our tier concept can utilized for individual and enterprise compliance solutions that add quantifiable value. marketplaces the bridge ecosystem revolves around microservices marketplace. personal identity verification and legal microservices are the first storefronts that will available. service providers will able request digital storefront after vetting process from the bridge corporation and trusted third parties. bridge protocol standards must adhered order accessible storefront. identity storefront: this store will the hub for issuance certificates and kyc services for digital identities that are used the marketplace. legal storefront: this store sells legal services and applications. the user will easily able customize products offered fit their needs. pg. developer storefront: this store provides the needed connection between coders, legal experts and users. bridge tier storefront the company storefront will offer its first microservice for kyc process integration the neo smart economy. bridge tiers will compromised non-sensitive and vague user traits that will sufficient for kyc compliance while not being uniquely identifiable individuals. not only will identity tiered and sensitive information kept off the chain, but bridge will give users power securely transact with their own encryption when necessary. tiers: tier this tier includes information like name, address, date-of-birth, payment behavior, email. tier these tiers will include all prior tier items but will require more sensitive information like social security number, driver license, passport government issued identification. this will the tier that most users will want adhere to. this allows participation icos and signing legal agreements. bims will able process basic information about identity, i.e. user over years old, country origin, etc. this done ensure sensitive information never seen. tier special accredited investor status. participants that are purchasing offerings that only sell security tokens using saft for accredited investors will want receive this tier. our verifiers will process documents from attorneys and/or cpas certify accredited status. credentials will expire unless recertified every three months this tier due rule (c). upon expiration, reclassification automatically occurs tier pg. distribution mechanism the iam nep- token minted through neo smart contract. one billion tokens will minted and none thereafter. these tokens will then divided into two portions. the first portion million tokens distributed supporters during crowdfunding. the second million managed the bridge corporation support development, operation and maintenance. the close the token sale, million this portion will locked for months. bridge plans use iam tokens follows: million immediately unlocked for bounty programs million motivate developers, attorneys and auditors participate the ecosystem million will used cross-invest other projects, which are partnership with the corporation and used enhance the bridge ecosystem and create new microservices million will retained contingency use token sale proceeds: blockchain microservice development marketing operations r&d bridge smart contract moratorium preserve the project and protect token sale contributors there will mandatory six month moratorium selling iam tokens for all founders and advisors. this policy will built into the smart contract for total transparency. will also burn all tokens not sold the token sale. pg. conclusion the bridge protocol the first step ensuring compliance the blockchain. addressing immediate business use cases with tangible digital solutions, bridge corporation will offer trusted token sale (ico) templates and better kyc processes for participants. our microservices will reduce regulatory scrutiny and reduce compliance costs, while offering high assurance products through storefronts that will designed serve communities needs. pg. important notices please carefully read this section and the following sections entitled "disclaimer liability", "no representations and warranties", "representations and warranties you", "cautionary note forward-looking statements", "no advice", "restrictions distribution and dissemination", "no offer securities registration" and "risks and uncertainties". you are any doubt the action you should take, you should consult your legal, financial, tax other professional advisor(s). the iam tokens are not intended constitute securities any jurisdiction. this whitepaper does not constitute prospectus offer document any sort and not intended constitute offer securities solicitation for investment securities any jurisdiction. this whitepaper does not constitute form part any opinion any advice sell, any solicitation any offer the distributor/vendor the iam (the "bridge protocol corporation") purchase any iam nor shall any part nor the fact its presentation form the basis of, relied upon connection with, any contract investment decision. the distributor will affiliate bridge inc. ("bridge"), and will deploy all proceeds sale the iam fund bridge's cryptocurrency project, businesses and operations. person bound enter into any contract binding legal commitment relation the sale and purchase the iam and cryptocurrency other form payment accepted the basis this whitepaper. any agreement between the distributor and you purchaser, and relation any sale and purchase, iam (as referred this whitepaper) governed only separate document setting out the terms and conditions (the "t&cs") such agreement. the event any inconsistencies between the t&cs and this whitepaper, the former shall prevail. regulatory authority has examined approved any the information set out this whitepaper. such action has been will taken under the laws, regulatory requirements rules any jurisdiction. the publication, distribution dissemination this whitepaper does not imply that the applicable laws, regulatory requirements rules have been complied with. there are risks and uncertainties associated with bridge and/or the bridge protocol corporation and their respective businesses and operations, the iam, and the bridge token sale (each referred this whitepaper). this whitepaper, any part thereof any copy thereof must not taken transmitted any country where distribution dissemination this whitepaper prohibited restricted. part this whitepaper reproduced, distributed disseminated without including this section and the following sections entitled "disclaimer liability", "no representations and warranties", "representations and warranties you", "cautionary note forward-looking statements", "no advice", "restrictions distribution and dissemination", "no offer securities registration" and "risks and uncertainties". disclaimer liability pg. the maximum extent permitted the applicable laws, regulations and rules, bridge and/or the bridge protocol corporation shall not liable for any indirect, special, incidental, consequential other losses any kind, tort, contract otherwise (including but not limited loss revenue, income profits, and loss use data), arising out connection with any acceptance reliance this whitepaper any part thereof you. representations and warranties bridge and/or the bridge protocol corporation does not make purport make, and hereby disclaims, any representation, warranty undertaking any form whatsoever any entity person, including any representation, warranty undertaking relation the truth, accuracy and completeness any the information set out this whitepaper. representations and warranties you accessing and/or accepting possession any information this whitepaper such part thereof (as the case may be), you represent and warrant bridge and/or the bridge protocol corporation follows: you agree and acknowledge that the iam not constitute securities any form any jurisdiction; you agree and acknowledge that this whitepaper does not constitute prospectus offer document any sort and not intended constitute offer securities any jurisdiction solicitation for investment securities and you are not bound enter into any contract binding legal commitment and cryptocurrency other form payment accepted the basis this whitepaper; you agree and acknowledge that regulatory authority has examined approved the information set out this whitepaper, action has been will taken under the laws, regulatory requirements rules any jurisdiction and the publication, distribution dissemination this whitepaper you does not imply that the applicable laws, regulatory requirements rules have been complied with; you agree and acknowledge that this whitepaper, the undertaking and/or the completion the bridge token sale, future trading the iam any cryptocurrency exchange, shall not construed, interpreted deemed you indication the merits the bridge and/or the bridge protocol corporation, the iam, and the bridge token sale the distribution dissemination this whitepaper, any part thereof any copy thereof, acceptance the same you, not prohibited restricted the applicable laws, regulations rules your jurisdiction, and where any restrictions relation possession are applicable, you have observed and complied with all such restrictions your own expense and without liability bridge and/ the bridge protocol corporation; you agree and acknowledge that the case where you wish purchase any iam, the iam are not construed, interpreted, classified treated as: any kind currency other than cryptocurrency; debentures, stocks shares issued any person entity (whether bridge and/or the bridge protocol corporation), rights, options derivatives respect such debentures, stocks shares; units collective investment scheme; units business trust; derivatives units business trust; any other security class securities. pg. you have basic degree understanding cryptocurrencies, blockchain-based software systems, cryptocurrency wallets other related token storage mechanisms, blockchain technology and smart contract technology; you are fully aware and understand that the case where you wish purchase any iam, there are risks associated with bridge and the bridge protocol corporation and their respective business and operations, the iam, and the bridge token sale (each referred the whitepaper); you agree and acknowledge that neither bridge nor the bridge protocol corporation liable for any indirect, special, incidental, consequential other losses any kind, tort, contract otherwise (including but not limited loss revenue, income profits, and loss use data), arising out connection with any acceptance reliance this whitepaper any part thereof you; and rights under contract for differences under any other contract the purpose pretended purpose which secure profit avoid loss; all the above representations and warranties are true, complete, accurate and non- misleading from the time your access and/or acceptance possession this whitepaper such part thereof (as the case may be). cautionary note forward-looking statements this whitepaper may contain certain forward-looking statements including, but not limited to, statements future operating results and plans that involve risks and uncertainties. use words such "expects", "anticipates", "believes", "estimates", the negative these terms and similar expressions identify forward looking statements. such forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors which may cause the actual results, performance achievements the bridge and/or the bridge protocol corporation differ materially from any future results, performance achievements expressed implied those projected the forward-looking statements for any reason. advice information this whitepaper should considered business, legal, financial tax advice regarding bridge, the bridge protocol corporation, the iam, and the bridge token sale (each referred the whitepaper). you should consult your own legal, financial, tax other professional adviser regarding bridge and/or the bridge protocol corporation and their respective businesses and operations, the iam, and the bridge token sale (each referred the whitepaper). you should aware that you may required bear the financial risk any purchase iam for indefinite period time. restrictions distribution and dissemination the distribution dissemination this whitepaper any part thereof may prohibited restricted the laws, regulatory requirements and rules any jurisdiction. the case where any restriction applies, you are inform yourself about, and observe, any restrictions which are applicable your possession this whitepaper such part thereof (as the case may be) your own expense and without liability bridge and/or the bridge protocol corporation. persons whom copy this whitepaper has been distributed disseminated, provided access who otherwise have the whitepaper their possession shall not circulate any other persons, whitepaper reproduce otherwise distribute this whitepaper any information contained herein for any purpose whatsoever nor permit cause the same occur. pg. offer securities registration this whitepaper does not constitute prospectus offer document any sort and not intended constitute offer securities solicitation for investment securities any jurisdiction. person bound enter into any contract binding legal commitment and cryptocurrency other form payment accepted the basis this whitepaper. any agreement relation any sale and purchase iam (as referred this whitepaper) governed only the t&cs such agreement and other document. the event any inconsistencies between the t&cs and this whitepaper, the former shall prevail. regulatory authority has examined approved any the information set out this whitepaper. such action has been will taken under the laws, regulatory requirements rules any jurisdiction. the publication, distribution dissemination this whitepaper does not imply that the applicable laws, regulatory requirements rules have been complied with. risks and uncertainties prospective purchasers iam (as referred this whitepaper) should carefully consider and evaluate all risks and uncertainties associated with bridge, the bridge protocol corporation and their respective businesses and operations, the iam, and the bridge token sale (each referred the whitepaper), all information set out this whitepaper and the t&cs prior any purchase iam. any such risks and uncertainties develops into actual events, the business, financial condition, results operations and prospects bridge and/or the bridge protocol corporation could materially and adversely affected. such cases, you may lose all part the value the iam token. pg.