whitepaper btu [booking token unit] protocol open protocol for decentralized bookings vidal chriqui, herve hababou vidal@btuprotocol.com herve@btuprotocol.com labs march nd, version abstract our mission create open source standardized decentralized booking protocol along with reference implementations that can leveraged participants industries such hospitality, travel, finance, healthcare, retail, automotive and more. the booking token unit (btu) protocol building block for any decentralized application (dapp) web site willing implement booking features for their end-users. this standard also brings interoperability among decentralized applications that incorporate it. the btu protocol being standardized erc- and requires the use the ethereum-based btu token the purpose the btu token incentivize proper behaviors such rewarding successful bookings and enforcing late cancellation and no-shows policies. all applications implementing the btu protocol would benefit from hybrid approach that combines on-chain smart contract and off-chain software components, providing more scalability. finally, transparent and public inventory enabled open-source protocol would considerably lower the entry barriers into the online booking markets. table contents introduction impacted markets general impacted market example hotel booking the btu protocol definitions specification and sequence steps anti-spam broadcasted message format booking infrastructure the res smart contract motivation coverage definition and workflow specification the standard interface erc- reference implementation protocol token the btu token governance btuips btu improvement proposals forks token function btu infrastructure scalability considerations roadmap first use case hotel booking description involved parties architecture simplified process description conclusion references introduction all booking platforms, believe that centralization has led imbalance where online platforms are gaining more power over the actual service providers who bear the operational costs and investments. digital network effects are preventing existing players from operating free market. result, service providers are experiencing high commission fees ranging from those fees are paid the centralized "winner takes all" booking platforms. other issues with centralized booking platforms include, but are not limited loyalty points are platform service specific, end-user confidential information risk large-scale hacks, complementary services offered are limited. with blockchain networks emerging new global infrastructure, have the opportunity create vastly different power structures. public inventory and open protocol lower operational costs while allowing fair competition between higher number market participants. impacted markets general first, the internet was thought lead disintermediation many industries. twenty years after the dot-com bubble, new type intermediary "internet platforms" dominate these industries. internet platforms have provided superior value propositions end users terms convenience, price performance. but they have also benefited from powerful digital network effects due the very nature the internet technology. the centralized platforms have exploited this market power win all, and eventually collect higher and higher returns. our blockchain-based booking protocol can benefit any industry that relies reservation process and where centralized players have become the dominant participants. since decentralized platforms foster the adoption more transparent practices, should encourage healthier competition. should then alter the walled-garden content policy place and encourage new wave developers deliver innovative and open services, leading better functioning markets. array markets could benefit from the above. for instance, our protocol could used book many the following services hotel and apartments; offices, studios and warehouses; cars, flights, jets, trains, buses, yachts and ferries; tours, holiday packages, cruises and museums; shows, sports, events and restaurants; medical and well-being appointments; tests, photographers, guides, caterers, car repair ... innovative offerings could built that enable the booking bundled services. our protocol industry independent and easy implement, existing players one industry may able offer new services their existing customers (cross-sales). that what platform envelopment strategy suggests where second entry path required, that does not rely schumpeterian innovation. this strategy has been documented thomas eisenmann, the howard stevenson professor business administration the harvard business school, the platform envelopment working paper see ref impacted market example hotel booking the hotel booking sector was one the most impacted industries the start the internet revolution. now highly concentrated oligopolistic market, with herfindahl index above have found excellent first example use case the btu protocol. indeed, two online travel agency ("ota"), namely expedia and priceline are dominating the market due market forces only possible with the current state the internet well extensive consolidation (acquisitions). expedia now owns expedia.com, hotels.com, homeaway, hotwire, orbitz worldwide travelocity, traveldoo, trivago, venere, wotif group, carrentals.com, classic vacations and elong.com. priceline now owns booking.com, kayak, priceline.com, agoda.com, cheapflights.com, ctrip.com (partially), momondo.com, opentable.com, rentalcars.com and rocketmiles. economic theory predicted that leading ota would increase their fees and that these costs are split between consumers and hotels according the relative elasticity supply and demand. this exactly what happening. september accorhotels' ceo sebastien bazin explained the business issue facing large hotel operators: think all the big hotel companies the world, have the same market cap booking and expedia together, billion. they probably have together employees. all together have over million employees. weakness. appears weakness, which why they have much value the stock market because they have better agility, less volatility and better free cash flow". however seemed agree could hardly without these ota. "it's more and more costly, tougher the acquisition new client because booking and expedia have better reach new clients. you accept pay more because they give you client you cannot have otherwise." still, the hotel industry europe (via the hotrec trade association) trying fight back alerting the e.u. and requesting new regulation enforced. its latest position paper ref that recommend reading, includes screenshot proofs problematic issues. hotrec claims have identified over the past years several unfair practices oligopolistic platforms, which are putting pressure and increasing the fragility the european establishments (composed micro-enterprises). they also note that the power narrow access gates the online market has resulted uniformed contracts, and several market practices which are considered unfair such platforms dictating their conditions and influencing consumers choices opaque manner. the detailed mechanisms how two otas ended controlling the u.s. market and how they use this position command outrageously high fees are very well documented this july article from benjamin edeman @bgedelman http://www.benedelman.org/publications/ota-bias-jul.pdf benjamin edelman associate professor business administration the harvard business school where studies and teaches about the economics online markets. winner the prize game theory and computer science from the game theory society for "the best paper the interface game theory and computer science the last decade". his bottom line that ota practices drive costs for both hotels and consumers. some his arguments are summarized here but highly recommend reading the article consumers are unaware the hundreds dollars ota fees, even more their hotel booking budget, due the ota market structure. consumers choose these ota sites part result billions dollars spent advertising. expedia the st-largest advertiser the u.s., just behind pepsi, spending estimated billion and travelers perceive cost booking through otas and have had little reason seek out the "cheapest ota" think about ota fees all. priceline and expedia have adjusted their pricing and rules extract higher payments from hotels including auctioning off the top positions search results. other ota controls more than the ota market. the hotel industry remains fragmented and smaller hotels, especially, cannot oppose fees that have increased otas have merged and gained market power. otas have incentives bias results, including bias results towards hotels that pay them greatest commissions, and demote the hotels that insist lower commissions. when small property requested lower fee, the ota had every reason decline, knowing that customers would unlikely miss that property. independent hotels pay dearly for the favored placement they receive, more than they spend physical plant, maintenance, cleaning. when some hotels have offered lower "members only" rates their own sites, otas changed the sequence search results (e.g. placing subsequent pages results), changed color schemes deemphasize these hotels, withheld standard promotional text removed photos these hotels previously uploaded the ota. search bias deceptive. consumers have reason expect properties sorted based fees paid while otas indicate "recommended" properties default. search bias perpetuates the expectation that prices are the same otas and directly. hotels risk end competing not offer low prices high quality consumers, but instead competing offer the highest commission otas. this discouraging hotels from soliciting direct bookings. moreover otas have taken steps impede hotels' efforts become more self-reliant. multiple hotel chain marketing managers reported that otas rejected their requests for contract terms preventing otas from bidding their own hotel names. result, when user searches for affected hotel, the user sees ota advertisements. corrective disclosure necessary put consumers notice actual practice. once consumers begin direct booking earnest, the change might virtually irreversible. reasonable inquiry should examine ota internal emails they might reveal other practices intended mislead consumers, penalize hotels that seek reduce marketing costs, otherwise fall short applicable standards. much agree with ben's brilliant analysis the market, not think regulation alone could solve the issues outlined above timely fashion. actually, april the european commission and ten national competition authorities (belgian, czech, french, german, hungarian, irish, italian, dutch, swedish and uk) published coordinated report competition the online hotel booking sector with the objective assess the effects the antitrust enforcement measures adopted recent years this sector. the detailed report can found here: http://ec.europa.eu/competition/ecn/hotel_monitoring_report_en.pdf the results are unconvincing that the european competition network has had "keep the online hotel booking sector under review". believe blockchain innovation could called the rescue. decentralization, openness and tokenization would lower the cost entry and enable new market entry strategies. this where the btu protocol can help. the btu protocol definitions reservation process involves least parties components provider, booker, booking infrastructure and the res smart contract. provider the provider entity providing its own resource third-party party resource booked booker the booker entity that books the resource for itself third party booking the booking infrastructure the public "location" where providers can infrastructure "post" resource availability data and where these resources can reserved bookers. the booking infrastructure facilitates signaling between providers and bookers aggregating high volume resource type and availabilities. res res the smart contract implementation the decentralized standardized btu protocol. payments are handled outside the scope the btu protocol. specification and sequence steps the btu protocol involves potentially ten steps and our standardized decentralized reservation contract (res). some following steps can relayed off-chain, but are always settled on-chain. hereafter the general sequence step provider creating "availability offer" (offer) specifying resource bundle id. bundle group resources. resource name bundle name resource category deposit amount btu amount requested for escrow order allow reservation request commission amount btu amount paid booker availability start date, availability end date limit date and time for free reservation cancellation signed (r,s,v) hash previous information this signed hash serves signed identifier the resource reserved. metadatas daily price the resource (fiat amount paid resource "delivery"), links images, long description, key-values that can used search criteria, etc... the availability data broadcasted over any communication channel, ideally decentralized off-chain solution. step any moment, the provider can update the resource metadata broadcasting new message. very common that yield management requires many prices (fiat price the resource) update during the same day. this update only impacts the off-chain components. step booker looking for resource querying all resources matching his criteria and selecting resource willing reserve step the same operation booker approving res smart contract the required amount btu make the booking (amount defined step the provider) booking entry registered into the smart contract with following information signed hash resource signed pointer all full offer information (datas metadatas) the moment the reservation request. those information are stored the offchain booking infrastructure. public address matching the hash signature desired reservation start date desired reservation end date status reservation_requested step booker broadcasts the resource reservation request the booking infrastructure adding all end-user profile information off-chain that may necessary for the reservation approval. this would help comply with privacy protection requirements. the responsibility the booker notify its end user customer the full resource information and the provider signature (availability "snapshot" data). this can used proof reservation details (the extreme) case resource information reservation time deleted from off-chain infrastructure. step provider validating the reservation request and broadcasts the new status "reservation_confirmed". step res smart contract updating the reservation status "reservation_confirmed" step optional booker cancels the reservation broadcasting cancellation request. this triggers submission the res smart contract that empties the registries for this resource. depending the conditions and cancellation date, the btu escrowed into the res smart contract are affected back the user the provider step optional provider cancels the reservation broadcasting cancellation request. this triggers submission the res smart contract that empties the registries for this resource. res smart contract releasing the escrowed amount booker. step booker notifying that the resource has been paid (presumably resource check-out). res smart contract releasing the escrowed btu back user addition btu agreed commission. anti-spam avoid any malicious behavior, the protocol implementation may request providers escrow some btu tokens before being allowed submit availabilities offers into the booking infrastructure. the amount btu tokens escrowed may depend the provider's reputation tracked third party service. broadcasted message format each availability message contains the following parameters unique resource resource description resource category useful filtering criteria booking price btu amount requested for escrow order allow reservation request availability start date and time availability end date and time limit date and time for free reservation cancellation json metadata describing the bookable resource (fiat price paid, images, list images, full description, options, etc..). this metadata specific each category resource. also, the hash submitted the smart contracts are using the blockchain network platform standard. example ecdsa signature and keccak- function for ethereum. booking infrastructure for bookers and providers meet, booking infrastructure required host and propagate the messages. its principle, this infrastructure very similar exchange order book (availability book this case) that aggregates sell buy orders (availability offer availability request). this leads qualify this booking infrastructure "exchange" "relayer". the protocol described this section does not describe incentive for third parties operate such relayer platform. however, the next section will offer suggestions how btu token may used design such incentives. the res smart contract ... motivation the following describes standard functions for btu standardized and extensible reservation process. the reservation process embeds some actions (listing availabilities, deposit, sharing customer information, etc..), and claims (proof reservation). this standardized reservation interface allows dapps, smart contracts any third party initiate booking process and check the status booking. ... coverage the specification covers all the steps even the ones that are potentially off-chain. nevertheless, practice and while waiting for more scalability existing smart contracts infrastructures, only few res smart contract function will used. ... definition and workflow workflow consists following steps function name short description long description publishavailabilities (off-chain) publish one multiple available resources publish one multiple available resources for reservations and for being "searchable". listavailabilities (off-chain) list available resources list all available resources matching search criteria requestreservation request update cancel for booking request for reservation. the function can used for initial reservation request updating getreservationstatus request for booking status read reservation status. following values are possible requested, rejected, confirmed ... specification the standard interface the date standard described the erc- specification submitted eip ethereum improvement proposal process for comments (no impacts the core protocol and ethereum client). information available this link https://github.com/appyhour/eips/blob/master/eips/eip-.md pull request ethereum/eips has been submitted and currently under review https://github.com/ethereum/eips/pull/ the erc- standard implements erc- transferable token standard, while adding specific functions handling the reservation process. find the description main functions contract erc availability structure enum bookingstatus requested, rejected, confirmed, cancelled struct availability address _contractadress; uint _resourceid resource bundle uint _type; type availability uint _mindeposit minimum btu deposit for booking this resource uint _commission commission amount paid booker btu uint _freecanceldatets; limit date for reservation cancellation uint _startdatets; //availability start date timestamps uint _enddatets; //availability end date timestamps bookingstatus string _bookingstatus reservation status _metadatalink link meta data the bookable resource (desc, image links, etc...) //submit one multiple availability implementation will off-chain function publishavailabilities address _owner, availability[] _availability, bytes _signatureproof constant returns uint status); //query availabilities implementation will off-chain function listavailabilities address _requester, string _criterias) constant returns availability[] //request reservation function requestreservation address _requester, availability _availability) constant returns uint status); //check booking status function getreservationstatus address _requester, availability _availability) constant returns bookingstatus status); ... erc- reference implementation the reference implementation can found github btu repository. every developer invited review the specification and contribute enrich the process definition. protocol token the btu token the btu token erc token working conjunction with erc- standard reference implementation contract that compliant with most booking processes. the btu token issued top ethereum public infrastructure. can used deposit value for booking resource the deposit incentive for any booker cancel its reservation time. the resource not released, the deposit will kept the resource owner. reward mechanisms btu tokens can used reward usage the protocol. this would incentivize consumption those resources through the btu infrastructure rather than via other legacy and incumbent platforms that may list the same resources. our vision that large share the legacy platform commissions can used incentivize new platforms connections the btu infrastructure. furthermore, envelopment entails entry one platform provider into another's market bundling its own functionalities with that the target's leverage shared user relationships and common components. with btu tokens, standard protocol and open source software, dominant firms that otherwise are sheltered from entry due strong network effects and high switching costs can vulnerable such envelopment attacks. governance ... btuips btu improvement proposals any changes btu protocol (smart contracts, architecture, message format functionality) should proposed the btu improvement proposals (btuips) available our github. the contribution guidelines are provided there and are inspired the ethereum eips process. ... forks future proof protocol hard challenge when deployed immutable system smart contract like ethereum. once the res smart contract deployed, its logic and modelisation cannot upgraded. hence any protocol update upgrade that deployed may cause disruption fork the network and data that may invalidate current approved reservations. limit the potential disruptions our development roadmap, will maximize upgrades keeping backward compatibility with previous version (soft-fork) use ens address such btuprotocol.eth and recommend calling the smart contract with its ens address allow dapps benefiting automatically from even worked hard innovate and provide leadership the protocol governance, cannot guarantee that situation where two versions the protocol are live (fork) could avoided. token function open source, the btu protocol and related software could substantially lower the cost for any party providing relevant booking services their customers. the btu token network token facilitating (off and on-chain) signaling between provider and booker. the token's role also create financial incentives order drive network participants behave rationally and with economic interests aligned. for instance, the btu tokens will used reward bookers. essence, bookers are effectively rewarded with tokens they are "mining" successful bookings. anti-spam parameters are also making use token staking order enforce fair use. the token also serves facto standard and eventually enabling virtuous network effect. and different industries could adopt the same protocol, thereby amplifying the network effects that would otherwise limited one industry. finally, other adoption mechanisms and token use cases may implemented, anyone the community, independently from the token initial purpose. btu infrastructure scalability considerations existing blockchain networks not yet offer the scalability required for data storage and querying reasonable transaction rates cope with existing booking volumes whatever market, even the smallest one. the role the btu booking infrastructure provide cost-effective scalable way for any company (provider booker) operate dapp based the btu protocol and the btu token. three options are currently considered (in specific order) build the btu infrastructure cosmos that can provide good way build sidechain-like infrastructure that can offer scalability and benefit from on-chain security. this approach, our relayer infrastructure will constructed our cosmos zone and the incentive for operating the booking infrastructure comes from atom token (cosmos token). raiden ipfs any open source indexing solution. raiden ipdb (bigchaindb public infrastructure) raiden used follow deposits and ipdb store and query availabilities. this option good fit for our mvp and can even rolled out private bigchaindb infrastructure. over time may revise this strategy depending the technology advances. may also develop several implementations top different blockchain networks. roadmap macro-phase estimated delivery date description on-chain mvp code name "earth" may mvp application fully onchain res smart contact demo dapp for booker demo dapp scalability mvp code name "mars" january mvp for btu javascript sdk multiple integrations code name "jupiter" april protocol upgrade code name "saturn" octobre partner tools january code name "uranus" token scalability code name "mercury" september booking infrastructure support first platform based btu protocol hotel booking website integrated one hotel channel manager. btu implementation sdk and api more off-chain performance support one more partner leveraging our booking infrastructure for activities btu implementation and upgrades dapp bar componentization on-board partner more easily support one more partner leveraging our protocol components for car rental easier on-boarding partners via wordpress drupal plugins support one more partner leveraging our protocol components for cruises btu upgrade token sidechain for transactions and reward scalability hosting validator nodes support all partners via dedicated developer web-site and plugins data decentralisation code name "venus" february full privacy code name "neptune" october privacy design using zkp maintenance application components and integration with reputation systems full blockchain code name "pluto" march implementation cosmos zone any other state the art scalability solution. full decentralization december end centralised hosting infrastructure decentralised application maintenance architecture for decentralised hosting based ipfs hosting data storage nodes integration with decentralised identity systems first use case hotel booking description involved parties this use case leverages the btu open source software the following parties hotel channel manager (btu provider) already working with many hotels and able publish their availabilities into the btu booking infrastructure. website platform (btu booker) willing provide hotel booking services its end-customers channel managers' mission provide seamless real-time connections hotels through their property management systems (pms) central reservation systems (crs). for instance, channel managers sabre hospitality and siteminder are respectively integrated with large hotels and independent hotels. website platforms already have relationships with end-customers. they could operated established companies that have millions customer relationships other markets such publishing, telecom, e-banking, insurance, utilities retail. they could also operated independent owners catering specific community, even facebook friend yours. architecture simplified process description channel manager set-up: channel manager implements the btu open source sdk its customers (all connected hotels) accept publish their availabilities the btu "channel" website platform set-up: website platform implements the btu open source plug-in its visitors (travelers) are presented with the opportunity book hotels booking process traveler initiates booking request hotel the website platform website platform may escrow some btu tokens according the hotel terms channel manager checks with hotel and confirms booking cancellation process traveler initiates booking cancellation request the website platform website platform may charge its customer (traveler) depending terms channel manager informs hotel the cancellation and may provide compensation payment process traveler pays the hotel using any accepted payment method channel manager may charge its customer (hotel) for commission channel manager may reward btu tokens website platform conclusion our belief that open-source blockchain software and protocols along with token design supported business strategy research and game theories, can bring new solutions vast number business issues. have applied these concepts and technologies order demonstrate how the current centralized internet booking services could disrupted creating new technical protocol (btu protocol) and specific token (btu). have explained how such protocol could leveraged any developer first example use case the internet hotel booking industry. implementation the btu token would facilitate the creation more rational, fairer and dynamic market there. other use cases could implemented yachts, car, ski apartment rentals, medical appointments, spa booking, token booking, computing resources reservation etc... providing transparent inventory through open-source protocol, the community would considerably lower the entry barriers for many internet booking providers, ultimately benefiting consumers and service providers well. decentralization getting new level. part the journey. references "platform envelopment" paper thomas eisenmann, geoffrey parker and marshall van alstyne http://www.hbs.edu/faculty/publication%files/-.pdf hotrec position the european commission communication the mid-term review the digital single market strategy http://www.hotrec.eu/documents/document/--d-- final-dm-distribution_policy_paper_avec_annexes.pdf impact ota bias and consolidation bookers http://www.benedelman.org/publications/ota-bias-jul.pdf report the monitoring exercise carried out the online hotel booking sector competition authorities http://ec.europa.eu/competition/ecn/hotel_monitoring_report_en.pdf general disclaimer the white paper shall read together with the t&c and does not constitute offer invitation sell shares, securities rights belonging labs. labs not deemed providing any information which can considered basis for investment decision. labs not providing any investment recommendation nor investment advice. the white paper including the t&c does not constitute form part of, and should not construed as, offer for sale subscription, invitation buy subscribe securities financial instruments. does not constitute the basis for, should not used basis for, connection with, contract for the sale securities financial instruments commitment sell securities financial instruments any kind. labs expressly disclaims any liability for any direct indirect loss damage any kind arising directly indirectly from: (i) any reliance the information contained this document, (ii) any error, omission inaccuracy said information, (iii) any resulting action that may brought. regulatory uncertainties tokens the regulatory status tokens and distributed ledger technology unclear. difficult predict how whether regulatory authorities may apply existing regulation with respect such technology. difficult predict how whether the regulator may implement changes the law and regulation affecting distributed ledger technology and its applications, including the btu tokens and the protocol. regulatory actions could negatively impact the protocol various ways, including, for purposes illustration only, though determination that the purchases, sale and delivery the btu tokens constitutes unlawful activity that the btu token regulated instrument that requires registration, the licensing some all the parties involved the purchase, sale and delivery thereof. the protocol will not used and may cease operations jurisdiction the event where that regulatory actions, changes low regulation, make illegal operate such jurisdiction, commercially undesirable obtain the necessary regulatory approval(s) operate such jurisdiction. btu token not financial instrument btu token does not represent investment security financial instrument within the meaning directive //eu the european parliament and the council may relating markets financial instruments: the btu token confers direct indirect right the labs' capital income, nor does confer any governance right within labs. btu token not proof ownership right control does not confer any right any asset share labs. btu token does not grant any right participate control over labs' management decision-making set-up. btu token not electronic currency within the meaning directive //ec the european parliament and the council september relating access and pursuit the business electronic currency institutions: btu token does not have fixed exchange value equal the amount delivered the time its issue. btu token does not qualify payment service within the meaning directive (//ec) november relating payment services the internal market, nor within the meaning the (eu) directive relating payment services (dsp ndeg the european parliament and the council november the ico does not involve the purchase/sale btu token and the labs' business does not consist receiving currencies against the delivery btu tokens; such, btu token not means payment either. btu token cryptographic token used through the protocol. btu token crypto-currency, i.e. unregulated, digital asset, issued and controlled its developers, and used and accepted only the members given community. intellectual property belonging labs the purchaser acknowledges that labs retains sole and exclusive ownership all intellectual, industrial and expertise rights relating the btu tokens, documents, data, etc. the technical and technological resources and expertise used design both btu tokens, and documents any nature, shall remain the exclusive property labs regardless whether they are protected under intellectual property clause. therefore, any document, listing, database, etc., its entirety, given the purchaser return for payment free charge solely loan for use that exclusively enables them use the protocol, under not separate availability and/or non-disclosure agreement that forms integral part these t&c, and may not used the purchaser for any other purpose without incurring their liability protection personal data the processing personal data performed under the crowdsale will declared france the national commission for data protection and liberties. accordance with article french law ndeg january relating information technology, files and civil liberties, labs, which responsible for processing the said data, will inform the purchaser that processing their personal data. the details entered the purchaser the forms available the website are intended for authorized labs personnel for administrative and business management purposes. these data are processed allow purchasers access the crowdsale. the purchaser entitled access, question, modify, rectify and delete their own personal data, the purchaser also entitled object the processing their personal data for legitimate reasons, well object the use such data for the purposes prospecting activities. exercise their rights, the purchaser shall notify their request labs, attaching copy their signed document. the purchaser shall comply with the provisions french law ndeg january relating information technology, files and civil liberties, amended, any breach which deemed criminal offence. particular, they shall not collect misuse data and, general, perform any act likely infringe the privacy reputation individuals. regulatory uncertainties the purchaser acknowledges and accepts that the crowdsale launched labs taking place within french legal environment that still under development. new laws rules may subsequently frame, modify clarify the practice such crowdsale. where necessary, should legislative changes conflict with all part these terms and conditions, labs reserves the right amend the terms the crowdsale appropriate, retroactively necessary, order ensure that the crowdsale remains legal and compliant with the various french regulatory bodies. labs will respond any request issued via regular legal process aimed obtaining specific information about the purchasers, particularly terms the fight against money laundering. applicable law and jurisdiction these t&c and any contract relationship relating the protocol set-up labs are governed exclusively french law, the labs' commitment being subject this clause. labs and the purchasers agree seek amicable settlement prior bringing any legal action. failing this, any dispute, any nature whatsoever, will brought expressly before the court with jurisdiction over the labs's registered headquarters, document can affect novation waiver this jurisdiction clause