bulleon white paper bulleon decentralized ico operated from european union whitepaper v.. globaltouch software bulleon white paper table contents disclaimer ................................................................................................................................................................................................... introduction ............................................................................................................................................................................................. market analysis blockchain industry: current market analysis.................................................................................................................................... blockchain: the century unicorn................................................................................................................................................. utilizing blockchain for big data........................................................................................................................................................... bulleon decentralized ico.................................................................................................................................................................. bulleon structure erc token cryptocurrency............................................................................................................................................................... the erc token standard.................................................................................................................................................................. bulleon token................................................................................................................................................................................ why chose ethereum erc token standard our main token?........................................................................................... why chose ethereum ecosystem drive our ico..................................................................................................................... milestones............................................................................................................................................................................................. smart-contract structure bulleon smart-contract........................................................................................................................................................................ smart contract functions..................................................................................................................................................................... finances ico force gathering whirl bulleon....................................................................................................................................................... ico phase structure............................................................................................................................................................................. distribution........................................................................................................................................................................................... funds allocation.................................................................................................................................................................................... dividend distribution........................................................................................................................................................................... one-time dividend payment............................................................................................................................................................... quarterly dividends............................................................................................................................................................................... ico schedule and limits....................................................................................................................................................................... bounty program................................................................................................................................................................................... our team our amazing team................................................................................................................................................................................. bulleon white paper disclaimer the purpose this whitepaper present the bulleon project potential token holders relating the cryptocurrency launch. the information contained this document may not exhaustive and does not imply any elements contractual relationship. its sole purpose provide relevant and reasonable information potential token holders for them determine whether undertake thorough analysis the offer with the intent acquiring bulleon tokens. nothing this whitepaper shall deemed constitute prospectus any sort solicitation for investment, nor does any way pertain offering solicitation offer buy any securities any jurisdiction. this document not composed accordance with, and not subject to, laws regulations any jurisdiction which are designed protect investors. certain statements, estimates, and financial information contained this whitepaper constitute futuristic statements information. such statements information involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties which may cause actual events results differ materially from the estimates the results implied expressed such forwardlooking statements. this english language whitepaper the primary official source information about our bulleon cryptocurrency launch. the information contained the document may used during written verbal communications with existing and prospective customers, partners, etc. while such communication some the information contained herein may lost, corrupted, misrepresented. the accuracy such alternative communications cannot guaranteed. the event any conflicts inconsistencies, the provisions this english language original document shall prevail. you are green card holder the united states united states citizen permanent resident the united states (tax otherwise), you have primary residence domicile the united states (tax otherwise), permanent resident the republic singapore (tax otherwise), you have primary residence domicile singapore you are citizen permanent resident canada (tax otherwise) you have primary residence domicile canada, you are citizen permanent resident hong kong (tax otherwise), you have primary residence domicile hong kong, you are either citizen permanent resident the people's republic china (tax otherwise) you have primary residence domicile the people's republic china (tax otherwise), you are eligible purchase bulleon cryptocurrency only you intend use them for the purpose regular cryptocurrency tool for payments for goods and services. the same applies you are one the owners beneficiaries the company behalf which you are authorized act, you are one the owners beneficiaries the company behalf which you are authorized act. you are either citizen permanent resident the people's republic china (tax otherwise), you have primary residence domicile the people's republic china (tax otherwise), you may not eligible buy cryptocurrency any form and/or any means accordance local laws and regulations. bulleon white paper introduction the innovation that has been carried out technology this modern age transcends human imagination. the ideas are going crazy, and it's going become even crazier years come. the only permanent thing life change. technology changing every part our daily lives. one the most important aspects human life that has received considerable attention technology the financial sector; technology revolutionizing the way financial transactions are being done all over the world via the introduction cryptocurrency into the financial market. bulleon not just another digital asset service, will product combination with massive amount high skilled labor input. bulleon universal digital asset platform, which also aimed building strong, concept-driven currency that offers the chance see profits and gains considerably snappier and can take benefits out more effortlessly. bulleon will provide customer user-friendly tools satisfy his all the digital resource needs and help comfortably navigate the crypto world. the customer only needs focus his own business, not its technical difficulties. our strategy make bulleon mighty and respectable simple and unique the cryptomarket. bulleon will raise funds directly selling its token, turning supporters and investors into users. our ico will offer our total bulleon supply total phases, and each phase will contain ,bul for fixed price. all funds raised the development stage will re-invested into further development, expansion, and promotion the bulleon guaranteeing quicker growth rate and increased popularity. bulleon backed ever-growing team highly experienced professionals, present there are seasoned veterans working the project and the speed will accelerate continue reach our quarterly targets. believe that millions people need this kind service, top that the "digital asset" -audience growing one hundred thousand new users every day. bulleon white paper market analysis blockchain industry: current market analysis companies around the world have been developing solid applications using the blockchain technology. the financial sectors including banks and other payment processing institutions have begun exploring ways incorporate the technology into their systems improve efficiency, security, and speed transactions and information. other sectors that are adopting the use the revolutionizing technology are the medical industry, the legal industry, government institutions managing vital data. the growth the blockchain technology was the highest the history the digital assets since the internet. was year explosive growth and the market experienced real breakthroughs blockchain technology applications across the sectors mentioned, among others. the cryptocurrency prices, led bitcoin, were increasing; culminating all-time highs the end the skyrocketing prices have brought the global attention the technology institutions and companies around the world desire tap into the benefits the technology. extreme high accuracy, proved security and the ability verify information especially monetary transactions and secure online payments and money transfers are just but few byproducts the blockchain revolution. not only the companies that have been reaping the benefits this technology but also individuals have had lot gain well. data from leading job sites the united states show increasing number blockchain related jobs. the jobs tripled indicating that the industry growing fast pace about from december bulleon white paper there considerable growth major bitcoin and cryptocurrency trading exchanges showing that the global market has the last one year been recording new user signups per day going beyond most cryptocurrency exchanges are struggling keep with the growing numbers. some these exchanges include coinbase (gdax), binance, bittrexx, bitstamp, and kraken. the growth high the extent that some these exchanges have ceased new member sign-ups while others are upgrading their systems handle the volumes. exchanges like coinbase, bitstamp, kraken, and binance are valued worth more than billion. the global blockchain market still growing and the numbers will continue surge. the current systems are already overwhelmed. the market needs platform that can handle this type data; platform that all one where users can manage cryptocurrency accounts and access trading from one central digital asset application. the market requires platform that has features such digital asset exchange, peer-to-peer lending, cloud mining, biometric authentication well debit card transactions from all over the world. all these features need accessible application that can withstand the global blockchain market growth. blockchain: the century unicorn the world changing the way problems are solved and have the blockchain revolution thank for the amazing solutions. the introduction artificial intelligence (ai, internet things (iot and the blockchain proof that humankind different level technology and the solutions the problems are quite achievable and within reach. the blockchain revolution exceeds the ".com" revolution more than decade ago. despite the fact that the internet received lot criticism, the beginning, has grown achieve the unimaginable, creating great opportunities and multi-billion companies that have prospered with it. the blockchain set transform the world hasn't already. the technology has already brought new applications industries such finance, supply chain, trading, and medicine. the public ledger blockchain, for instance, bitcoin and ethereum are already enabling people and organizations transfer monetary value confidently without fear because the security and accuracy offered blockchain. the transfer funds also fast comparison the traditional money transfer bulleon white paper systems offered banking institutions. the people want take control their finances and get rid the middleman; the blockchain has brought this reality. the technology keeps improving companies explore different ways improve the blockchain. cryptocurrencies are the future money and are eliminating the traditional electronic money transfer systems. the incorruptible digital ledger will future ensure that people can send money across the borders without worrying about fraud and loss. major banks have begun use blockchain rewrite the financial markets bring optimized cash management the customers. the same banking institutions are keen transforming online payments and it's only the blockchain technology that can make this kind change the financial industry. the other hand, the health industry will future incorporate blockchain for medical data record keeping. the current healthcare data distributed across the various health providers. some these records are not accessible from another city country. lack way retrieve health information endangers patients' lives especially the data vital the treatment. having the blockchain technology the health industry store data will ensure that health providers access the information from anywhere the world fast and accurately for better treatment. huge tech corporations like ibm believe that the future wrapped around the blockchain. people will have financial transparency their finances. people are able buy stocks using digital currencies. the stock markets are being transformed and growing with the adoption the blockchain. the trading industry especially cryptocurrency trading growing with every passing day. future without blockchain not future worth waiting for. the future the world will intertwined the blockchain technology. the people should expect solutions major world problems from blockchain and related applications. the growth the blockchain industry and technology will continue into the future. investment the technology now will guarantee good future for both individual investors and organizations well. utilizing blockchain for big data big data and blockchain are technologies that have individual capacities that can transform the way business will conducted future. the two technologies are powerful separately, however, when combined they become forceful revolution reckoned with and the benefits that can reaped from the pair are immense. big data refers huge data sets which are voluminous and much more complex for traditional data progressing application software deal with. big data has number challenges including data storage, capturing data, data analysis, searching, sharing, transfer, information well visualization. the other hand, blockchain distributed public ledger system that stores and manages transactions. the transactions are recorded block. the block transactions linked order the previous block forming the blockchain. copies the processed transactions are sent the members the network computers making very difficult duplicate alter the records. blockchain technology secure design the data distributed multiple systems the network. since the introduction big data the early has gradually transformed many enterprises data bulleon white paper processing and management systems. mentioned earlier, big data has many issues. is, therefore, crucial understand how blockchain providing the solutions the challenges. business like financial institutions have huge volumes data and sometimes these data proves difficult retrieve and analyze using the traditional software. these huge data lakes containing the history financial data this case transactions, stored and distributed the blockchain decentralized system will available any given time. consequently, blockchain brings data integrity for the fact that the data stored incorruptible and shared the database blocks that are licked one another. the analysis, however, will not done blockchain but using big data and the accompanying tools. blockchain will allow providers the healthcare industry share their records with insurers, employers, and even justice departments. when comes banks, blockchain works together with big data analytics avoid double spending and achieve real-time transactions that are fast and accurate. the banks are able identify the risk and share the information among interested parties. real-time analyses are pipe dream for many businesses. businesses desire spot fraud real-time and the blockchain technology coupled with big data analysis has made possible. the database made accessible the blockchain platform and the big data goes ahead provide analysis. big data has benefited from the transparency offered the blockchain technology. transparent data helps businesses read the trend the market and get the real picture. user experience recorded the blockchain platform will help the companies predict behavior patterns that are accurate and useful. big data benefits from the blockchain technology are endless including monetization data collected and distributed fee users the blockchain system. businesses have numerous ways transform big data tools solutions get the real-time market temperature that will allow discounts given customers the right time. blockchain data monetization could lead the creation new marketplaces that thrive analytical data that shared real-time. bulleon white paper bulleon decentralized ico crucial realize that, although every blokchain start-up and its ico the market unique, certain levels, all them depend similar structure. consequently, bulleon different when compared other icos; however, nevertheless endeavors finance the operation and execution the business plan through the ico and employs the same structure with the rest the icos. most the current blockchain start-ups are trying raise funds through icos private sale. large portion shares/tokens sold investors with huge amounts wealth cost that lower than what expected the cost main ico. the funding received during the private sale used finance the pre-ico and the main ico marketing strategy development and execution (which the largest expenditure during the ico phase). other words, the price tokens the next stage much higher for the regular investor. have taken different approach this method funding. bulleon has enabled the smaller investor participate the early stages. while most other icos sell their cheapest shares/tokens the major investors, venture capitals, and angels, bulleon has vision decentralization power. that means that the tokens are available for anyone willing acquire the shares the company from the initial stage funding. bulleon distributing the power and opportunities regardless the size contribution from investors. are inviting all the investors and shareholders participate the initial stages the ico. opportunity make higher returns investment regardless the investment you put the project. the ico open all people from the early stages, usher the new era decentralized icos. bulleon white paper bulleon structure erc token cryptocurrency the blockchain technology have been utilized provide bulleon users with financial value. ethereum blockchain has been the go-to platform when developing new tokens and coins. bulleon powered ethereum technology, which features smart contracts that are decentralized, self-executing and work agreements coded the blockchain. ethereum blockchain exceeds the capabilities bitcoin blockchain the point that most tokens value are launched the technology. consequently, the surface token has been greatly improved and considered one the most exciting developments the cryptocurrency market. bulleon considered the digital asset that goes beyond the functions cryptocurrencies give users access digital asset exchange, biometric hardware wallet coupled with login authentication, international debit card transactions, e-commerce service platform specialized for merchants, secure peer-topeer lending platform well the much sort after cloud mining. the erc standard for tokens ensures that the digital assets are much more interchangeable. besides, bulleon and other tokens issued the erc token standards are capable working with dapps while the same time, adhering the same standards for tokens. the dapp can easily interface with other virtual currencies the market even instances where multiple tokens operate and behave similar way. the cryptocurrency market has countless number digital assets and virtual currencies that are not compatible. bulleon built with the user interest mind, and that the reason has achieved high levels compatibility with other tokens and projects the market. addition that, erc token bulleon white paper standardization allows bulleon natural fit the cryptocurrency market. moreover, bulleon integrates voting rights the platform which give you "the user" the voice future matters concerning the project and the direction should take. the integration erc standardization the bulleon project has eliminated the fear bugs and errors completely. the erc token standard ethereum offers standardized method for creating new tokens its blockchain called the erc- protocol. erc- not some line code, software technology. the contrary, these are the guidelines that facilitate the integration several currencies. before the erc-, each new cryptocurrency created its account balance verification system and initiated transfers. these methods included different functions and arguments that are not necessarily compatible with other systems. the erc- streams have the same functions, with the same names, having the same arguments. they use standard set rules and guidelines that ensure that both monetary systems can relate each other. since the year developers have adopted mainly the erc- standard, but then ethereum has not imposed its use. september ethereum formalized the protocol, which means that all signs the ethereum blockchain must comply with the standard. creating erc- compliant cryptocurrency ethereum implies that the new streams have immediate interoperability the ethereum blockchain. bulleon token the bulleon hybrid token; the token both, security and utility token. bulleon designed precious possession the growing cryptocurrency market. give bulleon owners control over their money without compromising convenience. therefore, token that was not only store value cryptocurrency, but also means part the bulleon team; sharing dividends, profit-shares and voting rights the owners bulleon was imminent. security token, bulleon highly regards the owners the token. the success does not belong bulleon board members only; shared among the investors sharing profit and dividends, addition that, owners have voting rights inside the corporation. voting rights give the owners the voice shape bulleon for the future. the other hand, cryptocurrency token, bulleon store value and great medium exchange. built the erc token standardization requirements that achieve total decentralization. bulleon tokens are not issued nor are they regulated any central authority. bulleon joins other cryptocurrencies the market functional currency capable multi-platform value exchange. the token tradable the exchanges, besides the bulleon network gives the owner access number exchanges where they can buy and sell other cryptocurrencies. similarly, not regulated any laws put place regulate fiat currency e-money laws. bulleon white paper essential note that the supply bulleon tokens capped and one will ever create more tokens future. the tokens cannot moved another address, otherwise, manage bulleon inside the ico smart-contract. furthermore, even the bulleon has mandate manage the tokens inside the ico smart-contract. these measures have been put place ensure that the only way acquire the tokens purchasing them out the contract. the investors' peace mind paramount the growth bulleon and the token decentralization process. why chose ethereum erc token standard our main token? better understand the ethereum erc token standard, essential know why difficult create new applications and currencies the original bitcoin blockchain. the bitcoin blockchain has some problems that make bad choice for icos. these problems are highlighted below. bitcoin blockchain not more general-purpose program: what distinguishes bitcoin from not being more general-purpose program its design monetary system. therefore, the ledger the account balance its internal program state. this means can easily set new bitcoin wallet for our ico, but writing program that calculates and distributes the tokens top that wallet difficult. so, execute ico contracts, more general-purpose program state needed security issues: talking security, bitcoin cannot referred turingcomplete scripting system. this because turing-complete scripting system can find answers any computable problem when given enough time and memory. general, two things are required turingcomplete scripting system: firstly, the ability repeat ignore instructions when certain conditions are met, and secondly, the ability store data variable. indeed, bitcoin blockchain not turingcomplete scripting system. one the main reasons why bitcoin not turing-complete system because does not support programming loops security measure. the programming loops will activate dos (denial service) attack because the attacker can tell the miners make infinite loops. however, this problem when comes implementing icos, because loops allow developers check and recalculate data. effective crowdsale requires the calculation the total contribution after each new investor, then the closing the ico determined after certain conditions have been met, and the tokens are distributed investors during ico based algorithm. longer block time (slow confirmation): finally, the block time bitcoin too long for cryptocurrency ico feasible achieved. minutes per block, transactions could take over hour clear and then verified after they are few blocks deep within the chain. this means that new contributions the crowd-sale will only checked after one hour, and any later ico steps will postponed delayed. bulleon white paper why chose ethereum ecosystem drive our ico ethereum, multi-purpose program: ethereum stores tree program states using complex data structure called the merkle patricia tree, which allows for faster changes and tests the different rules required run the ico. instead having single transaction ledger, multiple programs the ethereum blockchain allow smart contracts automatically calculate the amount funds raised; test and confirm transactions; and distribute new tokens during the crowdsale the end it. ethereum turing complete: ethereum (which was created correct bitcoin flaws) turing-complete system. the instructions the program code ethereum are processed using what call "gas" payment. gas encourages miners provide their gpu power run programs ethereum blockchain. there more gas left run the transaction; will canceled. this avoids infinite loops and dos attacks the ico since each execution has been finally canceled. because this, attacker can't deny service our crowdsale due denial service attacks because ico are more secure ethereum networks. ethereum uses ghost protocol: the greedy heaviest observed subtree (ghost) protocol ethereum makes possible create blocks faster without compromising the security its blockchain. this means that ico transactions are processed more quickly. when comes dealing with the crowdsale new tokens; transactions can quickly verified and added the overall amount derived from the crowdsale new tokens. without sacrificing the security and integrity the blockchain, the distribution the new tokens occurs quickly. milestones timeline project launch bounty program launch decentralized ico launch official marketing campaign launch recruitment selection hiring process launch the establishment headquarters the beginning bulleon platform development bul token crowdsale started (smart-contract) mvp officially released first alpha/beta versions bulleon are released client accounts pre-registration begins limited number consumers get access functional bulleon ecosystem first customer satisfaction benchmarking the commercial activity the company has begun bulleon white paper after the completion the ico listing major exchanges maintaining brand awareness close cooperation with the bul owners phase-by-phase milestones during the ico phase preparing transparent structure and commercial activity plan the company phase ios/android/windows/mac/web app development start phase cloud mining platform and datacenter phase bulleon international debit card phase independent cryptocurrency trading platform phase e-commerce payment gateway for merchants phase peer--peer lending platform phase biometric hardware wallet login authentication phase integration services into single active platform phase the first payment dividends and launch full-fledged commercial activity ... phase preparing transparent structure and commercial activity plan the company aka establishing business model transparent and adaptable the blockchain bulleon's initial marketing strategy being guided the current market analysis (ref. section which will refreshed quarterly through scheduled in-house and external market research new competitors and new functionalities are connected the blockchain. the market research, combination with swot analysis conducted less than quarterly basis, will identify opportunities for refining marketing and promotion clarity the blockchain revolution emerges. promotion initial marketing bulleon will focus bulleon's ability build upon the ethereum blockchain's value proposition with respect security, privacy, wealth building, incorruptibility, and non-discriminatory and non-jurisdictional accessibility and will focus establishing bulleon the all-in-one platform manage, trade, lend, mine, and authenticate cryptocurrency. competitive analysis bulleon will conduct simple research and analysis other digital currencies along with other blockchain technology. bulleon will not limit its potential the cryptocurrency space but will innovate and organically position itself where there demand terms other products and services the blockchain. audience bulleon will run concurrent marketing campaigns both prospective token holders and other potential partners the blockchain innovation space. marketing mix response its ongoing market analysis, the marketing mix will rotating blend social media, paid media (online ads), earned media (publicity gained through industry bulleon white paper leading expertise, i.e. guest blogging, conference appearances, article contribution), and word mouth. the bounty program described section will incent and reward translators, bloggers, and commentators for their promotional efforts. the majority proceeds will committed marketing efforts aggressive approach that will fueled the force gathering whirl bulleon. .... decentralized workforce for decentralized digital asset service bulleon backed ever-growing team highly experienced professionals and recruitment will accelerate continue reach our quarterly targets. believe millions people need this kind service, top that the "digital asset" audience growing one hundred thousand new users every day. while the principals bulleon live helsinki, finland, contract specialists are working around the world and the company and communication tools will structured support cross-border employee/ contractor collaboration keeping with the decentralization ethos that drives bulleon. expected that each phase the project will led project team (branch) that, thanks collaboration technology, can operate decentralized basis. .... executive summary the future the world will intertwined the blockchain technology. people will soon demanding solutions major world problems using the blockchain and related applications. fixing the current international currency system the logical first start. bulleon the business helping consolidate the blockchain's currency potential into full economic system. investment into this technology--as easy the purchase tokens--will guarantee results exponentially beyond what the current economic system can deliver. bulleon not just another digital asset service; its purpose provide end users with everyday digital asset-related services from single place, operating massive operation high-skilled labor input. currency, bulleon shareholder's certificate with voting rights and the right receive dividends through bulleon's operating income. the concept bulleon safe, user-friendly, clear and attractive digital asset service that will allow users navigate the crypto world seamlessly. through its model, bulleon will able harness the knowledge from its success its primary usage scale and adapt the growing uses the blockchain for the betterment its users. ... business strategy current position bulleon the first stage its -phase trajectory: preparing transparent structure and commercial activity. the present focus expanding the expertise recruiting skilled experts and employees and completing the marketing and planning steps outlined this section. see section for the full timeline. bulleon white paper competitive advantage bulleon distinguished the marketplace its operation fully integrated system which cryptocurrency offered via universal access that can managed, traded, stored, and exchanged, and can support transactional activity like redemption for fiat money through international debit card, and hassle-free peerto-peer lending fiat currency. bulleon transactions are protected through state-of-the-art biometrics. growth plan see section for description bulleon's ico phase structure. since bulleon operates model openness and access all, future movements bulleon will democratically decided all token holders will have equal opportunity vote initiatives and expansion. development and execution this concept will require significant human resources the form financial planning and management professionals including specialists financial statements, internal accounting, management accounting, payment transactions, payroll accounting, budgeting, profitability, taxation, legislation, finance and project management. recruitment for the position cfo will precede this recruitment initiative. ... benchmarking the revolutionary bulleon will implement state-of-the-art benchmarking discipline measure its progress toward its overall marketing objectives the areas ease use, availability, speed, security and user support against identified competitors. regular reviews these objectives will provide feedback and possible corrective actions timely basis. benchmarking results will transparent and openly shared with employees and subscribers through digital dashboard application. ... budgeting, forecasting and finance management decentralized model the traditional economy, projects this scale involve private sales, seed funding, venture capital funding, etc. behind the scenes before anyone aware the offering. bulleon embraces opposite ethos where the bulleon ico will decentralized, meaning all tokens will available all people the market from the beginning. bulleon will raise funds directly selling its token, turning supporters and investors into users. our ico will offer our total bulleon supply total phases, and each phase will contain ,bul for fixed price. all funds raised the development stage will re-invested into further development, expansion, and promotion the bulleon, guaranteeing quicker growth rate and increased popularity. see section for the distribution bulleon proceeds. bulleon will establish public relations campaign demonstrate the lack insider involvement its universal governance. ... researching legal details and locating solutions bulleon will operating the cryptocurrency market; therefore, the regulation the market will affect well. the bulleon team aware the temperature the market and research underway determine the current regulations the blockchain industry. the sec intends have tokens offered securities registered for operation. bulleon white paper consequently, this phase will give bulleon team opportunity research the regulations that apply the critical business activities. successful cryptocurrency project understands its duties the employees and the investors alike. moreover, human resource management integral part bulleon. the talents the employees bulleon will managed ensure that every employee can yield expected. bulleon treasures the input every member the team. the location project very crucial the success any company business. bulleon will tasked with choosing the exact location for the project management: the headquarters well the branches for ease operation. team researchers will undertake feasibility study determine the most suitable location for the project. also essential realize that, corporation, the need have legal representation paramount the success bulleon. therefore, bulleon team will seek acquire the best legal advice the cryptocurrency market. the most efficient legal advice will help proactive avoid being caught unnecessary problems with the law. another critical aspect bulleon being tax compliant. taxation advice necessary for efficient running the project. different jurisdictions have different tax requirements. the legal team will ensure that the company ready comply with the set regulations. business licenses and permit acquisition will done efficiently the experts bulleon. bulleon team aware that this should done time the project approaches the launching stages. phase ios/android/windows/mac/web app development start achieve seamless integration all its services into single active platform, bulleon kick starting the app development phase give users ease access all the brand's amazing services from the comfort their homes, offices the go. with the bulleon app, users can sync across devices and perform different activities the system with real-time access the crucial information they need. purpose the bulleon app among other things the bulleon app serves the following purposes for users and the platform: all-in-one service: all bulleon crypto services are offered one unified security: all data encrypted the app before sent the network privacy: data presented the app cleaned from any form personal information identifying patterns simplicity: simple interface abstracts bulleon network's complexity for the everyday user. sell functionality: users can choose selectively sell anonymized data trusted entities return for bulleon tokens key elements app development phase mobile app design: end users not need interact with complicated wallets because bulleon provides simple use cross-platform mobile and web app with and that represents the best creativity the business. bulleon white paper service backend development: here are developing api plugins, bulleon engine optimization, and connectivity. this involves developing sidechain support functionality (explorer and security) which allows users inspect the blocks, transactions, and account balances any sidechain. this will provide consistent, transparent, and easy access viewpoint each sidechain all users. this also involves implementing validated hashes individual sidechain states, configurable checkpoint intervals ensure there some basic validation sidechain integrity and provide payback the parent network. smart contract support: smart contracts are interesting concept for many different usecases, and believe would extremely interesting implement smart contract natively into the bulleon app sdk. the future, bulleon can decide which smart contract languages wants support, can even develop javascript smart contracts its own. app integration with bittrex: with this, bulleon guarantees users ssl-protected transaction environment that they can rest easy about the safety their funds and personal information. the bulleon app models the models for both web and mobile operating systems are explained below. mobile the mobile-first approach the mantra for tech and indeed most online businesses today. organization can ignore the increasing use mobile apps engage their user and increase brand loyalty. result, bulleon's approach use the most pragmatic and cost-effective mobile app development model achieve our goal. this end, the team has decided build the react native mobile app development model. our preference for this based the following calculations: it's all-in-one cross platform model. this eliminates the hassles having write separately for android, windows and ios apps different platforms. with react native can write all them one place and save huge chunk time and budget. easier transition from web mobile: react native functionality provides smooth that makes easier transition into mobile development from web background. powered javascript that's one language rule all. ability quickly push updates directly published app bypassing the app store review process and timeline. additionally, the number top-level businesses (including facebook, walmart, airbnb, etc.) who have leveraged rn's model also validates its usefulness, maturity, and stability. web for the complete implementation the project, critical developing exchange application that web-based for the most optimal user experience. like the mobile process, the web experience optimized for both windows and mac operating systems using electron software. the idea create seamless cross-platform user experience the bulleon ecosystem with embedded api via backend service that both ios and android devices can use. this will allow for the creation accounts, request for deposits and transfers, cryptocurrency fiat exchange proxy apis and management bank accounts. afterward, backend portal will implemented into the exchange application, which will allow the user modify the information his profile. bulleon white paper conclusion pertinent state that bulleon apps development will continue throughout the life the project. this constant development because (besides innovation) building and maintaining decentralized application fundamentally different from application using client-server architecture. phase cloud mining platform and data-center construction start after months delicate evaluation selected digital assets, all done according market situation analyses, mining challenges, and other factors, bulleon has gathered enough information and now set roll out this phase with master plan build data center country that friendly cryptomining. the datacenter one with the requisite good conditions such climate, electricity prices, political attitudes amongst other variables. the execution this phase the bulleon ico project represents major test its resolve stand out the cryptocurrency ecosystem. why bulleon cloud? unique window for global wealth creation the digital currency evolution, cloud mining cloud hashing concept which allows users buy mining power the hardware placed remote data centers. with the growth digital assets price, bulleon hopes able make profit for investors around the world anyone can join and get stable source income. with bulleon's industrial cloud mining setup, everyone can now buy hash power and start mining quickly, instead waiting for the delivery solo mining hardware which could waste valuable resources. with bulleon cloud mining users never have send back faulty equipment troubleshoot new hardware because our base, the cloud, big enough accommodate everyone. the data center tasked with providing users with hardware that works and will absorb the cost hardware failure, maintenance, and configuration provide users guaranteed uptime and payout. key functionalities instant activation: buy hash power and start mining quickly, instead waiting for delivery mining hardware which could waste valuable time. environment-friendly experience: mining hardware are notoriously noisy and generate extreme heat. using cloud mining, you don't have put with any the noise and heat. maintenance fee for bul owners: when you buy mining contract from bulleon there extra maintenance fee applied for the whole contract duration. risk hardware failure: because have made the right investment equipping our data center and have replaced hardware mining with the cloud. bulleon white paper ... phase bulleon international debit card imagine paying for bottle coke one your travels another part the world without ever having worry about foreign exchange! that and more possible through smart deployment blockchain cryptocurrency technology even the tiniest forex transaction way the bulleon international debit card. our technology enables holders connect their blockchain assets real-world payment platforms, offering quick, reliable and affordable withdrawals all over the world. integrated with all other services the bulleon platform (exchange, mobile/ios/android/web app), the debit cards are wellpositioned serve one-stop hub for seamless interaction between the blockchain ecosystems and the real world. why choose bulleon debit card there doubt that the application blockchain everyday activities will keep making business transactions easier and faster. this end, bulleon's international debit card affords the global business environment the following unique value chain: boost globalization: with bulleon international debit card, everyone can harness the power blockchains for travels and other transactions enjoying access multiple virtual currencies across different blockchains. real freedom and control: convert your bulleons and other cryptocurrencies into fiat whenever you need, easily through bulleon mobile web app. it's easy exchange and load your bulleon card with funds from bulleon wallet. use your card anywhere major cards are accepted. you can also send and receive funds all one app. withdraw from any atm around the world. receive real-time notifications when the card used. lock unlock your card whenever you wish to. all your fingertips benefits convenience and real-time transparent rates: holders can spend their virtual currencies directly and conveniently anywhere around the globe with complete ease mind, just like how they spend their local currency faster rate and the most cost-effective transaction processing rates additional fees imposed. bulleon white paper for instance, when holder pays with the bulleon debit card store that doesn't accept cryptocurrency, the cryptocurrency immediately converted fiat currency the spot without the recipient ever knowing about it. this feature convenient for digital currency owners and allows them make faster purchases other forms payments receipts with their crypto coins day-to-day basis. .easy application: you don't need undergo credit check when you apply for bulleon debit card. the card also supports multiple nationalities with option for e-residency. .easy top ups: holders can top their debit card via blockchain assets address either the website through mobile apps. wide usage area: because the card supports multiple currencies, holders can spend money the point sale machines worldwide. bulleon also supports cloud services, and online shopping available ... phase cryptocurrency trading platform (bulleon exchange) the purpose the bulleon exchange provide investment multiplex for traders and users all levels. bulleon believes that every single person can become successful trader long they have access the right tools and trading styles. that why the trading platform designed work seamlessly with integrations for android, ios, and web operating systems. additionally, inbuilt apis will allow users view the progress multiple exchanges glance with highly accurate (%+) bulleon propriety trading signals which can guide investors making the best decisions. the goal offer the most liquid exchange website the world, leveraging the most advanced software enable traders and users easily exchange bulleon and host other altcoins, providing quality order types and liquidity help traders take advantage every situation. bulleon white paper key features simplicity and ease trading: bulleon exchange software offers users suite order types for every scenario and guarantees the convenience simple and quick process, with the additional promise keeping users informed the latest changes crypto trends. user-friendly interface and competitive rates: bulleon allows users work using the platform according their requirement, making possible customize according their user experience based their preferences for the theme, notifications, and presentation figures section affiliate program: earn with bulleon! offer favorable terms your customers and make profit! third-party api integration: because bulleon exchange designed create digital asset trading applications trading tools, its api integration plug-in helps users discover all the cryptocurrency trading possibilities, create their trading charts, edit order types trading positions, and track trading history and crypto wallets movements. reliable protection funds: protect your funds our platform will use cold storage system. bulleon equipped with advanced verification features that help users ascertain the honesty traders, ensure withdrawals protection and enable advanced api key permissions. achieve this, bulleon exchange uses combination digital wallet options ensure maximum security. with these multi wallet features, users can trade freely and securely without depending third-party platform. these options include hardware wallet, cold wallet, desktop wallet, mobile wallet and paper wallet. additionally, the design also provides extra layer security enabling users restrict access their accounts using biometric and two-factor authentication system. using bulleon trading platform the following simple processes are involved interfacing with the bulleon exchange platform: bulleon sign up: the simple, user-friendly interface makes the process signing the bulleon exchange platform very easy and straightforward either for token holders those hearing about the bulleon ico for the first time. funding: after signing users can choose from multitude digital currencies, but recommended with the bulleon token. trading: once the account funded users are ready for trading, exchanging and investing various digital currency pairs. bulleon offers plenty choices, supports all major digital currencies, and even new ico listings and their respective tokens. bulleon white paper supported cryptocurrencies: traders can use the platform for multiple digital currencies, including, but not limited bulleon, bitcoin, bitcoin cash, bitcoin gold, ethereum, ethereum classic, eos, dash, litecoin, neo, gas, zcash, dash, ripple and more. mentioned before, bulleon also supports numerous tokens, part ico listings. with this mind, traders can use the platform trade these tokens for profit well. bulleon customer support: place premium customer service because know key the success every exchange the platform. live support features are currently being deployed both for chat and calls. based the above service outlay, safe optimistic that bulleon poised become the leading cryptocurrency exchange the world. this predictably because its operating principle offering great fees and awesome digital currency support service. all that combined with the human and financial resources from partnerships and direct investment the firm's disposal, chances are that bulleon will continue evolve and offer great digital currency exchange services its clients. phase bulleon e-commerce payment gateway for merchants more businesses embrace the e-commerce model, the need for efficient payment gateways and shopping carts integration services the transaction cycle has been increased. bulleon payments gateway for merchants represents one-stop solution this direction. this tool enables merchants receive cryptocurrency/bulleon (bul) and facilitates it's easy well aid merchant accounts their interaction with other bulleon services and tools (bulleon debit card, exchange, bulleon mobile/ios/android/web app). key features our service: point sale for merchants integration with bulleon debit card bulleon exchange api (crypto fiat and reverse conversion service) in-store payments (merchant can accept cryptocurrencies for e-commerce and physical stores) easy integration e-commerce platforms accept cryptocurrencies physical stores with bulleon app (instant fiat/crypto convert possibility) easy reporting tools web payment buttons e-commerce integration with any external systems tools existing e-commerce payment models and their shortcomings the existing traditional payment gateway model integrates into e-commerce website's shopping cart collecting payment information provided customers the check-out. the gateway then encrypts bulleon white paper the data and transmits the card issuing bank for authorization. the authorization response then sent the merchant and displayed the cardholder. essence, the payment gateway serves for web-based merchants the same purpose that point-of-sale (pos) terminal does for brick-and-mortar businesses. apart from slow transaction speed, this model means cardholders share lot personal information the process and ultimately get pay, sometimes double, processing charges. the bulleon advantage unlike the traditional payment gateway model above, bulleon e-commerce payment gateway brings board blockchain smart contracts crypto technology speed the process more securely and privately, eliminating the issue double transaction charges while doing so. with the bulleon merchant account service, merchants can accept cryptocurrency place fiat through seamless connection the merchant's physical and/or virtual check-out tools with bulleon's crypto-fiat exchange interface. how works (a) for non-crypto cardholders the cardholder fills out online payment information form pay for purchase ecommerce website's check-out. the bulleon gateway interfaces between cardholder's bank and converts cardholder's input into cryptocurrency through bulleon exchange api. the bulleon gateway then connects the merchant's physical and/or virtual check-out tools with bulleon's exchange api process payment. the merchant can decide convert sales back fiat via the bulleon exchange api retain payment cryptocurrency (b) for bulleon debit card holders for bulleon cardholders the process even simpler. the cardholder pays for anything merchant check-out with their card inputting the value their purchase the bulleon gateway web, app physical point sales button. instant validation takes place and transaction done. bank, card issuer processor downtime charges! the merchant can decide convert sales back fiat via the bulleon exchange api retain payment cryptocurrency (c) for other cryptocurrency card holders the cardholder pays for anything merchant check-out with their card inputting the value their purchase the bulleon gateway web, app physical point sales button. bulleon exchange api then converts the cryptocurrency bulleon and adds the full payment merchant's bulleon account settlement. the merchant can decide convert sales back fiat via the bulleon exchange api retain payment cryptocurrency integration with any external systems tools using our bulleon exchange api, javascript api webhooks, merchants can supercharge their e-commerce platform integration: connect with inventory management systems, dropshipping solutions, email bulleon white paper marketing platforms, pos solutions, crms, and use bulleon encrypted data bank with their favorite tools create efficient omnichannel shopping experience! our feature-rich gateway processes online card payments well popular alternative payment methods from any device (mobile/laptop/in-app) secure, fast and consistent manner. the gateway highly reliable and designed provide high availability, even times peak transaction volumes. single integration enables access variety innovative solutions and connects each merchant large number acquirers via our vast global network. benefits our service the benefits our smart solution include: increased sales: the rollout our new payment acceptance technology will help merchants reach tech-savvy generation and increase sales. guaranteed security: build trust and ensure safety overcome security concerns using infrastructure and technology which adheres standard safety and security protocols. optimized checkout conversion: seamless payment process and tools aid convenience minimize basket abandonment. reduction operational costs: utilize single solution meet all global needs. enjoy global appeal: because offer the best conversion rates from digital fiat currency and bulleon spendable anywhere. the list services our platform offers listed above make top choice for any serious ecommerce business today. all the business types below can partner with for optimal e-commerce platform leveraging the revolutionary blockchain technology. ... phase peer-to-peer lending platform having carefully analyzed cryptocurrencies and their growth relation fiat money, concluded that this market lacks lending vehicles. the most popular way get fiat currency for digital asset sell the asset the exchange. this economically unfeasible, since the value cryptocurrency can significantly increase literally within week, after which the holder will lose impressive amount. the bulleon project offers alternative. using our system, cryptocurrency holder can get loan fiat money the security his/her digital asset. before the end the loan period, the security deposit will remain the protected bulleon system. once the loan and the interest are paid within the agreed period, bulleon white paper the pledged asset will returned the borrower full. the bulleon platform will provide opportunity instantly issue our internal virtual plastic payment card (read more: bulleon international debit card). using bulleon international debit card, you can make payments around the world wherever debit card payment enabled. convenient and beneficial, the user such services does not pay additional fees. besides, the platform users will able order debit card with worldwide delivery. borrowers will able instantly receive credit funds the fiat currency use depending their needs cash out funds atms, pay through terminals, shop online. compared with traditional financial institutions that issue loans, bulleon has many advantages. the traditional collateral scheme, the lender forced huge amount work secure the deal: maintain credit center that verifies the borrower's solvency, arrange the collateral assessment, transfer and store the borrowers' assets. may seem that the lender's work should not interest the borrower. however, one should remember that all costs are included the interest rate, which results rise the loan price. bulleon solves this problem. our system guarantees repayment funds full together with interest for using the loan and dispenses the lender from additional actions and risks. consequently, the borrower will receive the lowest interest rate and will not spend time signing papers, going the bank, waiting line and carrying out the property assessment. there need for credit centered this approach. this gives advantages both parties the deal: the lender does not need independently assess the risks; the borrower receives loan regardless the credit record. the traditional system, one needs have sufficiently solid startup capital and know the subtleties the profession become successful lender. bulleon allows absolutely any individual legal entity that has fiat funds become lender, and assumes risks associated with the loan repayment. user who offers lend funds sets the interest rate, amount the loan and its term his/her own, and our system seeks the borrower the database, who interested such terms. key features peer-to-peer lenders platform: using our system, cryptocurrency holder can get loan fiat money the security his/her digital asset. before the end the loan period, the security deposit will remain the protected bulleon system. secured lending: once the loan and the interest are paid within the agreed period, the pledged asset will returned the borrower full. instant disbursement: the bulleon platform will provide opportunity issue our internal virtual bulleon international debit card instantly transparent internal ecosystem: borrowers will able instantly receive credit funds the fiat currency directly the bulleon account use depending their needs cash out funds atms, pay through terminals shop online. bulleon white paper advantages over traditional loan schemes the overriding benefits include: fast response: with bulleon, anyone can borrow and lend almost instantaneously without unnecessary friction from banks and government regulations. flexible/customized interests rate: you can crowdsource your loans from lenders around the world powered bitcoin economy choosing interest rate which you can afford. processing charge: there processing fee charged the borrower lender for this. win-win for lenders and borrowers: through this system, lenders get profitable interest rates, and borrowers can borrow cheap loans, all thanks the power blockchain's speed and bulleon's quest offer cheaper alternative. risk management and assurance apart from the protection that comes with the flexibility interests rates, open access information about users and direct choice interests between peers, all loans the platform are protected buyback and default guarantees, which allow users have full control over your finances any given time. through buyback, the platform obliges itself buy back the investment single day case the clients wish stop investing. default guarantee activated when borrower late with the payment for more than three days. bulleon will cover all late installments with digital assets held borrowers. conclusion bulleon growing stature the day even its ico continues command more global patronage. with the full deployment this peer-to-peer lending platform the company has opened priceless vista global wealth building the individuals seeking loans and investors alike. regardless the budget thanks, bulleon's no-fees and low entry point service perfect tonic for the next global economic boom for all the world's population. small budget investors, seasoned investors, moneybags, everyone can reap the benefits the blockchain revolution. ... phase merging services into single active platform integration all services into single active platform; fully integrated solution will give you interactive view all bulleons services and instruments. bulleon will help you meet everyday digital asset related needs. with bulleon you get the user-friendly tools you need handle all your digital resource needs and navigate the crypto world easily focusing your business requirements. focus your idea, let the rest. with our solutions, you can break down information silos, better exploit synergies, and pool efforts among your staff and departments through clear, common vision all key elements your organization and the role each stakeholder. bulleon white paper utilizing open apis, create integrated software ecosystem that stores all the data required for running the company while simultaneously providing all users with real-time access the crucial information you need. ... phase biometric hardware wallet login authentication deliver most secure and safe operating environment for all its users, bulleon has adopted advanced biometric security technology process user access its services any point time. this measure which serves reliable means ensuring that users are who they say they are, also help ensure that bulleon's service complies with know your customer (kyc) requirements any country where operates worldwide. with bulleon's biometric hardware wallet login authentication, users get secure access all our services across all mobile app and web platforms using biometric fingerprint authentication. with this all user assets are safely protected from scammers through one-way conversion biometric data into proprietary template format which prevents recreation, reverse-engineering use for unintended purposes, thereby protecting the user from any form theft. furthermore, this biometric data will encrypted and digitally signed using strong -bit aes technology. this hardwaregenerated, one-time encryption keys ensure that biometric data remains entirely within the host's trusted execution environment, where it's available only processes known trustworthy. the end, combining the decentralized blockchain principle with identity verification, digital created act digital watermark which can assigned every online transaction any asset. conclusion eliminates fraud and hidden fees: eliminating fraud, also eliminates interchange fees addition making sure that the person doing authorizing the transaction percent the owner. enhancement user privacy and security: with bulleon's biometric hardware wallet all user's personal information such their biometrics and payment details are decentralized, meaning hackers cannot tap into central data source gain access user credentials. bulleon white paper improved customer experience: with lightning-fast biometric authentication, our hardware wallet and login authentication provide superior security experience across all devices without having wait for emails and texts complete login process conduct any user activity transactions how works using advanced encryption software, aes, -bit, the bulleon hardware wallet and login authentication protocol converts biometric data and other into one-way proprietary template format, making impossible recreate, re-engineer use for unintended purposes. this encryption method aes symmetric block cipher which used the highest level security protect classified information and implemented software and hardware throughout the world encrypt sensitive data. why chose aes -bit aes -bit encryption represents top-level data/file encryption technique that uses -bit key encrypt and decrypt data files. the -bit encryption refers the length the encryption key used encrypt data stream file. hacker cracker will require different combinations break -bit encrypted message, which virtually impossible broken even the fastest computers. now, when you consider the fact that the fusion passwords and other procedures expire quickly, hacker's effort repeatedly beat the time allocation for each login initiates. since the system has been built detect such, multiple failures successfully login hacker will then raise red flag which will lead autoprotective action bulleon engine. security tips for wallet authentication and login because the digital space volatile and prone malicious users, the following additional precautions are very vital every single transaction process the bulleon platform. authentication: all bulleon platform users and token holders must understand that authentication should only used access their account merchant orders. bulleon application requires access other bulleon users' accounts, not use api key. securely access other bulleon users' accounts, the bulleon in-app messaging should used. signing requests: api key authentication requires each request signed (enhanced security measure). users can create and activate new api keys their api settings. very important note that each user's api keys should assigned access only accounts and permission scopes that are necessary for the app function. conclusion, pertinent state that bulleon prioritizes the security its operating environment and such will continue stay alert better ways safeguard and assure investors and users the safety and security their investments and information. bulleon white paper ... phase payment dividends and launch full-fledged commercial activity line with its ico promise, bulleon, the all-in-one digital asset platform, glad unveil the phase its project outline. this stage marks deployment least public beta versions all previous phases that have been released. represents major milestone for not just bulleon, but the entire cryptocurrency ecosystem the steady incline bulleon's first its kind 'no time limit' ico continues wow investors and industry watchers. what this milestone means that less than year, bulleon has gone beyond the execution the first five items its roadmap, kick starting ten its project phases. these phases include: phase preparing transparent structure and commercial activity plan the company phase ios/android/windows/mac/web app development start phase cloud mining platform and data-center construction start phase bulleon international debit card phase independent cryptocurrency trading platform phase bulleon e-commerce payment gateway for merchants) phase peer--peer lending platform phase biometric hardware wallet login authentication phase integration services into single active platform and phase the official announcement dividends payments setting quarterly dividends payout clock pertinent state that natural order the project life bulleon, that integration services and tools takes place from phase onwards. this stage, commercial activity has already begun, and the operating profit invested the dividend fund. however, since the integration services and tools commenced from phase only normal for the benchmark for deciding the commencement quarterly payments dividends because that when the bulleon engine became operational the marketplace. dividend calculation formula phase bulleon can said have laid the groundwork for engaging robust cryptocurrency business, and from here the funds raised from the ico are calculated formula: (ico raised funds) (the cost executing the project) dividend allocation: are allocated bul investors/ shareholders/token-holders. the funds remain available continue the operation the company. bulleon white paper bulleon quarterly payments outlay one-time dividend payments the end phase surplus funds (eth) will distributed the top total ownership percentage total surplus funds. quarterly dividends operating profit will paid quarterly the top total ownership percentage relation total operating profit the whole company. nb: payments one-time dividends quarterly dividends will sent those addresses whose bul blockchain snapshot will prove token ownership. interests the shareholders line with our commitment protecting shareholders' interests bulleon makes top priority update them with information regarding any changes projections how payments would calculated and distributed. some conditions and timing may change, but the overall process for going forward remains place. transparency and external auditing because operate the principles best practices, will not leave all the calculations the operating costs and revenues our in-house financial team alone. bulleon's entire operations will audited a-list auditing firm and report from the audit will made public before any dividends are paid. the meantime, there will some visibility into the performance current business operations for token holders via the investor dashboard phase unbundles successfully. our priority give much visibility into our operations practicable. nb: holders who sell their tokens will not get the dividends. payments will only wallets holding bulleon the time payout. smart-contract structure bulleon smart-contract bulleon's smart contract written the solidity programming language and completely open source. anyone who wants explore gets full rights so. perfectly understandable know what functions its code contains. smart contract functions smart contract constructed way that the contract owner would not have any authority control after will deployed the ethereum blockchain. few functions have been left the assembly case something bulleon white paper unexpected happens, but they have effect bulleon and its economy; hence, there nothing worried about. the functions left maintain the contract owner are: change contract owner withdrawal address, force withdraw eth (if the funds are stuck contract), burn specific amount bulleons, set bonus percentage, pause and unpause the token transfer function. one can ever create more bulleons, move them another address, otherwise manage bulleons inside the ico smart contract. even, not have the authority manage them the contract. thus, the only way get them out the contract purchasing them. this decision has been made for the peace mind investors. finances ico force gathering whirl bulleon bulleon's internal cryptocurrency gains its value gathering the labor input into it. continuous hard work makes better and stronger, and exponential labor input for the project's developing and marketing and fast business expansion will guarantee continuous price-lifting force. look the infographic. bob purchases some bulleons bulleon receives payment after purchase, will immediately receive the bulleons his favorite wallet. and uses part immediately his own development hiring more required employees and specialists. reputation price once the force gathering whirl bulleon rolled out, begins gather reputation and trust, causing the price rise. force gathering whirl bulleon aggressive marketing the other part will used for aggressive marketing via all possible channels the internet. investors bulleons purchases because marketing will very effective, naturally will bring new investors. whenever new supporter purchases bulleons, will make bulleon more powerful. bob purchases some bulleons. after purchase, will immediately receive the bulleons his favorite wallet. bulleon receives payment and uses part immediately his own development hiring bulleon white paper more required employees and specialists (marketing experts, advisors, finance managers, designers, programmers, assistants). the other part will used for aggressive marketing via all possible channels the internet. because marketing will very effective, naturally will bring new investors. whenever new supporter purchases bulleons, will make bulleon more powerful. once the force gathering whirl bulleon rolled out, begins gather reputation and trust, causing the price rise. ico phase structure there will total phases, with time limit. each phase will contain ,bul for fixed price. price bul/eth ico phase phase phase phase phase phase tokens (bul) phase phase price bul/eth phase phase phase financing (eth) phase phase phase phase phase phase phase phase phase phase total: hard cap: eth bulleon white paper distribution total bulleon supply: million (,,) bul, which: will offered for purchase will distributed for bounty program will distributed for airdrop program will reserved for founders ethereum erc token bulleon (bul) purchase methods accepted: ether (eth), usd and other cryptocurrencies maximum cap crowdsale: ,eth funds allocation marketing core development supporting bul exchange rate/buy-back services, legal expenses, accountancy and other the fund raised during ico activity will fully and completely used for the development the bulleon platform. depending the volume funds raised, specific scheme for the allocation the fund will chosen. one the main goals the bulleon project build strong and durable cryptocurrency. the raised funds will used support this goal. support strong exchange rate, bulleon will constantly purchase bul currency from active bul markets. the bul currency will bought back only the case when the market rate lower than the ico selling price. total raised funds will used cover expenses for promoting the project and expanding the user base, promotion new markets, international partnerships, visiting conferences and issue-related exhibitions. will used for development the core, adoption blockchain technologies and smart contracts, creation new products and services, implementation the voting mechanism. will used for payment for services, legal expenses, accountancy, operating and other expenses. bulleon white paper dividend distribution the dividends distribution process consists two stages: getting the accurate data about the bul distribution among users (dividends report) and spreading the company profit among the token holders. have proof bul ownership exact addresses, bulleon will make snapshots blockchain prior each dividends distribution using specially developed tool. allows capturing the current state tokens distribution among investors the exact block. the number the milestone block, well approximate date and time its appearance, will announced advance, both email and the bulleon website. bulleon financial management undertakes transfer the company distributable profit the dividends distribution smartcontract quarterly basis. the date dividends distribution will announced advance bulleon official website. dividends distribution smart-contract designed distribute profit among the investors according their stakes. all the payments will made eth. dividends will sent those addresses whose bul token ownership will proved snapshot the blockchain. with bulleon, the possibilities are endless one-time dividend payment once all tokens are sold, the first goal achieved. the end phase calculated how much funds the project needs reach all the goals, surplus funds (eth) will distributed the top total ownership percentage relation the total surplus funds. the funds remain available continue the operation the company. this one-time dividend payment. example, after the end phase the surplus funds will total ,eth. you own bul, which all bul supply. you get the surplus funds dividends, which eth (roughly ,usd). bulleon white paper quarterly dividends operating profit will paid quarterly the top total ownership percentage relation total operating profit the whole company. dividends are paid shareholders long the company makes the operating profit. example: you own bul, which all bul supply. the company's operating profit for million. you will receive ,usd dividends. ico schedule and limits ico will start phase one. phases are not time-constrained, once one phase sells out, the next one will start automatically. ico ends one the following conditions met: all tokens are sold out before -dec- all the tokens have not been sold before -dec-, the ico will end automatically the turn the year. all unsold tokens will burnt. tokens will locked individual holding wallet for the entire duration the ico. once the ico ends, anyone who has the bul token his/her wallet can unlock the token transfer feature, allowing moved between wallets ultimately permitting token traded. active phase has only little bul for sale, the purchase calculated according the buying phase rate and the next phase. for example, phase there's only remaining bul, and you decide buy bul. the first bul will charged phase rate and the rest bul phase rate. bounty program bounty program will help spread the word, and translators, bloggers, writers otherwise helping people will get the reward for their work. bulleon white paper our team our amazing team take closer look into our amazing team. won't bite. vitaly chizhov co-founder ceo vitaly the driving force behind bulleon. self-confessed blockchain enthusiast with over years experience navigating the cryptoverse. when not thinking about the next big idea, enjoys exploring topics that range from technology and programming economics. anita volk graphic designer project assistant known for her limitless creativity and unbelievable capacity create innovative design concepts, anita joins bulleon's dream team mission unlock the power great design and help take projects fruition. arina golubeva alex golubev focused and determined, arina bulleon's co-founder and cmo. she brings the table years experience marketing leadership positions, superb marketing strategist mindset and dynamic personality achieve results with impact. passionate and experienced developer capable turning any idea into reality with the power code. now, combines his know-how, experience and capacity solve complex problems lightning speed guide bulleon's technological strategy. nathan christian vladimir nikitin co-founder cmo blockchain advisor serial entrepreneur with over startups under his belt, mba and renowned technical expert blockchain-based accounting and financial applications. nathan will combine his drive and successful track record cement bulleon's strategy, mission and vision. cto legal advisor top ranked worldwide icobench veteran, vladimir world-class legal consultant who specializes the finance, retail and industry. renowned cryptocurrency expert and ico advisor who now joins bulleon legal advisor ready help the team navigate the complexities the regulatory and legal framework. bulleon simon cocking marketing advisor ranked top worldwide icobench expert, simon works advisory board member for several other successful ico launches. joins bulleon leverage his experience, sharp creative mind and successful relationships with the media design our strategy, boost bulleon's marketing efforts and skyrocket engagement. white paper phillip nunn matti vilola recognized specialist the areas finance, wealth management, angel investment and financial technology. phillip has travelled the world sharing his blockchain and cryptocurrency knowledge and has become well-known personality. today, leverages over years experience help position bulleon leading company the industry. with over years experience working engineering and management positions, matti has been heavily involved the high-tech, online, mobile and security industries. now, ready leverage his experience, technology background and capacity adapt ever-changing circumstances help bulleon get ready respond any market changes and achieve short and long-term success. fintech advisor nikolay shkilev tanzeel hayder tech guru, founder and ceo the private business club, recipient the "enterprise the year" award and cofounder top ico advisors. nikolay joins advisor, combining over two decades experience, countless awards the sphere and vast skill set help define bulleon's path success. accredited financial specialist with nearly decade international over years experience. now, syeed ready leverage his results-oriented mind and financial acumen create effective financial models, spot trends and remain top the latest market changes ensure that bulleon becomes success. advisor (it and blockchain) financial analyst icobench expert advisor (finance) mani teja community manager day trader and investor who knows the blockchain and virtual currency industry inside out. aware the potential blockchain and bulleon's impact, mani decided join this adventure community manager. bulleon davorin bebek social media coordinator with master's degree law, davor decided take the leap and become social media manager and consultant for several blockchain companies. now, joins bulleon experience campaign builder ready drum interest, awareness and engagement across multiple social media channels. white paper denis balabanov ux/ui designer with over years experience graphic designer, denis powerhouse when comes taking any complex projects into reality. today, combines his experience and mastery graphic designer ensure that bulleon's user interface and user experience are the top their game. mosspole blockchain technology consultants created group seasoned ico consultants and community managers, mosspole joins bulleon strategic partner. fully ready and able handle public relations and community engagement, mosspole mission help bulleon reach new heights. anton koltsov blockchain developer anton koltsov blockchain developer and essential part bulleon's development team. with over years combined experience programming, blockchain technology and smart-contract writing, koltsov certified blockchain expert who has been vital part countless blockchain projects. now, leverages his experience impact entire industry along with our team, equipped with the know-how and skills tackle any project regardless complexity.