bulwark cryptocurrency whitepaper bulwark core team: levi (project director) jack (marketing director) stu (blockchain developer) dustin (full-stack developer) kewagi (software engineer) patrick (brand and design manager) voxterra (community manager) the bulwark core team october version we, the bulwark core team, confirm that the work presented this whitepaper our own. where information has been derived from other sources, confirm that this has been indicated the attributions. abstract bulwark (ticker: bwk) community-oriented coin born out observation generally unfair practices within the masternode privacy coin space. our deliberate, fair, launch strategy allows participants the opportunity join promising project inception. offer simple value proposition with grandiose promise: will deliver privacy coin that works today and into the future leveraging best-practices from both dash and pivx. fanciful visions with limited prospect delivery, but working coin working platform with support into the future. this does not mean plan innovation, but instead that will deliver results rather than hype. bulwark's main focus will number privacy hardware developments that will expand upon the capabilities our blockchain while also offering additional privacy enhancements for those that choose build acquire them. with ico, soft-launch reward ramp, small premine, and miner-favored block reward allocations, bulwark adopters will have ground-floor access privacy coin offering blend masternodes and the best available privacy hardware technology alongside meaningful development roadmap. masternodes will available, and functioning, launch and are fundamental part this coin's vision and will stabilize circulation, secure the network, and provide important functionality. acknowledgements bulwark would not have been possible without the prior works the respective bitcoin, peercoin, blackcoin, talkcoin, dash and pivx teams. open source software and its contributors are constantly paving the way toward new and exciting innovations. when information and knowledge are free build upon, society whole benefits. are grateful our predecessors for the opportunity contribute this growing ecosystem. table contents abstract acknowledgements abbreviations brief introduction cryptocurrency background the block the blockchain proof-of-work proof-of-stake blockchain parameters. bulwark specifications glance slowstart dark gravity wave block rewards pow block rewards pos block rewards feature set masternodes obfuscation coin mixing introducing bulwark solid foundation team dedicated the community fair and balanced fast and functional privacy hardware development our conclusion summary future work references the zerocoin protocol swifttx sporks tor ipv masternodes community importance and the governance system pos/masternode rewards open source stance future privacy and software enhancements extension our branding design and visual bulwark secure home node bulwark payment gateway bulwark hardware wallet bulwark home router abbreviations asic cpu cad bwk tor application-specific integrated circuit central processing unit computer aided design bulwark cryptocurrency the onion router masternode block reward user interface user experience chapter brief introduction cryptocurrency background satoshi nakamoto released paper entitled bitcoin: peer-to-peer electronic cash system detailing his vision commerce. nakamoto's vision detailed peer-to-peer currency system backed hash based proof-of-work. the network would timestamp transactions hashing them into ongoing ledger that could not changed without redoing the proof-of-work. nodes would choose the longest chain proof events witnessed the largest pool hashing power. long the network hashing power controlled nodes not intending facilitate attack, the chain they generate will remain the longest. (nakamoto the block each block the network prefaced with byte header containing double sha hashed copy the previous block's header, merkle root double sha hashed derivation all the hashes that occurred the block), the time stamp which proof-of-work began, difficulty target this header's hash must less-than equal to, and the nonce which miners reached the difficulty target. such, any attempts modify any transaction any block will result the rejection the block the network's miners. (bitcoin core team the blockchain groups transactions are formed into blocks and those blocks are placed chronologically into chain forming the blockchain. the blockchain creates moving history all the activity within the network and serves distributed consensus model where any transaction can verified any time (crosby al. proof-of-work proof-of-work system verification which miners must devote tangible resources (electricity, hardware costs) solve arbitrary probabilistic word puzzle. order for bad actor taint the blockchain with fraudulent transaction, they must complete all proof-of-work the present point. (okupski note: bulwark longer proof work and transitioned into proof stake june proof-of-stake proof-of-stake competition between shareholders, where based connectivity the network and random chance, you can receive new coins assist the decentralization the network. proof-of-stake far more energy efficient that requires dedicated hardware and negligible amounts electricity reward miners, and many cases far more resilient attack the network. (blackcoin core team chapter introducing bulwark solid foundation every home needs solid foundation, and bulwark different. bulwark built upon pivx, which itself built upon the popular dash cryptocurrency. while lineages can all traced back the original satoshi core, each project has chosen particular direction with goals and ideals that represent the communities they serve. will extend, and place emphasis on, the privacy coin features our predecessor platforms exploring new technologies, while creating tool sets and opportunities for bulwark's integration into present day technology platforms. team dedicated the community for some projects, communities are afterthought. bulwark's number one priority the community. with giveaways, contests, lively discussion platform and zerotolerance policy toward the harassment newcomers, bulwark strives the cryptocurrency for all varieties end-users. members our userbase are already contributing useful scripts and guides further enhance the user experience. fair and balanced the time writing, there have been influx cryptocurrencies utilizing similar foundation. while the underlying technology solid, oftentimes deeper examination their specifications and blockchain parameters reveals less-than-fair practices. fast and functional with second block time, masternode consensus and transaction locking, reasonable emissions schedule, and eco-friendly staking, bulwark aspires truly fast and functional cryptocurrency. privacy hardware development bulwark has elected put its primary focus developing number privacy hardware developments enhance user's abilities retain their freedom and privacy while providing justifiable price point. some these developments are discussed more depth chapter (the future) and include staking boxes, secure local masternode hosting solutions, hardware wallets, and network routers. chapter our blockchain parameters. bulwark specifications glance table glance specifications for bulwark specification descriptor ticker algorithm rpc port port block spacing difficulty algorithm block size mined/minted maturity confirmation circulation year) circulation years) pow period pos period protocol support pos bwk nist seconds dark gravity wave blocks minutes) blocks minutes) bwk bwk nheight ipv, ipv, tor blackcoin pos slowstart our fair start provided with the following code snippet (credit: zcash). int_t nslowsubsidy coin; (nheight pre-proposal section our website. provide citations for all discussions that occurred from the previous step. treat your pre-proposal what will submitted the blockchain for voting. upon completion these steps, you will submit your proposal the blockchain. prepared for two fees, one the time submission and ballot fee paid the developer that activates your proposal the blockchain. the submission fee non-refundable, and the balloting fee will only paid upon approval and activation your proposal. everyone free adjust their proposal include the reimbursement cost these two fees. please make sure your formal proposal you state that you are adding reimbursement the stipend requested. sure get back touch with everyone you spoke with your idea will voted on. for proposal paid out, the eligible masternodes must vote 'yes' your proposal. this process getting consensus can much harder than sounds, diligent, informative, and respectful procuring the votes necessary for your proposal paid. pos/masternode rewards bulwark has decided utilize reward system mn/% pos block reward split until governance goes live, where will remove from each, resulting mn/ pos/ governance. open source stance the bulwark team strong proponent open source development. all works, present and future, will always made open source the community. cryptocurrency massively growing technological endeavor and strongly believe that proprietary and closed source developments hinder advancement and innovation. scripts, toolsets, and codebases for all bulwark projects are free for others use under the appropriate open source license. chapter the future privacy and software enhancements are committed adopting new protocols that will enhance the privacy our userbase. there are several paths are evaluating present and plan begin internal testing and development the first half some these enhancements include: privacy network zerocoin protocol stealth addressing (when are confident the maturity the solution) synchronizing our codebase closer with bitcoin mainline streamlining/updating wallet extension our branding will continue extend our brand and intend work with hardware vendors and system integrators which share the same passion and ideals that do. five years want the name 'bulwark' synonymous with not just cryptocurrency but privacy, security, and the respect for user's freedom. bulwark's main purpose provide freedom choice through privacy. design and visual through research and development, aim create visual design for bulwark that sets apart from its competition the crypto market. our design team plans innovate and experiment with the current ui/ux/branding ultimately achieve design excellence searching for medium that allows the best user experience, and aesthetics that are innovative and beautiful. this will done researching our competitors, keeping top current technological trends standards, and continuously striving bring new and exciting visuals the end-users. bulwark secure home node will working with cad specialists design small, self-contained, home bulwark node. users will able connect this their home network and configure using web ui. the functions intend launch with are follows: for those with stable internet connections, easy set fully onionized masternode (or full node) using tor hidden services bulwark staking through either virtualization add-on device keeping with the spirit decentralization, all source code will available the community for home assembly. bulwark payment gateway the bulwark team originally reworked the woocommerce plugin for use selling the first version the bulwark secure home node our website. with all our developments, will continue fine tuning and improving this development that any online merchant can utilize our software able utilize bulwark payment method. bulwark hardware wallet the first standalone and open source hardware wallet which users will able safely and securely store bulwark. hardware specifications well software will made open source upon launch any cryptocurrency can fork use for their own project. the goal with the bulwark hardware wallet allow the community cheap and cost effective alternative storing their coins without having rely larger companies that provide overpriced solutions closed source hardware. bulwark home router standalone router, secure home node, and staking box all wrapped one package. the bulwark home router will allow routing all network traffic through optional tor network routing allowing for the best security and privacy while maintaining all the capabilities enjoyed the bulwark secure home node. chapter conclusion summary bulwark privacy-oriented coin with masternodes, governance, and evolving ecosystem tools. the project began with fair launch and focus broad coin distribution. the slow start, block reward split, and hashing algorithm were deliberately selected create opportunities for significant community participation. bulwark launched with variety important privacy coin features and the development team hard work introduce new features and build upon existing technologies. bulwark aims empower choice through privacy and will focus considerable effort this end. future work the masternode privacy coin ecosystem has recently been inundated coins seeking entice new users through promises substantial returns investment, gigantic road maps filled with improbable deliverables, and general focus marketing over actual improvement within the space. bulwark plans the opposite: low hype creation and high actual creation. present and future goals for the project will follow the formula being specific, measurable, attainable, relevant, and time bound. references bitcoin core team, t., bitcoin developer reference. available at: https://bitcoin.org/en/ developer-reference#block-headers. blackcoin core team, t., security analysis proof-of-stake protocol v.. available at: https: //bravenewcoin.com/assets/whitepapers/blackcoin-pos-.pdf. crosby, m., nachiappan, pattanayak, p., verma, s., al., blockchain technology. available at: http://scet.berkeley.edu/wp-content/uploads/blockchainpaper.pdf. kiraly, b., instantsend. available at: https://dashpay.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/doc/pages/ /instantsend. kiraly, b., privatesend. available at: https://dashpay.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/doc/pages/ /privatesend. miers, c.g., ian; garman, zerocoin: anonymous distributed e-cash from bitcoin. available at: http://spar.isi.jhu.edu/~mgreen/zerocoinoakland.pdf. nakamoto, s., bitcoin: peer-to-peer electronic cash system. available at: https://bitcoin.org/ bitcoin.pdf. okupski, k., bitcoin developer reference., pp.-. available at: https://lopp.net/pdf/bitcoin_ developer_reference.pdf. strophy, understanding sporks. available at: https://dashpay.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/doc/ pages//understanding+sporks.