bunnytoken.com table contents bunnytoken: the future payments the adult industry. introduction. look the adult industry. the adult industry numbers the truth behind the glamour breaking down the industry adult live webcams "camming". porn tube sites and galleries. dating services. online sex shops. individual performers. consumers how bunnytoken improves the industry financial insecurity. the problem for businesses the industry. banned from payment providers. high fees. guarantees anonymity. the solution: bunnytoken. full ownership money low fees. security. guaranteed anonymity. united currency. helping individual performers market opportunity and strategy the opportunity optimum marketing strategy the bunny bounty program. referral program. airdrop. bunnytoken.com bunnytoken and its components safe and professional payment provider. the bunnytoken platform. using bunnytoken payment provider payment channels. the bunny wallet the bunny payment page the bunny crm. the bunny api. technological stack. token sale the token. investing its. buying bunny tokens. token distribution. fund allocation. roadmap advisors team. the future. bunnytoken.com bunnytoken: the future payments the adult industry bunnytoken project inspired the adult industry which aims offer all businesses related the industry safe and reliable payment solution, guarantee safety and minimise rejections based the nature the business. our vision future where large share the adult market uses one unified token; bunny, for all their transactions. the different sectors the industry will create intricate ecosystem with thousands interconnected businesses, which the token will exchanged, and its value will consistently the rise. our aim for bunnytoken become the principal cryptocurrency which will largely replace fiat currencies the multibillion dollar adult industry over the course several years. bunnytoken will serve solution prominent problem, becoming highly used and valuable token for millions businesses and individuals. this whitepaper will explain the details this vision and exactly how see coming fruition. introduction the adult industry has been prominent since before print was even invented and has noticeably expanded the last decades due technological advancements such mainstream television, pay per view and course the internet. there are thousands adult websites, magazines, studios, movies even mainstream reality and award shows. the industry, however, continues 'underground' world, which faces not only criticism the public but also many financial limitations which affect users both sides the business. time when viewers have access free adult content the click button, making the decision pay encouraged two main things: security and anonymity, both hard acquire using conventional payment methods the world wide web. comes bunnytoken. with the creation bunny are building ecosystem for the vast types adult businesses and consumers have access advanced, safe and accessible payment system built the revolutionary blockchain technology which caters both ends; the business and the consumer. bunnytoken.com look the adult industry "the widespread use internet porn one the fastest-moving global experiments ever unconsciously conducted" science writer, gary wilson adult content can traced far back pre-historic times cave art. more modern scale the adult industry started the form novels from the and erotic films commenced the dawn motion pictures. the adult industry has grown with every technological advancement, from print television, cable, vhs and dvds. the internet took another level, allowing images and videos become available much larger scale than previously possible. live streaming was the birth adult live webcams. porn websites take total website space but aside from all the free content, porn multi-billion dollar industry. there are big production companies that create and sell movies, websites which offer high quality paid adult content, paid live cam shows, online sex shops, well dating websites, apps and more. the adult industry numbers may come surprise many that the adult industry fact makes large revenue which can compete with some the biggest and best performing companies the world. according toptenreviews report the industry was valued whopping billion dollars annually. the research included more than sources such websites and reports from international media. the adult industry also has its own union called the free speech coalition (fsc) which was preceded the adult film association america (afaa). bunnytoken.com internet content pornography people watch porn every second every are being spent pornography the internet every second min new pornographic video being created the united states among websites, porn competes with the biggest brands. similarweb statistics places xvideos. com place top website ranking for all categories the world. place find xnxx.com which above yahoo, wikipedia and twitter. this quick perspective how the adult industry ranked comparison all other online industries. the truth behind the glamour the industry driven hard working men and women who should have equal rights any other entrepreneurs. unfortunately this not the case. despite the fact that nobody harmed and one's rights are breached, all sectors the adult industry still face large limitations. bunnytoken.com truth watching pornographic content entirely natural human process, and neuroscientist nicole prause says "lots other things are powerful [as porn]. for someone with lower sex drive, for instance, watching porn evokes the same magnitude response eating chocolate, similar brain areas". this industry caters the fantasies and pleasure people through instinctual basic human need, yet individuals and businesses the industry, cannot find steady payment system which guarantees the security their hard earned cash. existing payment systems and banks who accept opening accounts for businesses the adult industry tend place these accounts the 'high risk' category and charge ridiculous fees which can high this automatically reduces profits for businesses and increases cost for consumers. cindy gallop, founder makelovenotporn said interview cannot open business account anywhere ... spoke the startup banks, spoke silicon valley bank, spoke square one bank and they wouldn't touch me". colin hodge, founder down, hook-up app, was rejected chase bank because doesn't allow accounts "that industry". even earlier than that, visa and mastercard decided that adult content would classified 'high risk', meaning businesses this category are charged higher fee, consequently paypal announced would longer work with adult content companies. believe bunnytoken the future because there great potential creating ecosystem around this multi-billion dollar industry which has millions participants and undeniable online presence. the adult industry goes beyond performers and consumers. there large tech and innovation movement such developers dating apps, creators sex related products, sex shop owners and more. based the multitude and span this industry, even small percentage converted bunnytoken, that alone would create enough exchange for bunnytoken become one the leading cryptocurrencies the market. bunnytoken.com breaking down the industry adult live webcams "camming" adult live webcam site adult live webcams also known 'camming' popular form paid adult content during which viewers can tip performers certain sexual acts live. attractive mainly for the fact that there live interaction with the performer and that can far more fascinating than watching pre-recorded content. the new york times reported that industry analysts and executives estimate the industry brings around billion annual revenue, but how much that seen the performers who actually the work? not much one would expect. while some performers make full time living from camming, large percentage their hard earned cash goes into unreasonably large fees for payment methods and some cases their whole accounts are closed due legal restrictions the nature their work. some countries most noticeably eastern europe and asia the risks being underpaid are even higher. performers are hired studios which are located less than perfect locations where internet accessible, and the studios take larger cut the money than promised. bunnytoken.com order avoid large fees many performers use private skype facebook accounts, but this exposes them other risks. cam performer development and training manager nikki night explained interview how cam girls who solo risk not getting paid all having their content recorded and shared without consent. additionally, sharing private personal accounts without payment provider exposes their identity, email, name and more complete strangers. there are thousands camming websites which provide fair platform for live webcam performers connect with paying viewers, however the fees are out their control because the payment providers charge them large fees and the effect trickles down. porn tube sites and galleries online adult tube site porn tube sites, are websites which offer pornographic content the form videos, photos, stories. there are thousands porn sites and some are among the best paid websites the world. this one the largest forms online businesses. bunnytoken.com online adult websites can seen the natural next step, rising from print and film porn. pornography was one one the first industries get the web, when connection speeds were slow took several minutes for one image load. now porn websites offer thousands videos each with content which satisfies any fantasy, hence the coined term "if you think it, exists porn". porn websites are always top all technological advancements, the rise virtual reality relatively recent one, and continues far away from mainstream, yet websites with virtual reality porn already exist. there considerable amount free content, but many websites offer premium accounts for higher quality content, longer versions the scenes niche videos. porn websites are and will continue attraction which receives the attention every person regardless gender ethnicity. paid content however attracts smaller audience because not many people like credit card statement with their name next porn website's name, any trace their viewing habits. dating services mobile dating application bunnytoken.com would surprise many know that dating ads far back the century when personal ads helped british bachelors find eligible wives. the late the explosion the internet created new context for what was once known personal ads, the search for partner became more concise and based algorithms which would help hopefuls find their match and thus the birth match.com. this was one the first dating websites which launched online dating had become the highest online industry for paid content. dating services their core are way link two people semi-blind date, based specific characteristics which indicate that the two individuals may compatible. nowadays these searches are mainly conducted apps, whereby the user browses through large number options before deciding who they'd like get contact with. dating websites and even more apps are the norm look for love hookups this day and age. tinder was officially announced the highest grossing app apple's app store september the same year forbes reported that tinder was valued around billion. tinder popular and interlaced society that the phrases "swipe right" and "swipe left" are now used millenials indicate whether they are attracted someone not, the app allows users swipe left they don't like person and right they do. such apps tend allow users not expose themselves until they have been liked back. this maintains certain level anonymity and saves awkwardness embarrassment. basic functions these apps are also free, but for those who want use them the full extent there are many premium options which give certain benefits like seeing the people who already liked them before liking them back, finding people different countries controlling displayed information the profile. while tinder hit the big leagues there are hundreds online dating services and apps which fall grey area and face issues with their payment providers, and some are not accepted society tinder due their sexual nature which may focus niches and finding sexual partners rather than dating and looking for life partner. bunnytoken.com online sex shops online sexshop forbes reported that the sex toy market had grown into billion industry. online and offline sex shops have managed make name for themselves, certain brands are front and center some the busiest shopping spots. ann summers has over high street stores the united kingdom and was estimated million pounds between and lovehoney group another online sex shop giant which owns several websites including lovehoney.com. the company even has the exclusive license sell fifty shades grey merchandise, based the bestselling book trilogy and box office hit. physical sex shops still exist and are often visited people wearing caps and large sunglasses claiming "buying gift" and very few societies have accepted the purchase sex toys norm. online stores make the process easier, the search can done from the comfort and privacy home. however, packages have delivered person, and once again the dreaded eye eye contact with postal worker faced, then comes the credit card bill with clear and agonizing statement full name and the purchased product. the awkwardness being handed box with naughty toy ends within few minutes, while record the purchase cannot erased. still these stores make large cap the industry and some stores manage succeed but the same struggle persists when comes dealing with their finances. bunnytoken.com individual performers online video chat companies and businesses such porn websites and live cam platforms need performers. these are the people who appear pornographic content and get paid for their acting. performers can work with studios through larger online platforms, make their own deals 'freelance style' and get paid for each project separately, either through studio, company, manager directly through the paying client the case live cams. adult industry performers and actors may frowned upon conditioned society, but many are professionals who build big brand for themselves, get paid well and use their money for good causes and start new businesses. performers struggle maintain bank account which receives unidentified money from profession they cannot disclose because banks can shut down their accounts and freeze their money. addition when these performers receive payments from clients through banks they expose their personal and financial details complete strangers putting themselves large risk. bunnytoken.com consumers consumers the adult industry are countless. every person who watches porn who doesn't? considered consumer. approximately people are viewing pornography every second, while during that same time-frame people are typing adult search terms. supply needs demand and it's coincidence that there are more than million pornographic websites. then there are those who buy adult content. considering the industry makes billions dollars, obvious that more people than think are willing pay for porn. this doesn't mean that the process not problematic for them too. nobody likes linking their bank account and name pornographic purchase online content ordering sex toy. society has not reached point complete acceptance the industry the needs fulfills. when bunnytoken becomes the mainstream currency for adult related products and content around the world consumers will largely benefit too. anonymity one the most valued benefits the adult industry. when bunnytoken becomes payment option for most adult related businesses, any consumer can make purchase assured that their personal and financial details will never traced family members, friends, business partners anyone. additionally costs for purchasing adult related content with bunnytoken will lower, fees will decreased for businesses allowing them sell their products and services lower price. bunnytoken.com how bunnytoken improves the industry the bunnytoken ecosystem was built basic premise; adult industry performers, entrepreneurs and businesses well consumers are all entitled control their privacy, keep their share the money and guarantee their security. the blockchain technology now viewed the future all industries because its ability guarantee all the above mentioned and more. becoming clear that those who master this technology will emerge leaders their sectors. bunnytoken taking the adult industry the next level and ensuring better, safer and more lucrative experience for all parties involved. financial insecurity the moment, adult industry men, women and companies face roadblocks due the fact that many payment providers not want their names publicly linked the adult industry. this also means that once they open bank accounts they are vulnerable having those accounts closed due law changes bank terms and conditions. with fiat currencies once bank decides freeze close account, very difficult and near impossible unlock those funds even when they rightfully belong the account holder. bunnytoken will act the payment provider which accepts adult industry related businesses without demanding high fees, presenting risk blocking accounts exposing identities. the problem for businesses the industry all businesses the industry have two consistent things common; they are related the adult industry and they have problem with their payment providers. banned from payment providers large number payment providers and banks not accept any accounts related the adult industry. high fees companies who accept such accounts tend add large fees because they consider such industries "high risk". bunnytoken.com guarantees any changes bank's terms and conditions, general financial laws could lead the termination bank account. anonymity all types conventional payment methods require full personal details and will bill any payments under the name the service/ product and the payer. the solution: bunnytoken bunnytoken will approach all the aforementioned markets and offer reliable payment solution. "businesses make more profits while consumers spend less" full ownership money digital currencies are independent any third party. transactions through the blockchain are freed from conventional and traditional rules, they are not overlooked government, and only the owner the tokens has control over their money. low fees the payment providers who allow accounts for adult industry related businesses and individuals charge very high fees, because competition almost non-existent. with bunnytoken those fees are much lower making them equal and even less than they normally are any other industry. this instantly means businesses make more profits while consumers spend less. security the infrastructure which underpins the blockchain technology carries huge advantage for the banking sector any industry. through blockchain data transactions stored across vast networks computers that constantly check and verify information with each other. the blockchain system near-impenetrable even the brightest cyber-minds. bunnytoken.com guaranteed anonymity due the ethereum based blockchain platform, digital currency transactions will allow guaranteed anonymity. anyone who uncomfortable with billing statement related any form adult content products will remain anonymous when making purchases with bunnytoken. united currency once more and more companies join bunnytoken, the use bunny the industry will eliminate large transaction costs, because all transactions will eventually made through one united currency. helping individual performers with bunny performers can control their account and receive their payments directly, securely, without large fees and with full anonymity towards the paying end. bunnytoken.com market opportunity and strategy all starts with the question "what the point bunnytoken?" our answer simple: improving one the biggest industries the world, which has grown become multi-billion dollar industry. want create digital currency which will unify all sectors the adult industry making financial transactions safe, less costly and seamless. the opportunity the opportunity starts with the problem: despite its magnitude the industry continues frowned upon best and completely rejected financial institutions worst. while there are many supporters the industry still industry where 'rights' are minimal, and fairness almost non-existent, however over the decades this industry which has fought against all opposition and taken advantage every new technological development climb the ladders success. the blockchain technology the exact revolution needed rid itself all remaining attachments bureaucracy and discrimination. have located all the separate problems and found solution for them. "sex sells" the market opportunity lies the fact that this industry huge with millions participants, and has proven bring large and competitive revenues many countries around the world. this industry will not stop simply because sex sells. sex one three universal languages. sex transcends ethnicity, social status and gender. over the next two years, bunnytoken will aim recruit number these businesses, both big and small. even small percentage will constitute hundreds online businesses offering bunnytoken payment solution and creating large circulation which will give the token value. once bunny becomes the mainstream way purchase and get paid for adult-related content everything changes; bigger players will join and add payment method whilst new businesses and individuals will choose easy and safe choice for opening accounts. bunnytoken.com numbers speak louder than words, and the current numbers the industry well the growth blockchain technology and cryptocurrencies highly indicate that bunnytoken will successful project. optimum marketing strategy success starts from the top and trickles down the bottom; our marketing plan begins with approaching the biggest players the industry and introducing them the concept bunnytoken. once acquire handful powerful partners who are onboard use the bunnytoken platform soon ready they will pave the way wider audience. have already partnered with more than dozen porn websites including goldnude.com and lbsextube.com. industry businesses already partnered with bunnytoken. expect every new partnership increase the value bunny. bunnytoken.com all partners will given badge add their website with the bunnytoken logo. this will increase awareness the brand and place the fast lane becoming the mainstream choice among payment providers. the bunnytoken badge for partner websites. the first part our marketing strategy will focus heavily creating much awareness about bunnytoken can gets distributed into the community. our blockchain specialists will act advisors the marketing team. the importance marketing not lost us; the funding will allocated for marketing and for business development. with this funding will enhance the brand and give more reach through all marketing channels. our channels will managed experienced team specialists who will lead the way branding, public relations, acquisition and sales. bunnytoken will listed major websites which act 'go-to' for finding new cryptocurrency opportunities and that will give bunnytoken major exposure. communities, social media and forums will approached through our various channels, which are already available, active and constantly growing. will let the community our prototypes, developments and every milestone achieve ensure full transparency and earn their trust. both organic and paid forms marketing will follow. our marketing strategy built upon actionable goals which will reach through carefully crafted roadmap online and offline events. not set vague goals, set solid and attainable goals like being one the top cryptocurrencies mid-. bunnytoken.com the bunny bounty program tokens will reserved for the bounty program from the beginning the project. referral program the bunny referral program will based simple customized link that everyone who registers bunnytoken will receive their personal account. this link can shared most forms social media other websites invite new people register for bunnytoken. for every referral who buys the token bonus will offered the link owner. the bonus will consist addition tokens the owner's account which amount the invested tokens his/ her referrals buy. airdrop during quarter will launch airdrop. the airdrop will offer additional tokens everyone who has kept their tokens stored wallet. the airdrop will depend how many tokens will spent the referral program during pre-its and its. larger than expected amount tokens remains, could potentially launch second airdrop. bunnytoken.com bunnytoken and its components safe and professional payment provider while our aim provide easy and accessible payment system for the adult industry, will ensure all our clients are legal and produce ethical content which does not include any harm individuals, underaged performers, human trafficking illegal acts any kind. plan partner with top performing websites who operate under ethical and legal standards and offer content for entertainment purposes without mistreating any their performers indulging incriminating acts. what support giving freedom adult content producers and consumers creative without being judged and taken advantage due the nature their business. believe that long all parties are consenting adult businesses, performers and consumers the adult industry should not excluded from having their own fair and reliable payment system, and this the section the industry will cater to. all merchants the bunnytoken platform have through registration and identification process. this ensure overall security. the bunnytoken platform the bunnytoken platform payment system which facilitates the transfer bunny tokens between merchants and acquirers. what sets this platform apart only offers the exchange digital currency and built the ethereum blockchain technology, ensuring security and anonymity. the core the payment system act substitute traditional online payment methods such paypal. the bunnytoken can replace traditional banking systems for businesses related the adult industry. the payment instrument will the bunny token (bunny), which can purchased during pre initial token sale (its) and its stages later through exchange. the payment system will electronic based and the delivery channel will the bunnytoken wallet, through funding page created for bunnytoken. bunnytoken.com using bunnytoken payment provider website offers bunnytoken payment method. client wants purchase premium video content. the video costs bunny. client chooses bunnytoken payment method and lead the payment page. client enters the amount bunny tokens he/she wants pay. client uses his/ her crypto wallet (e.g. bunnywallet) and pays bunny. website receives bunny its crypto wallet and unlocks premium content. the exchange complete. client has not disclosed any personal details financial information throughout the process. website risk having its account shut down and lose its profits. payment channels payment channels will securely set the blockchain technology and payments will made from crypto wallet with pre-purchased bunny tokens. using cryptocurrency-only payments further ensure security and anonymity fully immersed blockchain technology experience. bunnytoken.com the bunny wallet will develop our own bunny wallet which everyone with bunnytoken account will able use. through the secure ethereum based wallet, payments can made and received. bunny tokens however, can stored any wallet which supports erc. most ethereum wallets support erc, few such wallets: ethereum wallet, myetherwallet, metamask, mist, parity, imtoken, trust and cipher. the bunnytoken wallet can accessed through the ethereum network. security top priority for bunnytoken and the wallet will reliable and safe unit for cryptographic money. the bunny wallet will desktop application and will become available app native ios and android. bunnytoken.com the bunny payment page bunnytoken will offer completely integrated payment system the framework any adult website payment options. merchants will able integrate their business with bunnytoken's customizable payment page easy and user friendly interface which will eliminate any complications working with cryptocurrencies. the page will supported all browsers and responsive viewed smartphones, tablets and any other devices. the page will easy integrate into existing payment pages and merchants will receive technical help from the bunnytoken team necessary. merchants and consumers will through the payment process the same manner they would through any conventional online payment method making the process seamless and easy for payers and payees. bunnytoken.com the bunny crm anyone who adds bunnytoken payment method for their online business will have access business account the bunny crm. the crm (customer relationship manager) will include statistics all payments, current balance and settings. the crm will offer the following functionalities: transaction list all transactions will stored and listed the crm. transactions can sorted and filtered transaction type date and they can exported csv files. every transaction can clicked reveal full information about particular transaction including blockchain related details. payment page this where withdrawals and transfers can made between the merchant's account any other account. this page will also used for transfers between merchant and their payees cases like webcam sites who have performers. permissions the bunny crm will designed with permission model allow different separate accesses different users. administrators will have access create new users under different categories based employee roles: admin, finance, developer. bunnytoken.com customization settings the payment page will fully customizable fit the brand each business and developers will able provide their own css file with their own design. every business will specify postback url receive confirmation payments. the bunny api for backend integration will provide several https methods get /v/payment opens payment page with new invoice string recipient int amount int gaslimit int gas price string addition_info returns the html the payment page which can embedded iframe can used separate page. get /v/transaction used get transaction info using transaction our system int transaction_id response: {"message": {transaction: {id: type: "payment", amount: "", comission: "", hash: "xrgtoawa", "date": "sender": "xwrsfw", "recepient": "xjrewa", "status": "confirmed" }}} bunnytoken.com get /v/transaction/search searches for transactions specified parameters. all parameters are optional int[] transaction_ids string[] hash int date from int date int amount from int amount int commission string recipient string sender string type string status response: {"message": {transactions: [{id: type: "payment", ... [{id: type: "payment", ... [{id: type: "payment", ... }}} postback merchants will receive confirmation when payment goes through. our server will invoke their postback url which they can specify the settings page. example sent postback: response: {"message": {transaction: {id: type: "payment", amount: "", comission: "", hash: "xrgtoawa", "date": "sender": "xwrsfw", "recepient": "xjrewa", "status": "confirmed" }}} bunnytoken.com technological stack architecture initially designed take into account further expansion. all bottlenecks are organized with the possibility parallel execution multiple servers. that what helps organise horizontal scaling. key architectural principles: microservice architecture with duplication key services geographically distributed storage, provides high availability and reliability due redundancy high availability separate physical nodes unlimited horizontal scaling using asynchronous model interaction between client applications allows achieve high performance data storages use both relational databases and nosql solutions like postgresql, redis, elasticsearch. backend implementation will written the python programming language. our web part uses high performance modern stack technologies, patterns and libraries. that gives the best experience our customers and offers ease fast production our web development team. the heart all our web applications facebook's react framework. react allows create large web-applications that use data and can change over time without reloading the page. aims primarily provide speed, simplicity, and scalability. obfuscation algorithms allow keep code confidence, and protect code from comprometation. enables the detection and removal code injections, man-in-the-browser (mitb) attacks, dom-tampering and data exfiltration the client-side real-time. bunnytoken.com token sale the token bunny software will produce the bunnytoken platform which will issue the erc bunny token based the largest and most well-established, open-ended decentralized software platform; ethereum. the premise the digital currency bunny that will enter transaction mechanism between sellers and buyers through crypto exchanges and between parties the adult industry. liquidity bunny will rise, demand rises and goes into constant usage. payments via bunny will carry the security known blockchain systems and information will kept private through security encryption. jumpstart the value the token, during the pre-its and its phase will increase the value the currency per day. this guarantees noticeable increase for initial buyers. minimum payments purchase bunny token will eth btc. withdrawals will require minimum bunny. bunnytoken will listed crypto exchanges after the its and will become available the public for exchange and trading. once the bunnytoken platform ready, the use bunny will become active and ongoing between the initial companies which add bunny payment method and their consumers. the number these companies grows, will demand and hence the general value the currency. erc- token smart contract which implements erc interface. smart contract program written solidity programming language and being executed the ethereum virtual machine the ethereum blockchain. smart contract guarantees that the bunnytoken allocation plan will remain unchanged, will impossible create more than ,,, tokens. means that after being listed exchange the token's price will depend exclusively market demand and not technical manipulations. bunnytoken.com our development use opensource project openzeppelin which ensures security our source code and protects the project from hackers. investing its early adopters and initial investors who register during pre-its and its can exchange their cryptocurrency for bunny tokens. eth will buy bunny token. the price will increase per day. the bunny token can withdrawn from bunnytoken.com private wallet after purchase. tokens, however, can only transferred between wallets soon its period ends. buying bunny tokens following the its bunny tokens can bought through exchanges. payment methods will depend the exchange. the tokens can stored any wallet which supports erc tokens. token distribution there will total supply ,,, bunny tokens. more tokens will issued following its and any unsold tokens will burned. all funding raised from the token sale will into the development the bunnytoken platform and putting our marketing efforts help the token reach the vision have for it. bunnytoken.com token's price will increase per day during token sale private presale january sold out private investors. public pre-initial token sale march april the price will start eth and increase per day. initial token sale april may the price will start from eth where left off the end the public pre-its, and will increase per day. the last day single bunny token will worth eth. bunnytoken.com the tokens created bunnytoken will distributed among sectors which will ensure the growth the company and benefit investors. total supply ,,, tokens unsold tokens will burned tokens reserved for the team will locked until the january bunnytoken.com fund allocation invested funds during pre-its and its stages will liquidated into fiat currencies, which will used maintain sectors the development which cannot paid through cryptocurrencies the moment and protect the project from cryptocurrency volatility. the funds will allocated for the development the project and reaching the goals have set order push bunny token into the top cryptocurrencies and deliver the bunnytoken platform according our roadmap timing. funds will allocated the following sectors: software development these funds will allocated for the costs developing the bunnytoken platform and all the technical work which will into the process. this includes developing the crm, wallet, payment page and api. business development these funds will into growing and improving our relationship with potential partners and industry leaders through expos, promotional events and industry conferences. the relationships build will increase our client base and help our business prosper. marketing these funds will allocated for the costs our marketing strategy, including but not limited branding and brand awareness, public relations, campaigns, social media campaigns, newsletters, and any means deemed necessary expand the brand and reach our goals. operational costs these funds will used cover the costs our day-to-day operations which will keep the bunnytoken development and brand alive. this includes but not limited the recruitment, specialists who will join the team, office expenses and more. bunnytoken.com roadmap have created attainable roadmap, based our resources and marketing strategy. any extra achievements additional milestones will announced all registered members. january private presale the private presale was completed and sold out private investors. tokens were sold. march pre-initial token sale the pre-its will open new investors. the price will increase daily basis. april initial token sale starts the official its begins. the price will once again increase daily basis. may initial token sale ends the its ends and sale bunny token our website stops. exchange listing are already contact with leading crypto exchanges get bunnytoken listed. after the its ends the digital currency will available for public trading. tokens burned all unsold tokens will burned. bunnytoken.com airdrop anyone who has stored bunny tokens wallet until then will receive extra tokens. this will happen the referral program does not consume all tokens allocated for the bounty. bunny wallet launch will launch desktop and mobile wallet for bunnytoken. beta test launch the beta test the payment solution will ready for release. the beta version will become available our partners. bunny payment solution release the bunny payment solution platform will launched. this point, will have made additional agreements with top adult industry businesses begin using bunny. expand client base our aim have recruited minimum businesses and individuals from the adult industry the bunnytoken ecosystem. market share grows late considerable percentage the adult industry will have switched bunnytoken and more industry leaders will join. bunny will the mainstream cryptocurrency for the industry. bunnytoken.com advisors bunnytoken working with experts from all sectors the industry who act advisors for our project. their opinions and guidance helping design detailed product which will enhance every participant's experience our platform. alex eikster industry businessman founder venus media ltd and owner leading website for affiliates the entertainment industry takebucks, videographer, photographer and producer with big number successful entrepreneurships under his name over the last years. has been part international projects and big productions. his presence the biggest industry events across the globe solid. kira queen famous actress award-winning actress, screenplay writer and director. she runs her own widely successful business queen kira where consumers can buy quality content and chat with her online. she has worked dozens projects and continues hugely successful and popular some the biggest industry websites. nataly gold famous actress famous performer and actress. nataly worked with number notable companies and entertainment websites including mofos, private, ddf network, team skeet, devil's film, evil angel, perfect gonzo, cum louder, immoral live, reality kings, eromaxx films, wicked pictures, video marc dorcel, and juicy entertainment. she has huge impact bunnytoken guiding project development the right direction. bunnytoken.com katrin tequila famous actress katrin has been well established superstar since she runs successful page onlyfans.com where her admirers can pay access more her exclusive content. she has starred short and full length movies, well countless videos for dozens sites and chicas loca series. eva berger famous actress performer and actress with large number projects under her name including hugely successful serieses. known for her ginger hair and unique look, eva has starred countless viral videos which have become fan favorites leading website. she has big following social media and famous platforms like fancentro. paulina soul famous actress paulina well known actress and model with vast experience the industry. she debuted with the esteemed ddfnetwork and went make famous video pieces which have become fan favorites and voted top scenes for january she listed model some the most famous industry websites. jia lissa famous actress jia lissa famous fashion model who crossed over photography and movie acting. her stunning and unique looks have earned her spots famous movies such remote control which was voted movie the month famous movie award. rising star the industry lissa offers fresh and creative insights bunnytoken. bunnytoken.com c-level bunny software has brought together team experts with backgrounds the entertainment industry business, payment systems and blockchain specialist who will make bunnytoken the mainstream digital currency for the entertainment industry. alexander maslov co-founder ceo ceo with huge experience online entertainment international projects. solid working knowledge budgeting, sales, business development, and strategic planning. strong financial and analytic skills. able assimilate complex information. direct experience budgeting, forecasting, and capital planning. strong process design skills. vasilisa yakubo co-founder coo deep experience leading managing international distributed teams with wide range business goals: functional support, e-commerce, customer relationship management experience, vendor management, project management andrei kazarin co-founder cto like employ systems thinking and ground-up approach anything that comes way. have the soft skills needed effectively communicate and vast array technical and strategic understanding ensure successful completion objectives across range industries and markets. bunnytoken.com the future the adult industry unstoppable and continues get the attention large amount viewers and consumers. its annual revenues get bigger and compete with globally successful brands, but the biggest room the world the room for improvement and blockchain the addition this industry needed move the next phase. the adult industry needs payment service solution which will offer better and more reliable conditions with lower fees. the industry needs bunnytoken. bunnytoken.com welcome the era bunnytoken. bunnytoken.com