white paper revision: v.- table contents table contents contents introduction about pollenity core team marketing strategy #buzzfam community community team buzzcoin(tm) buzzcoin(tm) core upgrade chain swap solving global problem release date need bees buzzcoin(tm) infographic challenges buzzcoin(tm) our mission roadmap our solution technical save the bees bc-hmd(tm) proof work proof stake the device development fee hiber direct-to-satellite proof stake details global network single user wallet node only support reward system year percentage reward algorithm next phase maximum supply weight monitoring (r) acoustic environmental measurement credits special thanks #buzzfam queen middleware masternode analytic software suite connect with buzzcoin(tm) blockchain integration design marketing partnerships photo credits partnership disclaimer prototype development white paper revision: v.- copyright (c) buzzcoin inc. the buzzcoin(tm) project non-profit open-source project. white paper introduction white paper introduction introduction buzzcoin(tm) non-profit blockchain implementation that aims help save the worlds declining bee population. implementing blockchain technology into existing bee hives buzzcoin aims create worldwide data network that collects beehive health data. the project brings together diverse group experts, developing smart hive device prototype that will soon enter its field testing phase. buzzcoin supporting the global effort save the bees providing collected data scientific projects and organizations that focus saving the worlds bee population. providing this data the network and being able get highly accurate data from the hives, beekeepers are rewarded cryptocurrency for their data collection. this will ensure wide spread usage the smart hive devices. the core team's main focus when they started the bc-hmd(tm) device development back october was collecting industry specific research, primarily focusing the smart hive technology. the teams experience various industries the driving force behind the prototype development. transitioning the architecture buzzcoin from proof-of-stake coin into one the very few existing cryptocurrencies that have real world application. the network data provided coupled with the features modern blockchain implementation can truly revolutionize the entire beekeeping industry. white paper revision: v.- copyright (c) buzzcoin inc. the buzzcoin(tm) project non-profit open-source project. core team white paper core team core team the buzzcoin(tm) core team consists decentralized group experts from all around the world. bringing together solid technical and soft skills, well extensive network powerful connections. the team was originally formed october develop the bc-hmd(tm) prototype. december became apparent that the direction the then existing core team wasn't utilizing the full potential the buzzcoin project. january was decided that the team developing the bc-hmd prototype was better suited take the core development tonda head developer maxim polyarniy team leader symb web brand identity and with that, ensuring brighter future for buzzcoin. each the new core team members brings minimum years corporate experience their respected field the table working now solely the core development the buzzcoin project. the skill set the core team includes: hexagon software development durrwachter public relations hexagon infrastructure perfumed pelican infrastructure hexagon blockchain hexagon team management hexagon marketing hexagon brand development hexagon product development hexagon social media the core team also supported selected group community professionals leading all buzzfam community efforts. *out respect the team members, some have chosen use their internet handles versus full name order protect their privacy. white paper revision: v.- copyright (c) buzzcoin inc. the buzzcoin(tm) project non-profit open-source project. #buzzfam community white paper #buzzfam #buzzfam users our community, dubbed the buzzfam (buzz- community size coin family), extreme importance and essential part buzzcoin(tm). seek attract those who are interested over members long term and sustainable open source project, well those that are interested being part real world blockchain implementation. the buzzfam community currently consists active following more than users. the community kept date with the lat- twitter-square discord twitter facebook-square discord facebook followers members members instagram reddit-square medium est developments and innovations through our social communication channels. every day are excited about how much enthusiasm, dedication and care our buzzfam investing into the buzzcoin project. are truly grateful for our community and are looking instagram reddit followers medium members buzzcoin blog forward the future alongside our buzzfam. youtube youtube official channel btc bitcointalk official thread community team our internationally diverse community team provides live support via our discord #support channel ensure that our buzzfam promptly cared for should any need arise. nick kauffman community lead white paper revision: v.- copyright (c) buzzcoin inc. the buzzcoin(tm) project non-profit open-source project. kevin sorrell facebook community save the bees white paper save the bees save the bees solving global problem need bees challenges our solution the work bee populations around the world there are difficult challenges ahead the tasks the buzzcoin(tm) hive mind device ("bc-hmd(tm)") critical maintain organic variety and diver- are highly complex and many things must and its queen middleware masternode ("bc- sity vegetation all shapes and sizes across change. parts the challenge rethinking qmm(tm)") are the buzzcoin project's first prod- the planet. this not only includes farmed bee the usage pesticides and chemicals agri- ucts. our innovative devices for beekeepers colonies, but also countless species local culture. since currently can't offer solutions collect bee hive data real-time and rewarding bees. humanity depends bees and their all existing problems our main goal the users cryptocurrency for providing the activity. our planets food chain will collapse increase global awareness the way bee hives analytic data. this additional income will en- without bees and their pollination. are maintained and monitored. courage the widespread usage the bc-hmd. the modern world apiaries requires safe, addition the hives health and threat detec- non-invasive tool that provides visibility into col- our mission ony activity, hive health, active status and threat our mission create the foundation for the bee hives are maintained according ethi- detection. global network providing interested parties (gov- cal beekeeping standards. this insight will enable beekeepers actively ernment agencies, research institutes, scientific remain aware what happening with their studies) that are actively working solutions hives whether location remotely. save the world wide bee population with tion, our technology will able measure highly accurate data bee hives. white paper revision: v.- copyright (c) buzzcoin inc. the buzzcoin(tm) project non-profit open-source project. bc-hmd(tm) white paper bc-hmd(tm) bc-hmd(tm) pollenity bc-hmd integrated hive (c) pollenity buzzcoin inc. beebox (c) paradise honey the device the buzzcoin(tm) hive mind device, bc-hmd(tm) pcb's and allows data transfers regular inter- for the hives further minimize exposure. fully featured smart device with sensors for vals satellite network orbit. only when using the optional module real beehives utilizing precision monitoring, analyt- there will optional module available time alert monitoring will available and en- ics and threat detection that are developing that will allow the data stored the bc-hmd ables sending important alerts different sta- with our partner pollenity. synced with the cloud standard intervals. tuses immediately through available channels the bc-hmd powered pollenity's cut- the digital signals produced the bc-hmd are (messaging, e-mail, app) using the buzzcoin ting-edge iot technologies and precision hive broadcast intervals. however, these signals hmd software suite. sensors. direct-to-satellite connection pow- will not exceed total minutes per day and ered hiber already build into pollentiy's are researching the optimal shielding cloth (r) the bc-hmd features include: hexagon acoustic pattern detection hexagon threat detection hexagon colony health status hexagon weather impact data hexagon hiber direct-to-satellite uplink hexagon highly accurate weight measurements hexagon temperature and humidity hexagon month battery life hexagon wifi (only for data download) hexagon optional module white paper pollenity bc-hmd integrated hive (c) pollenity buzzcoin inc. beebox (c) paradise honey revision: v.- copyright (c) buzzcoin inc. the buzzcoin(tm) project non-profit open-source project. bc-hmd(tm) hiber(r) direct-to-satellite (c) hiber(r) through pollenity buzzcoin will gain access more satellites will launched late the latest satellite uplink technology powered further expand the network. each nano satel- hiber that already integrated pollenity lite this network circling earth only pcb's. altitude times day compared big- this sets buzzcoin one giant leap ahead the ger satellites that are usually orbiting around competition integrating direct-to-satellite km. the big advantage this system iot technology into the buzzcoin(tm) hive mind the integrated modem the pcb that wakes device (bc-hmd(tm)) and buzzcoin(tm) hive mind the moment the satellite passes over the network (bc-hmn(tm)). bc-hmd and starts transmitting data. this con- the first two satellites hiberone hibertwo serves battery life the bc-hmd and enables were deployed orbit late this pro- data transmission remote areas where cell vides coverage anywhere the globe. two coverage available. (r) (c) hiber(r) about hiber hiber (formerly magnitude space) employees work the ground-breaking, first commercial satellite company, launching 'newspace' startup, founded and led patent-pending technology behind hiber and its first two nano-satellites into orbit. hiber of- dream team satellite experts and tech en- hiberband its offices amsterdam and delft. ficially launched the amazon web services' trepreneurs. these 'hibernauts' are working date, the company has managed attract (aws) re:invent conference november moonshoot goal: launch and run na- significant funding. this has meant that no- where they were named commercial startup no-satellite constellation space. more than vember hiber became the netherlands' launch the aws. globe read more about hiber(r) https://hiber.global/ white paper revision: v.- copyright (c) buzzcoin inc. the buzzcoin(tm) project non-profit open-source project. bc-hmd(tm) global network reward system next phase after the data from bc-hmd(tm) has been up- the data collected the bc-hmd device an- the prototype the bc-hmd ready for test- loaded the buzzcoin hive mind network (bc- alyzed and rated according set ethical bee ing. soon the official testing phase starts, hmn(tm)) will automatically analyzed and keeping standards and reward class set for bc-hmd device manufactured our partner made available the beekeeper and can also the queen middleware masternode device. the pollenity, will delivered selected beekeep- offered researchers, scientists and special masternodes will adjust the rewards according ers gather more data and feedback. after the interest groups worldwide. the data received from the buzzcoin hive official testing phase, the device will fine- the data the buzzcoin hive mind network mind network. this ensures that hives that are tuned and finalized based gathered feed- can used determine historical trends, help maintained within the optimal parameters re- back and will made available for purchase. predict future developments, support scientific ceive the highest pos rewards. studies, truly monitor health statistics bee- details about the reward system will an- hives and also provide information about ethi- nounced after the buzzcoin upgrade ver- cal practices and more around the entire globe. sion and the bc-hmd prototype official test- more devices are connected the network ing phase have been completed. the data will get more granular and can utilized develop new features. bc-hive mind network illustration (c) buzzcoin inc. white paper revision: v.- copyright (c) buzzcoin inc. the buzzcoin(tm) project non-profit open-source project. bc-hmd(tm) balance-scale volume-down sitemap chart-area weight monitoring the bc-hmd(tm) high precision scale offers the bc-hmd allows tracking the production extremely accurate weight monitoring. the and sends alert feeding for the colony bc-hmd weight sensor measures the change required. the recorded data weight changes weight every minutes and uploads the data can also displayed yearly chart get the hive mind network cloud. insight into each individual hive's productivity. acoustic environmental measurement the bc-hmd incorporates highly sophisticat- reveals the status the bee colony environ- real-time acoustic monitoring sensor with ment and behavior during seasonal phenome- pattern recognition and threat detection nons such droughts, heat waves, and other engine. addition, there real time environ- shifts environmental patterns. the recorded mental monitoring for temperature, humidity data points and the analyzed data can help and soil moisture distribution inside the hive. making optimal decisions that can lead huge the inclusion this advanced monitoring improvements colony health awareness. queen middleware masternode the queen middleware masternode ("bc- ing the data. the staking percentage the qmm(tm)") pos cryptocurrency wallet that bc-qmm set using smart contract system includes advanced software features. the bc- that analyzes and rates the data received the qmm also the hive mind network commu- bc-hmd. all rewarded cryptocurrency held nication interface and responsible for upload- secure and encrypted the bc-qmm device. analytic software suite the bc-hmd analytics software suite offers variety features including: hexagon charts and graphs for data analysis hexagon api connectivity hexagon threat detection engine hexagon fully-featured data export hexagon customizable alert system hexagon cloud data storage hexagon help system hexagon data sharing options white paper revision: v.- copyright (c) buzzcoin inc. the buzzcoin(tm) project non-profit open-source project. bc-hmd(tm) blockchain integration the bc-hmd and the bc-qmm provides the data that coupled with the features the blockchain can truly revolutionize the entire beekeeping industry. here how plan this based mandatory core upgrade: how works smart contracts will power the bc-hive mind device that comes with the bc-hmd. smart network connection possible, the hive network, the bc-hmd(tm) and the bc-qmm(tm). contracts will also monitor data quality (health data stored the bc-hmd memory and the smart hive devices will take care the the hive). the data quality does not match must downloaded smartphone lap- transmission and data analyzation well the predefined parameters, the bc-hive mind top location. soon internet con- determining the rewards according range network will take measures help beekeepers nection becomes available these devices predefined parameters calculated using the increase their scores with educational resourc- the data will uploaded automatically the collected data. the system straight forward. es, bee health our priority. bc-qmm device. complimenting the block- the bc-hmd collects its data and either saves chain integrations mentioned above, the data locally until downloaded uploads the data upload will not only available active nodes, but data directly network connection avail- for hive sites where permanent wifi also through api service. this tiered api able. after the upload the data processed connection available, uploading bc-hmd service will targeted government agen- the cloud and reward rate calculated. this data will done real time paired certi- cies, research institutes and support scientific reward rate then being sent the bc-qmm fied bc-qmm device. for hive locations where studies. white paper revision: v.- copyright (c) buzzcoin inc. the buzzcoin(tm) project non-profit open-source project. marketing partnerships white paper marketing partnerships marketing partnerships partnership the development the prototype started plementation that aims help save the worlds data. the beekeepers who subscribed use early october since then the core team declining bee population. buzzcoin(tm) will joining community hun- building strong ties with future partners the partnership, targeting new, inexperienced dreds beekeepers who are already sharing for marketing, production and implementation and commercial beekeepers internationally, their hive data with each other and research the bc-hmd(tm). february buzzcoin, will utilize pollenity's proprietary sensor devic- organizations. furthermore, pollenity's existing inc. announced that has partnered with and buzzcoin's unique blockchain technol- customers will presented with the opportu- pollenity [former bee smart technologies], ogy and cryptocurrency create worldwide nity create additional revenue stream for world's most advanced remote beehive mon- reward-based network, buzzcoin hive mind their beekeeping operations matter how big itoring technology, create blockchain im- network (bc-hmn(tm)), for gathering beehive they are. prototype development the bc-hmd prototype development started the development the hardware's firmware petrov and cto kostadin angelov working with late thanks the connections the and software implementation have been com- the buzzcoin team the bc-hmd. pollenity's core team, agreement with developer was pleted late the core team very excited acoustic pattern detection engine something signed. the device now ready for field testing. have such experts pollenity's ceo sergey that has not been seen before the market. white paper revision: v.- copyright (c) buzzcoin inc. the buzzcoin(tm) project non-profit open-source project. marketing partnerships about pollenity pollenity [former bee smart technologies], de- particular honeybee colony without having awards has been included the list veloper the world's most advanced beehive leave their home perform stressful unneces- ieee's nxt stars won the health and en- monitoring technology, allows beekeepers sary manual check-ups their hives. data and vironment track the world summit awards, improve the health their honeybee colonies personal findings pollenity's users can help google's "new europe innovative startups providing them with real-time data and an- researchers better understand the global hon- and has received media recognition from nu- alytics from inside the hive. they can follow the eybee crisis and create sustainable beekeeping merous international media such bbc and suggestions and alerts from the ai-powered practices for insurance the global food sup- financial times. system directly share the information with ply. since its founding pollenity [previ- for more information see www.pollenity.com, online communities help them better under- ous bee smart technologies] has been named follow pollenity twitter @pollenity and con- stand the intricate geo-specific conditions for best iot startup the central european start- nect with facebook linkedin. globe read more about pollenity https://pollenity.com/ "this very important strategic partnership for both our companies leverages the key areas expertise which both pollenity and buzzcoin excel. this confluence innovative technologies will set unprecedented example for sustainable beekeeping and may very well propose standard for the broader agricultural sector." sergey petrov, ceo pollenity "we are excited officially announce our new partnership with pollenity after have been working behind the scenes new hardware and implementations for many months" maxim polyarniy, team leader buzzcoin marketing strategy with the release the latest white paper and attention the media, press and social media announcement our strategic partnership with the most important mission our marketing pollenity, our marketing team will intensify their team. when the bc-hmd enters the field test- work promoting buzzcoin, bc-hmd and the ing phase the marketing team will release edu- bc-hive mind network. our marketing experts cational materials and videos about the device, team with years experience large scale cor- creating global awareness about the diminish- porations, will allow get buzzcoin and its ing worldwide bee population. projects promoted new level. getting the white paper revision: v.- copyright (c) buzzcoin inc. the buzzcoin(tm) project non-profit open-source project. buzzcoin(tm) white paper buzzcoin(tm) headline buzzcoin(tm) buzzcoin(tm) core upgrade masternodes buzzcoin the next evolution buzz- safest and most effective way for all buzz hold- the coin requirement for the buzzcoin coin. this core upgrade will bring the buzzcoin ers. buzzcoin will fully integrated into masternode (twenty-five million) that still based very outdated bit- the buzzcoin ecosystem. the much anticipated buzz. these buzzcoin masternodes will coin code, modern up-to-date blockchain. next step after upgrading buzzcoin able swap double rate compared nor- buzzcoin features the long awaited and will opt-in only swap for masternodes mal wallets the buzzcoin chain. this dou- highly anticipated masternodes. this addition and wallets buzzcoin mandatory timed ble rate means that masternode will receive required the highly complex process reverse locking phase will required when swapping twice the amount coins than normal wal- engineering the buzzcoin chain. shift the majority the locked coins will lets the swap. coins that have been collected our roadmap was required due this and oth- burned during the swap with the exception developer fee since the buzzcoin release limiting factors. the primary advantage the coins the core masternodes that are will locked core masternodes pro- this approach that all balances the exist- required foundation for the buzzcoin net- vide stable network. depending the num- ing buzzcoin chain will untouched and work. noticeable difference buzzcoin ber active buzzcoin masternodes after all seamlessly migrated the buzzcoin chain. compared buzzcoin the feature cir- opted-in coins have been swapped these core although there are various ways proceed culating supply. all locked coins will deducted masternodes will remain active, necessary, for with swap this magnitude due limita- from the circulating supply. after the coin burn continuous network stability. tions and regulations the international terri- completed the current supply buzzcoin will tories which operate, the core team has much lower and pos-staking wallets and determined that core upgrade far the masternodes will continue higher roi. white paper revision: v.- copyright (c) buzzcoin inc. the buzzcoin(tm) project non-profit open-source project. buzzcoin(tm) chain swap with the release buzzcoin all balances from the buzzcoin chain will immediately available the buzzcoin chain. please note that this chain swap and core upgrade will available everyone. your private key and backup your current buzzcoin wallet.dat will required during the wallet update. the buzzcoin wallet will offer better user experience and facilitate additional wallet operations. many tasks that were required done manually the version are now done automatically. this new wallet also built interface with the back-end infrastructure constructed during along with the buzzcoin release exchange (we're currently negotiations) swap buzzcoin(tm) well proceeding with the listings that were the buzzcoin chain will powering our bc- not possible due the old code that buzzcoin hmd(tm), bc-qmm(tm) and the complete worldwide was based on. bc-hmn(tm). this highly anticipated buzzcoin upgrade will for now the only option swap the buzz- provide much safer and stable network while coin chain will through opting and reinstating higher pos rewards after the first participating the buzzcoin locking phase wave swapped coins have been burned. either using masternode with million buzz planned list buzzcoin much larger release date hexagon buzzcoin enables masternodes hexagon masternodes swap double rate means they will get twice the amount coins buzzcoin than normal wallets hexagon let standard rate. the exact swap details and the ratio have not been announced yet. the unit testing provide stable release. the beginning the opt-in locking phase swap core team has decided not publish any code from buzzcoin will announced github until the wallet release. exact re- alongside the buzzcoin release. lease date will announced soon are we're looking into providing further swapping confident that buzzcoin meets our strin- opportunities from buzzcoin buzzcoin gent release standards. later date. decide offer such opportunities these will provided much lower swap ratio. revision: v.- copyright (c) buzzcoin inc. the buzzcoin(tm) project non-profit open-source project. for the update from all coins must your wallet double the rate using standard wal- buzzcoin currently undergoing extensive white paper important hexagon after buzzcoin live the swap details buzzcoin will announced hexagon buzzcoin and buzzcoin will co-exist and integrated into one ecosystem hexagon buzzcoin will very low-supply coin. the details, release date and swap ratio will announced later. hexagon the swap from buzzcoin buzzcoin not mandatory. it's opt-in only. buzzcoin(tm) buzzcoin(tm) infographic white paper revision: v.- copyright (c) buzzcoin inc. the buzzcoin(tm) project non-profit open-source project. buzzcoin(tm) white paper buzzcoin(tm) headline buzzcoin(tm) buzzcoin(tm) our brand new chain that will the new buzzcoin blockchain will include these features: powering our bc-hmd(tm), bc-qmm(tm) and the complete worldwide bc-hmn(tm) (hive mind bolt pos pow bolt ethereum-vm network). for now call "buzzcoin .". its real name and ticker symbol will announced balance-scale bolt soon. the core team has put lot research effort masternodes balance-scale bolt high performance transactions (bee hives only) into finding the ideal solution that suits the needs our project and devices we're currently balance-scale bolt smart contracts balance-scale bolt web wallets balance-scale bolt bitcoin ethereum base balance-scale bolt mobile wallets developing. buzzcoin will enable all the features the blockchain needed for the bc-hmd and the bc-qmm device. are working parallel buzzcoin and buzzcoin ensure hassle-free coin swap from the chain. will update the white paper again bolt buzzcoin will fully integrated into the buzzcoin ecosystem soon all details about the swap are finalized. white paper revision: v.- copyright (c) buzzcoin inc. the buzzcoin(tm) project non-profit open-source project. roadmap white paper roadmap accomplished milestones upcoming check bc-hmd blockchain implementation hexagon buzzcoin release check bc-hmd(tm) prototype development launch check bc-hmd software feature development hexagon bc-hmd(tm) prototype public development blog check new core team check bc-hmd function implementation check new secure infrastructure check buzzcoin masternode specifications release hexagon bc-hmd official prototype field testing phase hexagon bc-hive mind data gathering program check new website design check buzzcoin chain swap announcement hexagon queen middleware masternode ("bc-qmm(tm)") hexagon data sharing test program for scientific institutions check brand management check update the current white paper hexagon bc-hmd masternode specifications release check asic network backup for faster transactions check buzzcoin, inc. founded partnership with pollenity hexagon swap details release from buzzcoin buzzcoin chain hexagon buzzcoin exchange listing check wallet release check exchange listing campaign check announcing major business partnerships for the check whitepaper release bc-hmd production check updated roadmap for check updated roadmap for check buzzcore upgrade check buzzcoin update white paper revision: v.- copyright (c) buzzcoin project the buzzcoin project non-profit open-source project. *the roadmap best guess what we'll developing the near and medium-term. the roadmap subject change. technical white paper technical technical proof work proof stake buzzcoin(tm) currently based pow and pos. hexagon algorithm: shad hexagon reward: buzz per block hexagon new block every minute average hexagon variable pos roi rewards hexagon billion (,,,) maximum supply hexagon development fee every pos stake please note pow was disabled when buzzcoin reached max-supply. since buzzcoin buzz running pos only and therefor highly energy efficient and environmental friendly. all technical details are subject change with the release buzzcoin development fee due the lack ico, the buzzcoin development team decided allow the proof stake coins generated without development fee. when billion coins had been generated development fee was implemented. will allow generation around buzz for the development team before maximum supply reached. manage important the expenses required for research, development, infrastructure and production, have hexagon the buzzcoin project was taken over january the current core team with empty developer wallet. added the mandatory development fee for every stake. for example, stake hexagon all services maintain the project are being paid the core team's own money. buzz, payment buzz sent the hexagon the coins collected through the developer fee will used set masternodes stabilize development fund ensure constant advances the buzzcoin network. the development the buzzcoin project. white paper revision: v.- copyright (c) buzzcoin inc. the buzzcoin(tm) project non-profit open-source project. technical proof stake details proof stake algorithm which cryptocurrency blockchain network achieves consensus using existing coins confirm new blocks. for more information please see: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/proof-of-stake single user wallet node only support the past with proof stake, staking pools massively undermined the health the buzzcoin network. firmly not support staking pools they against the principles decentralized proof stake blockchain network. buzzcoin(tm) only supports single user wallet nodes. year percentage reward algorithm year (current supply max supply) for example, current supply value ,,, the time this writing, the yearly reward algorithm follows these basic mathematical principles: year (,,, ,,,) year year year the maturation time hours. maximum supply the maximum supply set value billion (,,,). this maximum supply value, proof work and proof stake rewards will turned off. please note that buzzcoin has hit maximum supply june transaction fees are constantly burned and deducted from the circulating supply. these burned fees are constantly available staking rewards. white paper revision: v.- copyright (c) buzzcoin inc. the buzzcoin(tm) project non-profit open-source project. credits white paper credits credits special thanks #buzzfam thank you for all your support and dedication! support team thank you for all your efforts supporting our user base and helping out the core team. bighatnocattle# kauffdiggity# fz# coreysteel# ro# buzzmoi# coilz# twelve# jbuzzz# lnk# very special thanks striidr# for his excellent support during the moving our discord server. connect with buzzcoin(tm) website https://www.buzzcoin.info/ downloads https://www.buzzcoin.info/download/ faq https://www.buzzcoin.info/download/#faq explorer https://explorer.buzzcoin.info/ miningpool http://mine.buzzcoin.info/ github https://github.com/buzzcoin-project/buzz twitter https://twitter.com/buzzcoin discord https://discord.gg/dsuwd facebook https://facebook.com/buzzcoin group https://www.facebook.com/groups/officialbuzzcoingroup/ reddit https://www.reddit.com/r/buzzcoin/ medium https://medium.com/buzzcoin bitcointalk https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=. instagram https://www.instagram.com/buzzcoinofficial/ youtube https://www.youtube.com/buzzcoin white paper revision: v.- copyright (c) buzzcoin inc. the buzzcoin(tm) project non-profit open-source project. credits credits design white paper design cryptonane photo credits (c) shutterstock: dave massey, narupong sooknatee, daniel prudek, agsandrew, pixelparticle, whitemocca, phongphan, anan kaewkhammul, studiosmart, kosolovskyy (c) stockunlimited, pollenity, hiber disclaimer buzzcoin(tm) strives make the information and timelines contained this whitepaper timely and accurate possible, buzzcoin(tm) makes claims, promises, guarantees about the accuracy, completeness, timeliness adequacy the contents, and expressly disclaims liability for errors and omissions. all rights reserved. part this publication may reproduced, distributed, transmitted any form any means, including photocopying, recording, other electronic mechanical methods, without the prior written permission the publisher. for permission requests please write to: press@buzzcoin.info white paper revision: v.- copyright (c) buzzcoin inc. the buzzcoin(tm) project non-profit open-source project. www.buzzcoin.info get contact globe reddit-square youtube instagram infrastructure design cryptonane copyright (c) buzzcoin inc. the buzzcoin(tm) project non-profit open-source project.