bytomv. bytom: interoperation protocol for diversified byte assets bytom interoperation protocol for diversified byte assets abstract: bytom blockchain protocol (hereinafter referred bytom) interactive protocol multiple byteassets. heterogeneous byte-assets (indigenous digital currency, digital assets) that operate different forms the bytom blockchain and atomic assets (warrants, securities, dividends, bonds, intelligence information, forecasting information and other information that exist the physical world) can registered, exchanged, gambled and engaged other more complicated and contract-based interoperations via bytom. the protocol connects the atomic world and the byteworld promote the interaction and circulation assets between the two worlds. bytom adopts three-layer architecture: application layer, contract layer and data transmission layer. the application layer friendly mobile and other terminals and convenient for developers develop asset management applications. the contract layer use genesis contract and control contracts for asset issuance and management, supporting scalable butxo utxo model the bottom layer, optimizing evm and using introspection mechanism prevent deadlock turing complete. the data transmission layer adopts dlt technology achieve asset issuance, spending, transfer and other operations. the consensus mechanism uses pow algorithm that are friendly asic chips. matrix and convolution calculation introduced into the hashing process that the miners can used for hardware acceleration services, generating additional social benefits. mission, goal and innovation bytom overview the problem bytomv. bytom: interoperation protocol for diversified byte assets general, the information revolution has greatly changed the world are living in. the dominance the atomic-structured world being challenged. the context the upcoming singularity big data and large-scale computing, the internet transiting from "information power" the stage "computing power". the migration the world's economic structure and power composed more byte information. the information flow and byte flow that contains "negative entropy" has become life-dependant element for individuals, businesses and institutions alike. the evolution started from: "byte tool" era: byte used auxiliary product improve efficiency. examples are: excel, email. then the next stage is: "bytecurrency" era: the value symbols that exist byte form without physical existence and media like: bitcoin, eth and tokens other public blockchains and consortium chains. the next stage is:"byteassets" era that more extensive and diverse: everything that valuable, exchangeable the real world will migrated the byte world. the rights earning, equities, creditor's rights and securitized assets the real world will migrate blockchain immutable, traceable distributed ledgers with symmetric information, which turn interact with financial, gaming, insurance and other markets through programmable smart contracts. there are already venues for people buy software (byte tool) digital currency (byte currency) like appstore for software coinbase for digital currency. however, there isn't complete and effective protocol for the transaction and interaction diversified byte assets. unlike the general-purpose smart contract platform like ethereum quantum, bytom designed the public blockchain platform specifically for byte assets attempt solve the following problems: how achieve the non-replicability atomic assets the form byte assets via blockchain technology? how establish the mapping relation between atomic assets and byte assets, and resolve compliance issue? how bridge the gap between atomic world and the byte world promote effective flow assets onchain and offchain? mission statement bytomv. bytom: interoperation protocol for diversified byte assets "our mission bridge the atomic world and the byte world, build decentralized network where various byte assets and atomic assets could registered and exchanged". bytom will greatly promote the exchange, interaction and flow byte information and byte assets with value attributes. new byte assets will created contract and configuration. bytom will also create applications market-based management protocol decentralized way and provide unique incentives for local and global participants the digital economy. medium, bytom has been fully prepared become economic body profit from information and amplifier for information asset performance. the future, these information assets will not only used for existing daily work and life, but also can become the provider for and iot that feeds "data food" which will further expand its influence the atomic world. core objectives establishment diversified byte assets and standards bytom aims build global open platform for registration byte assets and facilitate the definition, creation byte assets, and makes easier for users understand. interactive tool for building diversified byte assets aside from being the most basic tool for asset exchange (change ownership and swap various digital assets following certain protocol), bytom will also support more complicated forms interaction, for example: (a)triggering tool: the asset generates deterministic boolean result numerical result from protocol-compliant vote activate participants the atomic world share dataset. (b)forecasting tool: for example, through zero-sum game, bilateral multilateral betting forecasts are generated like flight delay winning candidate. such forecasts could used for hedging financial sectors and insurance purpose the real world. major innovations compatible with the utxo design bitcoin bytomv. bytom: interoperation protocol for diversified byte assets bytom consists three layers: data transaction and transmission layer, contract layer and asset interaction layer. the asset interaction layer operates the assets calling contracts. the data transaction and transmission layer compatible with the utxo model and the transaction data structure bitcoin achieve high-speed concurrence and controllable anonymity. general address format bip, bip and bipare used the design bytom wallet provide support for multi-currency, multi-account, multi-address and multi-key with hierarchical deterministic wallets (or "hd wallets"). bip provides five-layer path recommendation: determine the path rules; types currency; account; change; index address. users can control wallet for all assets saving one master private key. bip provides good support for the change mechanism. long the user does not use the same address for multiple deposit, the private key safe from exposure saving signing transaction repeatedly. compatible with national encryption standard the asset management and operation bytom involves private key, public key and address system, which achieved through escda encryption and sha hashing bitcoin's design. bytom will support the public key cryptographic algorithm based elliptic curves and cryptographic hash algorithm that are compliant with chinese national standard. terms similar computational complexity, much faster than rsa and dsa processing private keys, thus higher efficiency encryption. the compression function algorithm has similar structure that sha-. but the design algorithm more complicated. for example, two message words are used for each round compression function. asset naming using odin the naming assets will follow odin (open data index name) standards ensure the uniqueness assets across the entire network and blockchain. unlike other blockchain-based identification solutions, odin based the bitcoin blockchain and supports the introduction other blockchains (public blockchain, consortium blockchain, private blockchain) through multi-level marking. odin uses blockchain height naming index instead registration character string. bytomv. bytom: interoperation protocol for diversified byte assets pow algorithm that friendly asic-chips adopting pow algorithm that friendly asic-chips, miners could used for acceleration services after they are outdated. bitcoin miners could compared depth both rely the underlying large-scale parallel computing. the vast majority the depth learning algorithms can mapped into the underlying linear algebraic operations. linear algebraic operation has two characteristics: first the tensor's flow very regular and expectable; second the high density calculation. these two features make depth learning particularly suitable for hardware acceleration. bitcoin miners have gone through four stages cpu, gpu, fpga and asic (figure the age cpu and gpu, the mining entry barrier low laptop with independent graphics card can used for mining. with the emergence fpga and asic, the moore's law have its way the world bitcoin mining. present, the mining chips are measured and the manufacturing process wafer has been raised from nm, which close the current limit semiconductor manufacturing technology. however, the pow mechanism criticized the machines could applied mining only, resulting great waste hardware and energy. figure bytomv. bytom: interoperation protocol for diversified byte assets introduce matrix operations and convolution operations the hashing process mining, making miners friendlier asics than gpu and cpu, then the calculation required for blockchain consensus can also applied the hardware acceleration service, which will generate greater social benefits. the one hand, the mining market will stimulate the market for artificial intelligence, expanding needs for the depth learning asic chips, just like the boosting effect gpu market lifted current gpu-friendly pow blockchain. the other hand, outdated miners can utilized for hardware acceleration services, saving mining costs and thus realize win-win situation. cross-chain asset transactions and dividends distribution through sidechain order operate assets other blockchains, developers can create tiny version the chain (other blockchains) xrelay. dapp developers could perform api calls via smart contract verify network activities blockchain, thus achieving cross-chain communication, asset transaction and dividend distribution the contract. quasi "segregated witness" design bytom's design, there dlt protocol that allows interaction between varieties assets. multiple blockchains that adopt the same protocol can exist independently and can traded cross-chain, making different operators interact the same format. following the principle minimum authority, bytom separate data and witness from signature the design achieve isolation between asset management and synchronized distributed ledgers. such design achieves better programmability and contract support, and reserve interface for bypass channel the future. the blockchain protocol allows any network participants define and issue assets coding customized "issuer". once issued, the unit asset controlled the "controller program". the controller program implemented turing complete language, which can used write complex smart contracts. enhanced trading flexibility bytomv. bytom: interoperation protocol for diversified byte assets unlike the ethereum account model, butxo can verify transactions parallel adopting mechanism similar nonce ensure that each unspent outputs could only associatedwith one single transaction. addition, bytom lighter than ethereum nature participants only need remember unspent outputs the trade itself carries other relevant information (such asset id, units, controller program). another feature bytom is: compact verification, which allows the client verify the relevant transaction onlyinstead all transactions the block trusting the amounts signed the sender. the whole process realized via merkle proof. clients can also delegate the task monitoring the entire blockchain their trusted servers. blocks are upward and downward compatible via softfork. bytom does not only support the interblockchain communication for blockchains that adopts the same protocol, but also need ensure the unique asset id. each sidechain forked from certain block height another chain, which can ensure the uniqueness asset id. bvm provides enough instructions, interaction between blockchains that adopt different protocols possible. platform model: three-layer structure bytom will adopt three-layer structure (figure application layer: support the development programmable dapp, calling contracts for asset registration, written-off, trading and dividends distribution. ii. contract layer: account system, contractcoding support iii. ledger layer (data layer): permissionless public blockchain layer, pow consensus figure bytomv. bytom: interoperation protocol for diversified byte assets application layer: bytom provides various pc, web, mobile applications facilitate the asset management calling contracts. reduce the entry barrier for application encapsulating the underlying blockchain technology, and provide more flexible and friendly interface for developers and asset issuers enable them focus innovations business model and business logic. contract layer: contract layer design genesis contract the genesis contract special type contract bytom. the genesis contract can issue and audit smart contract and retain some access for developers, such private key, application scope etc. the genesis contract can execute standardization and automated audit certain extent ensure that the assets released will line with the corresponding rules and templates. the underlying implementation the genesis contract will call the issuing program the data transmission layer: asset issuance program. general contract: general contract has two functions: trading assets and the setup and verification dividends distribution. such authority open the general control, which equivalent fun real life. new assets needs developed introduced into the general contract, necessary submit request the genesis contract for approval. the underlying implementation the general contract will call the controller program the data transport layer: asset management program. bytom'smaster program and data structure this function operates ondata ledgerlayer bytom's master program contains three parts follows: asset issuance program responsible for the issuance assets asset management program responsible for the operations assets like spending exchange. bytomv. bytom: interoperation protocol for diversified byte assets consensus program responsible for identifying which new blocks can merged into bytom blockchain, which based pow currently. the issuance diversified byte assets bytom will support various types digital assets. each asset will identified asset id, which -bit string that distinguishes different asset types. different asset id, can establish the asset categories and associate them withthe asset issuance program and the asset management program. there are two types assets running bytom network: bytom token (btm) and assets. token bytom token btm, which special token that distributed miners and nodes. the pow mechanism encourage random anonymous miners get involved the entire ecosystem. distribution the token will follow determined supply curve. the main uses the btm are: transaction fee for assets trading; ii. dividends income assets; iii. deposits for asset issuance. take dividend distribution income assets for example, the asset issuer decides use btc dividends, can lock the corresponding amount btc via sidechain and convert them into btm market rate. this process executed contract calling xrelay through cross-chain operation. for example the conversion with btc, eth completed through btcrelay, ethrelay (figure bytomv. bytom: interoperation protocol for diversified byte assets figure assets there are three types assets bytom blockchain: income assets: income assets include film making, home-stay property,fixed assets invested local government, non-performing assets etc. ii. equity assets: equity assets include equity non-listed companies, equity private funds, shares non-public internet investment etc. the transfer equity assets requires qualified investor verification. iii. securitized assets: securitized assets, including debts, automobile loans and other asset-backed securities that can generate predictable cash flows and whose credit can enhanced through structured design. exchange onchain assets this section will discuss the most basic functionality bytom, the "asset exchange" section described ... the function will achieved the first version bytom. trading asset dividends, ownership and the right use: internal transfer between accounts under the same contract the redemption assets: btm transfer via contract account abstract concept bytom and runs contract layer. each account associated with set butxos the date ledger layer. the sum all the butxo assets under the account the balance the account. the following are the basic concepts the bytom data model: bytomv. bytom: interoperation protocol for diversified byte assets transactions transaction basic operation bytom assets, which contains data structure with values inputs and outputs. inputs can one different types digital assets, output certain transaction; outputs determine the outcome the asset transaction, which asset operation program that specifies the way which the output will spent the future. the following figure (figure transaction using usd, eur example, which could replaced with btc eth. the same applies other examples. figure bytomv. bytom: interoperation protocol for diversified byte assets the inputs each transaction must set newly generated asset units, result set butxo returned asset operation program. both types inputs must verified the above-mentioned issuance program.the verification process the issuer program pass parameters the witness field the transaction and transaction will executed verification approved (figure this part somewhat similar the "segregated witness" bip. figure for example, the asset issuer program and the asset operation program can initiate authenticity verification. certain message hashed and signed, then the hashing value and the signature which could used verify whether the signature signed the private key corresponding the public key. butxo order prevent double spending and improve the transaction concurrencyand processing efficiency, bytom introduces basic transaction unit:butxo (bytom unspent transaction output), whichis scalable and supports multiple asset types (figure once transaction uses particular output,the same output cannot usedby other transactions.a general butxo pool maintained the bytom network, inputs all blocks will actually associated with the existing one more butxo.once transaction confirmed, all spent outputs the transaction are removed and new unspent butxo outputs are added the pool. bytomv. bytom: interoperation protocol for diversified byte assets figure block one more transactions bytom are packed into blocks. header each block contains hash value previous block and connected accordingly ensure the immutability the blockchain. each block contains hashing all transactions that block and the hashing snapshot ofexisting butxo. the two hashes areconnected the roots two merkel trees. simplifiedidentification and verification transactions and butxo could viathe two merkel tree. consensus mechanism order ensure the security the transaction data the entire block chain, the block generation needs follow certain consensus program. the consensus program secure asset blockchain should include the following attributes: verify the authenticity the transaction: transaction authenticity verification only involve with the public-private key pair.a single participant can generate and use multiple key pairs. non-repudiation: participants transaction cannot deny the occurrence the transaction. integrity: transaction cannot modified.transaction broadcast the peer-topeer network once has been created. accordance with the principle the minimum viable blockchain transactions needs packed into blocks, making the miner fee relatively low compared the value the asset.valid block requires effective pow, which difficult provide but bytomv. bytom: interoperation protocol for diversified byte assets easy prove. pow achieved through hashcash algorithm, which built top energy cost, thereby increasing the cost generating valid blocks, making the cost unbearable for malicious attackers. bytom focuses providing blockchain solution particularly for assets. the project requires the majority nodes reach strong consensus thatthe entire system not vulnerable sybil attack and attack. therefore performance sacrificed meet the demands decentralization and security (comprehensive integrity) described the impossible triangle.built top the pow mechanism bitcoin and ethereum, bytom proposes consensus algorithm that friendly asic chips that the hashing power can applied the hardware acceleration service, thus solving the hardware consumption problem pow miners. virtual machine (bvm) bytom's virtual machine stack-type state machine: all instructionsare executed the stack. the instruction set bvm turing complete.run limit adopted prevent the deadlock and could set through network consensus. pricing run limit depends the operation consumption. this very similar the gas mechanism ethereum. the difference that bvm will not price run limit each transaction. bvm containssome basic instruction set like push, pop and other complex mathematical encryption operations like sha, checksig, and checkmultisig etc. introspection function transaction introspection: can the implementation process determine whether more than predetermined time, you can also bring their own control procedures, (price, assets, running process, index) some free control. block introspection: introspection instruction set (blockhash, nextprogram), can only implemented the consensus program. because the rich set instructions, you can combine the completion the transaction not just signed and signed the function. such multi-signature, multisignature, early deployment (such similar wechat red envelope function, send the transaction, need confirm the chain) checkpredicate provides powerful other cross-chain functions, including the realization similar btcrelay function. bytomv. bytom: interoperation protocol for diversified byte assets application scenarios scenario management income assets bytom can used for management income assets. blockchain can eliminate the information asymmetry the fund-raising campaign, operation and follow-up funds crowdfunding project, reducing the trust costs. built-in smart contract available when issuing crowdfunding assets through the programmable interface provided bytom that funds are spent designed for. smart contracts also guarantee that scheduled goal not reached, funds can automatically returned the investor's account. all these operations not require third party endorsements commissions paid third parties. the advantages managing crowdfunding projects via bytom are: transparent rules and audits: when investors participate bytom-based projects, permanent and immutable record kept. the subsequent spending these funds also kept open and transparent ledger that anyone can access. these features offer the level trust and security that traditional payment processors and auditors cannot provide. better liquidity: crowdfundingbackers can trade their assets quickly and simply with others via bytom. the transaction can done the exchange through the custody feature bytom. scenario management non-listedcompany equity non-listed companies are usually weak handlingequities, options, funds and process due the restriction spending. for example, medium-sized financial institutions need hire professional lawyers and accountants managecompany assets due the complexity company structures. startup company, which receives investment from investment institutions, could expand their network through business investors lower cost. the asset management feature bytom targets three types users: first, companies can reduce their cost managing equities and options and extend their funding raising source; second, private equity fund managers can issue contract-type fund through bytom; third, the lawyers can sign off their work after completion legal services enterprises via bytom. bytom offers enterprise with convenient asset registration, management and exchange system, and build efficient and credible platform for investment and bytomv. bytom: interoperation protocol for diversified byte assets financing. blockchain asset registration and exchange platform usually offers the following services: design share structure, design shareoptions andthe management, online creation, distribution, authorization planning option maturity, online creation, granting, approval and signoff agreements. the platform should also provide enterprises and incubators with customized legal consultation both online and offline that executives can monitor the status assets real-time understanding equity status and management, create substantive endorsement the asset network. changes corporate governance can done through online smart contract electronic sign, eliminating the need for complex paperwork. bytom also applicable the contract-type fund management. private equity fund managers use bytom issue the contractual fund. asset audit, investor feedback rules, repurchase rules and transaction rules are defined the smart contract, which will make the whole management process transparent and legally compliant. it's easier transfer and trade fund shares. investors can assured purchase longterm equity investment fundswithout worrying emergent needs. through the transfer system bytom, investors can trade their shares any time. scenario securitized asset management asset backed securities (abs) refers the assets that lacks liquidity but have future cash income. these assets are transformed into securities that are tradable financial market through structural reorganization. there are steps securitize assets. first, the issuer set the asset spv (special purpose vehicle), the second step separate the spv into shares and the last step trading. the traditional process complicated and inefficient. company that wants issue shares must first sign contract with broker. the approval process lengthy and complicated before investors can apply for investment. addition, even when the shares are traded the market, there are few days between the securities trading day and the settlement day. with blockchain technology, abs can simplified into three steps: one the right registration; second the tokenization the asset; third the transactions smart contract. management securitized assets via bytom can greatly improve the efficiency, safety and traceability abs operation. the system can also store transaction data safely, ensure that information cannot forged and modified, and automatically execute smart contract. all the market participants the abs trading could kept informed the asset registration and transaction information simultaneously through bytomv. bytom: interoperation protocol for diversified byte assets distributed ledger and consensus mechanism, which effectively solve the settlement issue between agencies. reference: bip https://github.com/bitcoin/bips/blob/master/bip-.mediawiki public key cryptographic algorithm based .elliptic curves http://www.oscca.gov.cn/news//news_.htm cryptographic hash algorithm http://www.oscca.gov.cn/news//news_.htm wang kui: beyond cpu and gpu notes tpu-powered alphago) http://dwz.cn/gugv chain https://chain.com/ btcrelay http://btcrelay.org/ ilya grigorik minimum viable block chain https://www.igvita.com////minimum-viable-block-chain/ changjia: impossible triangle: security, pro-environment and decentralization http://www.btc.com/impossible-triangle