cajutel sarl bissau, guinea-bissau whitepaper business plan august version executive summary cajutel sarl guinea-bissau company under swiss ownership. its major shareholder also owns datacell ehf which built and operated crypto mining datacenter and assisted wikileaks credit card payments furthermore started icell ehf, mobile operator iceland and operated emax rural area wireless internet access network using technology and backbone ehf which operates encrypted backbone network multiple continents and laying fiber. the know how how operate wireless network harsh environments can easily transplanted into other countries. this project are envisaging build countrywide access network for guinea-bissau and with future expansion neighboring countries allow the large public able access the internet. customers who have never had access the internet before ever. this pretty unique situation touch such virgin market and gives the opportunity grab the market completely. our vision build the most cost effective broadband access network and provide state the art communications for its customers and thus create big boost the education and economy. cajutel will bring affordable, reliable internet communication the local market and focused provide the best performing mobile data network for guinea-bissau and guinea. cajutel will the fastest internet provider the area for the public, outperforming the existing operators offering factor with least cheaper price. this enables internet technologies not present west africa simply due lack bandwidth and too high prices. makes affordable for the general public get access the internet. thats why only less than have access today. there's available grabbed us. people the cajutel management have strong telecommunication backgrounds and have all started several successful companies before, especially mobile and internet. network infrastructure the time writing, cajutel process acquiring all the needed licenses for its operation and working draft rollout plan and all the contacts needed start operation nation wide. the plan cover the population with highest speed internet access within years. the network infrastructure the final stage being chosen based previous experiences the various vendors picked. network planning done house and completed for the first phase the network. marketing cajutel has well thought through marketing plans address the needs the local market. the main differentiators the other operators are speed, availability and service quality. given there are currently only very weak low level players the market, are early field players backed with over years experience. this gives cajutel very good handle address the local market quickly. the marketing message will heard loud and clear and people will understand split second and can take the market storm. the demand there, the competitors are almost non existent. it's gaining market share acquiring new customers market which just have started feel the need for the service. unique position. its similar what aol did the when the internet boom started, except, that this boom will faster growing due the wide availability modern affordable technology. page sales sales will through direct sales different sale locations cajutel and through partner companies such computer vendors, kiosks and the like. word mouth marketing very easy and will spread like wildfire such underserved markets. market potential even though the market guinea-bissau relatively limited (there are million potential customers), and the business case aiming for very pessimistic population share years still provides high return investment and high profitability. adding guinea with times the population and very similar situation increases the potential factor the key element this keep the operating costs down the minimum while grabbing many new customers possible during the time people start use internet for the first time. the whole cajutel business case optimized that way. this will give cajutel competitive edge which the existing operators have way matching without similar investments. these players big companies and have slow processes, will outperform them large, meaning our infrastructure will amortized the time they get the market and have competitive advantage they can't easily catch up. funds requested this time, cajutel looking for investment cover guinea-bissau and guinea (the big plan) minimum for the slower building plan only cover guinea-bissau. use funds requested the funds will used build the initial network and fuel expansion operating losses for year until the break even point reached from where cajutel can fund its own expansion. financial projection break even: less than year, return investment: under years for full view the financial projections deeper look the spreadsheet recommended. page introduction vision and mission vision have the vision world full communication world which people are brought together technology which helps overcome borders. society which individuals, organizations, and communities have unlimited access one another and world knowledge; via multiplicity communications technologies, including voice, data, mobile, internet regardless nationality, culture, class, education. our job facilitate effective communication, irrespective geography, distance, time, complexity. mission provide mobile internet subscribers guinea-bissau and guinea with never before seen feature-rich platform mobile broadband services, while providing excellent coverage, crystal clear voice quality phone calls and high-speed internet access anytime, anywhere. our affordable flat rates will provide the country with unprecedented quality service fill fastly growing market demand. our dedicated team experts will guarantee excellent service quality; plus our cutting edge technology will provide the basis for cajutel achieve this mission. will insure our position the forefront technology through both in-house developments and scouting-out new developments the global telecommunications markets. are fully dedicated providing the best service all our customers worldwide. values provide excellent customer service. work one team. respect each other. are professional. are committed continuous improvement. page background cajutel currently owned two individuals, mr. andreas fink, telecommunication expert who have started mobile networks before and mr. david vine who lives and has operated wireless mmds networks the region and has all the high level contacts needed make things work africa. guinea bissau guinea-bissau country west africa. adjacent senegal towards the north and guinea towards the south. it's size km. the population guinea-bissau million (est. guinea-bissau's gdp per capita one the lowest the world, and its human development index one the lowest earth. more than two-thirds the population lives below the poverty line. the economy depends mainly agriculture; fish, cashew nuts and ground nuts are its major exports. long period political instability has resulted depressed economic activity, deteriorating social conditions, and increased macroeconomic imbalances. guinea-bissau has started show major economic advances after pact stability was signed the main political parties the country, leading imf-backed structural reform program. the key challenges for the country the period ahead would achieve fiscal discipline, rebuild public administration, improve the economic climate for private investment, and promote economic diversification. latest development have confirmed that the country well its path. after several years economic downturn and political instability, guinea-bissau entered the cfa franc monetary system, bringing about some internal monetary stability. guinea-bissau member the organization for the harmonization business law africa (ohada).[] guinea-bissau has natural resources oil but currently not being harvested but development progress which will bring additional busines the country. the currency the west african cfa which tied the euro cfa eur) page guinea guinea the country adjacent the south guinea-bissau. also touches senegal,mali, ivory coast, liberia and sierra leone. the population guinea million and size square kilometers. its economic and political situation very similar guinea-bissau. geographically more mountaneous than guinea-bissau. the language spoken guinea french. the capital conakry. the main export articles are bauxit, gold, diamonds and other mining products well ofshore petroleum products. the literacy rate guinea one the lowest the world: was estimated that only adults were literate males and females). primary education compulsory for years, but most children not attend for long, and many not school all. telecommunications telecommunications has recently developed mainly the mobile field. guinea-bissau equipped with only telephone lines while the number mobile phones have reached millions []. the latest increase mobile phone use has been occured only the last few years years ago, there was mobile network all. despite the wide availability telephony today, the quality service mobile telephony very bad. call succeed rate around calls between carriers are often not possible. internet usage currently very low. there are approximately internet users and they are paying very high price (approx per month for advertised speed kbps (measured kbps) and get very slow connection which fails often. can take minutes load the google web page. guinea-bissau currently does not have access sea cable. even though there where plans connect sea fiber cable, has not occurred yet. all telecommunications thus have over neighboring countries over satellite links. reference: http://arn-gb.com/mercado/numero-de-assinantes/--trimestre page people andreas fink, ceo andreas has years experience telecommunications. has started internet provider named ping net gmbh switzerland, the very early days the internet. ping net gmbh was the first isp focusing individuals the country. became full featured telecommunications company before was sold world online international pan european internet service provider which went ipo shortly after. andreas worked for cisco systems the area signaling and telco switching until started global networks switzerland (now smsrelay ag) which develops and builds gsm infrastructure for mobile operators and provides messaging services. global networks switzerland also have established gsm network antarctica. andreas has launched bebbicell ag, mobile virtual network operator (mvno) initiative with combined gsm/ voip services offerings which was successfully sold couple years later. aquired gsm license and built network there. purchased the failing e-max network iceland converge into mobile high speed network for the country. e-max has been sold september ehf, the new lte license holder iceland and will serve the base their network rollout. the e-max network had over base stations covering big portion the population, especially the rural areas. david vine, cto david british origin but has lived the last years various west african countries. currently holds guinea bissauian passport and british one. has build and radio broadcast stations and mmds relays senegal and guineabissau and knows very well how build low cost networks and how deal with african government and institutions. well networked within the region which vital for this project. currently lives dakar, senegal, but the process move bissau handle this project. page anita lokica, procurement manager anita has worked for andreas fink various infrastucture projects iceland the past. she very experienced dealing with suppliers from around the world and make sure the needed infrastructure elements arrive time. her experience icell ehf and datacell ehf are very valuable building the network the fastest time possible sachin bhargava, social media marketing sachin has joined recently deal with all the marketing aspects our ico and the social media. has over years experience information and telecommunication industry. after completing his degree technical, started his career with reputed telecom company infratel and his hard work and performance was really appreciable. later, worked leading multinational company wipro the designation senior project manager and currently the project manager the leading company and manages the projects and highly focused serve the best work their client. fully dedicated cajutel. third parties work with lot third parties which have been working the past. especially during the buildup phases, pull experts from various companies plow fiber into the ground, radio propagation calculations and similar things. our extensive network partners long and well proven previous projects. page feasibility study market analysis the population has cell phone but only have internet access. the internet market currently underserved and extremely overpriced. the current mobile operators are not serving the public well. the main issue that they not have enough capacity into the country which our plan solving setting our own infrastructure the border and the sea cable landing stations. competitor analysis the market currently divided between the mobile operators mtn and orange internet speeds offered are limited kbps ($/month). business offerings mbps ($/month). http://www.orange-bissau.com/index.php?nav=&ctg=&m=&sm=&prod= swot analysis strengths strong technical experience among the shareholders new staff, thus able build highly motivated culture. innovative technical solution cellular infrastructure. market wanting new network increase coverage. low fixed costs. legacy costs. comparable first mover advantage due widely untapped market many the systems are turnkey solutions with fast time-to-market well networked with suppliers, building partners, government weaknesses board directors live different continents. need fill key positions the short build-up timeframe low gdp country (but only paper, reality its much higher) page opportunities access international customers (increasing amount tourists and visitors). competitors guinea bissau are mainly thinking voice only strongly underserved market totally new market threats ... customers low threat guinea bissau target market retail customers, therefore they are fragmented and lack power. the youth market quite fickle, and thus churn could become issue once market saturation becomes reality. ... suppliers low threat provide service international customers cajutel needs member the gsm association. rapidly changing technology. ... competitors medium threat financially strong competitors the mobile area ... new entrants medium threat new entrants guinea-bissau are possible but unlikely. ... substitutes low threat fiber, adsl, wimax are obviously substitutes. due the almost non existence phone lines, adsl not viable option. fiber would have built first well and not current option for residential. satellite services are also substitute, but these are more expensive and carry high propagation delay. page ... government low threat the regulator major factor for cajutel. the regulator has welcomed new licensees and begging for new service providers give them internet. the world bank has given investment guarantees (see http://www.cajutel.gw/investor/iggenglish.pdf ... weather medium threat harsh weather (strong rain) could delay rollout. ... consequences marketing and technology are the key pillars cajutel business and need the response these threats page dealing with africa doing business africa has few challenges for the people who are not familiar with the culture and people africa. would like point out few things which are maybe not obvious some readers who don't deal with africa lot. first all, you read gdp values countries and you will see that people earn per month average. the reality very different however. gdp figures are calculated out tax returns divided the population. this however doesn't reflect the fact that lot people don't pay tax all but still make living. often taxes are not based income but import and export. local farmer who sells his potatoes daily basis his neigbors, basically shows with income the statistic. secondly, theses statistics often don't reflect changes the last few years which can dramatic increases due political changes (end war for example). from our experience the ground guinea bissau, the average normal person earns around month while the statistic show people senegal where able afford paytv subscription which would impossible you read the gdp statistics. there was gsm guinea-bissau, only wired phones. there where million subscribers out habitants. take away the underage children and you can safely say that everyone had mobile phone. this pickup new service extremely fast and its because they are far behind that they from zero the newest generation almost instantly while europe, had several decades small improvement step step. while took like years for everybody europe basically have internet, the same thing will happen africa years even less. also africans spend lot more for their gsm phones (in relation their income) compared other countries there are also special risks, depending the country you are in. some places people try dig copper wires they can sell the metal it. given don't use copper but fiber, there value for the digger the end but the damage still there. the solution that not obvious the non african. you use local religious priest saint the cable and then nobody will touch ever. similar protection radio towers you simply hire the local village chief take care and pay him like month and then one would even dare take down. these kind african specialities need sometimes innovative ideas. our david, knows all since lives the area since over years. andreas also has been dealing with african companies since this know how crucial have. you come european american newcomer the market with bulldozer attitude, you would fail due such small issues least would slow you down lot. given all deal with africa since very long time, are very used these issues and can deal with them with ease. page marketing plan cajutel compelling reasons guinea-bissau has moderate size population (only million inhabitants) and high cellphone and internet users increase rate. cajutel doesn't even needs come with very strong compelling reasons for customers choose cajutel instead the competitors for their first internet connection. internet use very small, this marketing resource widely unused. competitors are focusing phone use only. cajutel has decided focus upon focused selling points, which will difficult for the competitors match. best speed (mbps minimum level, can several mbps) best customer service better coverage best quality best price. flat rate subscription cajutel customers offers free calls inside the network, free sms inside the network and unlimited data. the free calls/sms can driving force converge existing mobile users other networks into cajutel's network. this will become substitute traditional fixed network telephony. free device offering free phone cpe gives the advantage low entry cost get the service. cajutel will offer each customer free device, when they sign month contract. this will bind customers the company long term. however this mainly prepaid market, estimate this option only valuable for fixed installations. cajutel price subscription cajutel charges standard subscription fee approx usd us$ per month, and will lowered steps down per month. this entitles the customer unlimited use the cajutel network. addition that additional fees are charged for phone calls over that network and similar. page other services the basic internet service can completed with telephony service, ip-tv and other based services. this not been calculated into the business plan requires the availability the matching devices which still limited for telephony services for example. this why those additional revenue streams have been left out the calculation for now. the focus pure isp access. however once the devices and services are available, those services can launched makes commercial sense generating even more revenue. page cajutel rollout many cellular networks make the mistake claiming that their network commercially ready before is, and believe that despite its nascent stage can handle more volume than realistic. cajutel knows that will not able meet the demand generated its offerings, thus cajutel must resist starting the network before has certain coverage and capacity. easier handle applicant queries, about when they will able become customers, than customer complaints about quality which spread bad word mouth. people talking about how good the service and how happy they are the best advertisement you can have. obviously cajutel needs quickly rollout their network, whilst holding back customer demand. the rollout has been estimated new city distribution site per month depending building speed variant (which depends mainly total investment) the first site covered will sao domingos, canchungo and then the capital bissau. this required the connection point the international network from banjul gambia from which can reach sao domingos within microwave point point links. this path gives excessive bandwidth starting gbps. later stage, the connection will move south into guinea until reaches conakry connect the landing station there too. third path into the eastern part senegal then ride existing fiber tigo into dakar where many seacables land. (see also section with updated exact dates) cajutel promotion prior deciding offer free phones/cpes, cajutel had identified youth and small businesses ideal target groups. but, the offer free devices will generate such large demand that the market segments will self-select cajutel. heavy advertising will not necessary inform the market cajutel's offering. viral marketing will spread the message quickly. this will supported 'sign-up rallies' targeted events, and joint promotions with sponsors. awareness the press will running articles about cajutel interest the public expecting cajutel give better coverage and speed desire free devices, free downloads, and free use within the cajutel network will create pent-up desire. action customers will queuing fill the applications. this matches experiences from the past when services was started offered. page cajutel distribution application customers will apply mainly via stores kiosks carrying cajutel service point. approval full validation will performed the application captured. customer the customers are approved they will sent/given welcome pack their sim card (if applicable) their cpe access device portable device. usually fixed cpe's will installed one our service engineers for fixed install fee make sure its properly set up. arpu average revenue per user (arpu) the most common benchmark for cellular companies [see section .]. cajutel's arpu based the monthly subscription fee which initially and later down for private individuals. compared usual arpu african countries just based voice, its rather high. page business plan guinea-bissau network cells cajutel will use the latest cell technology. this gives cajutel enormous speed advantage! each complete cell base station will consists of: .ghz, .ghz, .ghz and ghz equipment sectors with transceivers per sector power supply with battery backup for hours, plus redundant charger and controller. solar panel provide the needed electricity. ethernet switch microwave point point links (initially) and later fiber the tower. dedicated guaranteed bandwidth .mbps per customer planned with theoretical peak performances mbps. this will permit for ip-tv streaming full quality all customers all times. for pure mobile use, the lte systems gives great mobility and coverage while providing reasonable internet access speeds mbps. picture typical cell equipments used and ghz bands data cajutel intends supply the best speed for data. this will major marketing factor most internet offerings are limited kbp/s today (due use gprs) while with above equipment this can peak above mb/sec. only fiber the home will able compete with that which involves costly construction and thus much slower rollout. page cash flow projections financial projections cajutel network speed the essence for cajutel gain market share guinea-bissau, thus the end year the full complement cells will installed giving coverage the population the country initially, the cells are installed few customers will signed up; the marketing launch will only after month testing. turnover cajutel's main source income their monthly subscription fee. cost sale the cost the free end user devices has been treated capital requirement. there are four groups costs the cost sale running costs the ongoing costs linking each cell the network rental cell site backbone costs license costs the spectrum license payable the regulator the cost messages calls sent other networks the international backhaul cost (sea fiber capacity) this results very profitable business page ... income summary values usd year year year year year year customers end market share total sales $'' $'' $'' $'' $'' $'' beginning year $'' $'' $'' $'' $'' end year $'' $'' $'' $'' $'' $'' $'' $'' $'' $'' $'' $'' $'' $'' $'' $'' $'' $'' $'' $'' $'' $'' $'' $'' $'' $'' $'' $'' $'' $'' operating expenses $'' $'' $'' $'' $'' $'' capital expenses $'' $'' $'' $'' $'' $'' cash end year $'' $'' $'' $'' $'' hardware assets $'' $'' $'' $'' $'' $'' remaining loan equity $'' $'' $'' $'' $'' ebita $-'' $'' $'' $'' $'' $'' net income $-'' $'' $'' $'' $'' $'' average return per user earnings per customer $-. profit per customer per month $-. -.% cashflow projection infrastructure buildup costs staff related costs network operating costs total general operating costs total marketing costs profit margin page capital the guinea-bissaun business has four types capital requirements: the cell towers including the backhaul microwaves fiber. free devices office costs, core switching and billing infrastructure. new free device will required for each new subscriber. the core switching and billing infrastructure will implemented start the hardware will written off over years, and thus could replaced year the software will kept current the annual software licenses. payback cajutel's combined operations are profitable, and despite high initial capital requirements and free devices, the business will self sustaining year and able replace equipment from operating profits. these graphs are based pure investment. mix including loans also possible. equity $'' $'' $'' $'' -$'' cashflow $'' $'' $'' page cash utilization the full amount the loan investment depends the choosen variant. have calculated variants build guinea-bissau and guinea (big), and guinea-bissau ooly with slower buildup (small). the big variant requires m$, the small variant m$. anything between possible. the more cash raise, the faster build, the more customers get, the more return get. most the cash required for capital expenditure, however, cajutel only becomes profitable after one year, there are still some initial operating losses covered. the largest area expenditure network buildup, this primarily all the back end equipment, the cell towers reach the coverage and the backhaul. this the long term investment which will also unique the market and secure long term profits. page financial statements see excel documents https://www.cajutel.gw/investor/ exit strategy cajutel the fortunate position having several viable exit strategies repay the investment. limiting further growth retained profit. extend the facility. with such sound investment and track record, likely that cajutel can continue its facility into the future and expand into neigboring countries. sell another company. cajutel will attractive proposition for international cellular company, especially for its license and customer base. listing. listing stock exchange other stock markets was originally also exit strategy but due the initial coin offering (see section this has basically been done now. assumptions depreciation has not been put the projections, this not cash item; but rather the full replacement cost shown the projections. operational assumptions guinea-bissau whilst cajutel's pricing structure encourages customers get their frequent contacts also convert cajutel, these projections assume that there not concentration contacts. international calls are only guinea-bissaun traffic, they have not been included these projections. the guinea-bissaun business will run from guinea-bissau. financial assumptions inflation has not been applied tariffs will increased inline with costs tax has been applied full rate the income statement, although financial management should permit significant tax savings and cash flow improvements. page initial cryptocurrency offering cajutel has decided raise financing for this project issuing etherum based tokens share certificates. this means every token representing share the company and equal voting right. the company has authorised additional shares sold for this ico and shares allocated for bounties and for advertisement costs. tokens are retained the existing shareholders which makes total supply tokens circulation. this number will not grow unless the shareholders agree issue additional shares which envisaged needed the near future. these shares are distributed phases phase phase phase phase phase shares/tokens shares/tokens shares/tokens shares/tokens shares/tokens sold ether per token discount) sold ether per token (.% discount) sold ether per token discount) sold ether per token discount) sold ether per token reaching funding phase allows build the network guinea-bissau. reaching funding phase allows expand the plan into guinea well. the date for the ico start set unix timestamp utc and will last until utc the smartcontract used xfabfeccfdfcd main project website: www.cajutel.gw main ico website: www.cajutel.io full businessplans: www.cajutel.gw/investor/ the smart-contract used has been written external experts recommended icorating. the sourcecode public and can downloaded and verified. the source this repository: https://github.com/andreasfink/cajutel-smartcontract page roadmap dates ico start ico end august utc november utc construction first radio towers link bissau banjul begin first customers online and sales services start: december february month number the excel sheet becomes november and the rollout new radio towers continue according the excel sheet (every month couple towers more). first financial year ending will end payout dividends will agreed the general assembly the shareholders. expect that end will rather want use the earnings refinance the expansion and don't pay out dividends this time unless are exceptionally successful. first payout dividends expected end year when the company has reached the return investment and can finance its expansion its own. investment return estimates. the company will profitable year one and year the return investment reached. this means the company can pay dividends. the exact dividend values will depends the operating profit and need for reserves for further expansion. the company pays out the ebita dividend, then the earnings per share year would year year someone buying token the beginning would earn years depending which phase invests, this can increase value .x. the interesting the following years you can expect dividends far above the per share every year the capital expenditure build new infrastructure drastically decreases. besides the dividend, the token itself represents value creating money for the investor. should sell such token the free market, then can sold prices ebita. these are the factors which are seen publicly traded stock market companies this business area. this means investor investing into one token today could potentially earn years and then sell for range. all those figures are pure guesstimates depends the buyers view course but these values are based how other telecom companies such at&t are currently valued the stock exchanges. investor investing into one token, holds years and then sells the token, could earn given took gsm years get market this area, our market penetration after years very pessimistic estimation. could easily that reach lot more which makes the returns and the value the token lot higher even, way over the mark. page