near the final draft: october can white paper version october near the final draft: october disclaimer important note you must read this document before making any decision purchase can tokens. this whitepaper and its subject matter have not been and will not registered under any legal regulatory regime, nor have they been reviewed approved any regulatory authority. this document not prospectus nor solicitation for investment. does not pertain offering securities any jurisdiction, and under circumstances does this information memorandum any other materials constitute offer solicitation any jurisdiction which such offer, solicitation sale would unlawful. digital capital limited does not hold itself out carrying out any regulated activity any jurisdiction. the token sale only for sophisticated purchasers who are knowledgeable and experienced the features and risks relevant token sale, digital assets, blockchain and smart contracts. potential purchasers should determine for themselves the relevance the information contained this document and related materials, each case supplemented from time time, and the necessity for additional enquiry, research and advice. any decision participate the can token sale should based upon such independent investigation and advice you deem necessary. this information memorandum should not considered recommendation any other person participate any can token sale. without limiting any the above, you should not purchase any can tokens unless you have read and understood this whitepaper and all other relevant materials our website (www.mobipromo.io) and fully understand the token sale, including least the following: the nature and purpose the token sale and its cyptographic context the terms and conditions the token sale the procedures required purchase can tokens the nature and the extent the risks which you may near the final draft: october exposed result participating the token sale and holding can tokens the regulatory, tax and accounting treatment participating the token sale and holding can tokens, well any other relevant implications please note that this whitepaper still work progress, which may amended from time time until the completion the token sale. you must also monitor the www.mobipromo.io website for any updated version any announcements that relate this token sale, they may add to, alter, its terms. for the purpose your acquisition can tokens (if any), you should only rely the final version the whitepaper, even such version published after your indication interest purchase. this whitepaper and related materials may translated. any translation for reference purposes only and not certified any person. only the english version has legal effect and prevails the extent any inconsistency. near the final draft: october executive summary can the token designed for advertising services basing constantly growing system being developed mobipromo ("ad system" "mobipromo system"). with the help can, the current centralized system will gradually transform into decentralized advertising system/platform. all these are attributed the development blockchain technology and the robust infrastructure it. upon the completion token sale, can tokens can immediately used the medium pay for the services the mobipromo system more importantly, blockchain technology itself excellent building mutual trust and tracking, intended that the mobipromo system will adopt new blockchain technology, which will hence greatly enhance its features and functionality. eventually, will largely increase the effectiveness the advertisement being broadcasted among the worldwide nodes the mobipromo system. using can tokens, the existing system will gradually transform into the point point advertising interactive network (the "decentralized system"). during the course the transformation, the issuer and mobipromo will partially use the community resources for the purposes and promotion. eventually, decentralized advertising network which driven can tokens will come into reality. background internet era, the core business operation traffic. mobipromo system designed drive traffic for business owners. basically, there are three major participants the business environment. commercial website platform consumer end users suppliers shops these participants form ecosystem which consumers spend their money for products/services; suppliers supply goods/services and the platforms supply information guide consumers choosing products/services. currently, the core such ecosystem has gradually shifted from location-focused platform-focused. the platform supplies the information that consumers desire and such, the consumer behaviors became dependent and seriously affected whatever shown consumers the platform. other words, the spending pattern consumers longer affected the geographic location but the platform. the platform provides the commercial messages, the consumers obtain the messages and this directly affects the consumer behaviors. nowadays, shops open and close more frequently than before. consumers would not able visit them one one decide which the best. instead, consumers rely the near the final draft: october information obtained from various platforms, websites make decisions. and through the analysis the data, the platform can even predict then affect consumer's behaviors the current mobipromo system can deliver the right information right consumer efficiently thus drive traffic the business owner efficiently. and the first access point consumers surfing internet, mobipromo can influence consumers' behaviors even earlier than any platform. but this not the final goal mobipromo system. the team, together with mobipromo, going utilize blockchain technologies and share the advertising engine with the community build decentralized content and network which construct more fair and credible environment for all participants our ecosystem. blockchain technology blockchain digitized, decentralized public ledger all cryptocurrency transactions. constantly growing 'completed' blocks (the most recent transactions) are recorded and added chronological order, allows market participants keep track digital currency transactions without central record keeping. each node computer connected the network) gets copy the blockchain, which downloaded automatically. bitcoin the earliest digital currency that applies blockchain technology. today, bitcoin playing role "gold" digital currency. ethereum decentralized platform that runs smart contracts. based ethereum applications can run exactly programmed without any possibility downtime, fraud third party interference. these apps run custom built blockchain, enormously powerful shared global infrastructure that can move value around and represent the ownership property. this enables developers create markets, store registries debts promises, move funds accordance with instructions given long the past (like will futures contract) and many other things that have not been invented yet, all without intermediary counterparty risk. our team believes that ethereum the coming years will become the backbone technol- ogy various commercial applications. however, ethereum itself will not become means convey commercial messages and values. users have actualize the enormous value ethereum through applications. the decentralized system such application. evolvement decentralized service with the issuance and circulation can tokens, will able integrate the online and offline services and sales. the payment tool for our global advertising services, content distribution services, and other various types services will rely our cryptocurrency. near the final draft: october firstly, can tokens can immediately used redeem the existing services that the system provides globally, which include: targeted advertising mobipromo owns thousands locations around the globe provide advertising services via wi-fi. business owners may select display their advertisements all partial locations. the sophisticated backend systems mobipromo will intelligently analyze the nature the advertisement content and subsequently select the locations and timing deliver the advertisement obtain the largest effectiveness. the mobipromo backend system also able locate the group people who should interested the advertisement and thus specifically push the advertisement them. the effectiveness can increased one hand and the cost drastically reduced the other. proximity marketing services for the locations which mobipromo wi-fi devices are installed, mobipromo intelligent backend will enable the business owners broadcast their new products information, coupons, membership credit points, etc. the wi-fi. and all these services provided mobipromo will settled can too. content distribution network (cdn) mobipromo locations are about provide cdn services. content providers will use the service and pay the services with can tokens. the can tokens collected will partly distributed the location owners. mobipromo wi-fi nodes are growing rapidly and globally. the variety mobipromo services growing too. these services are settled with can tokens, the demand for can tokens expected increase continuously. secondly, will gradually build decentralized system from the original perspective, the network nowadays can seen vast network covering different geographical areas. the drawback this traditional centralized network that the communication among the locations the network could poor even none. daily operations, there may even some fraudulent behaviours. rebuild the network using the blockchain technology, the current problems could perfectly solved. current mobipromo system mobipromo white-label, direct-response, wireless, proximity marketing technology designed engage consumers with highly targeted and relevant advertising from local, regional, and national brands. mobipromo incentivizes consumers use the system providing free wi-fi internet access. near the final draft: october mobipromo has the ability push geographically, behaviorally, device specific and competitor targeted, merchant created and managed advertisements, coupons, discount offers, banners, and video infomercials consumers. mobipromo white-label hardware and cloud based technologies. providing marketers means build their own brand rather than someone elses. using the merchant's logo, branding, domain, advertiser rates, terms and conditions, and much more. from both consumer and merchant's perspective, the system looks and operates seamlessly the merchant's own system. acquire legally compliant validated consumer data automatically. the mobipromo opt process fully compliant with the latest u.s. federal trade commission laws introduced october every opt-in process compliant with the telephone consumer protection act telemarketing sales rule, and canspam act. mobipromo includes email marketing and text marketing systems that allows network operators take full advantage compiled data. merchants signup, pay, and manage their own advertisements easy steps self-serve merchant system designed bring new merchants on-board automatically. allowing merchants review the benefits, select advertising package that matches their needs and geography, subscribe and pay online, and start advertising within minutes. mobipromo includes template-based tools for merchants create well-presented business listings and appealing advertisements very simple step process. merchants' select and purchase admin-created advertising packages relevant their marketing needs, location, and budgets. merchants keep the sale price. the merchant interface includes tools track and monitor campaign performances, predictive analysis reporting that forecasts redemptions, service and stock requirements for three months advance, based current monthly trends: additional tools man- near the final draft: october age consumer reviews and email subscriptions: (i) newsletter feature provides means create and disseminate periodic newsletter subscribers; (ii) barcode generator; (iii) coupon embedding code generator enabling merchant integrate their coupons into their website extend campaign reach existing customers; (iv) email subscription code generator for integrating into websites, newsletters, and other promotional media; and (v) direct link codes for both mobile web coupons and offers that can used for any promotions including code production. consumer behavioural targeting consumer behaviour targeting presents tremendous opportunity engage consumers time, place, and with their interest focused. returning the most responsive results ever. the mobipromo system monitors consumer behaviour and interests whilst they are shopping and searching the web. then the most appropriate time deliver matching merchant advertisement directly the relevant content the consumer viewing. our behavioural engine tuneable and trainable from within the administration management interface. wireless device targeting target consumer devices device brand, device operating system, and device browser type. useful for app dissemination, carrier network, and other specific campaign styles. the device specific targeting module updated weekly ensure the latest device information always available. competitor targeting system stop losing sales online vendors the competitor targeting system designed for retail merchants combat consumer showcasing. the merchant specifies who its competitors are and would provided the opportunity reach its potential customers with matching better offer before they purchase online. mobipromo brandable hotspots mobipromo now features individual brandable hotspot locations. every hotspot location can branded with host merchants logo even sponsored advertiser, upsell for every location the merchant's network. near the final draft: october mobipromo analytics mobipromo provides extensive real-time reporting and analytics that enable merchants and administrators instantly evaluate and compare campaign's performance and return-on-investment (roi). from command position, administrators can review network performance overview, run predictive analysis forecasts, scrutinize every keyword found content viewed system users, and view consumer sessions location/device. mobipromo provide administrators unsurpassed array reports and tools ensure the merchants are control. proximity marketing wifi hardware devices available highly optimized indoor and outdoor models. devices are plug play set and forget. there absolutely device level management required. simply place connect our wi-fi marketing hardware devices. devices automatically self-configure location, geo-fencing consumers, displaying relevant advertisements based upon location, and consumer interests, while providing free internet access. mobipromo includes marketing tools and delivery mediums satisfy even the most aggressive location based marketer's endeavours. wifi affiliate marketing system offers marketers revolutionary affiliate fraud parasite free network mobipromo includes proprietary wifi affiliate marketing system that replaces the traditional affiliate website with wifi marketing device. devices are typically deployed high-footfall areas and the consumers come the merchant instead paying drive traffic website. systems operate days year. the merchant could control its campaigns, advertisements, marketing locations, devices with without affiliates. the wifi affiliate marketing system gives mobile marketers the ability offer clients direct-response sales leads produced from lead forms, make product and service sales incorporating e/m-commerce, and cpm, cpc, cpa campaigns. the mobipromo wifi affiliate marketing system has ability display, track, record, and assign commissions for any cost per thousand (cpm), cost per click (cpc), cost per action (cpa), cost per sale (cps) e/m-commerce campaign, and compatible with all shopping carts. driving results directly advertiser's portal while tracking and recording which advertising, campaign, revenue partner, affiliate, location, and device produced the results, and then assigning either fixed percentage commissions, device device, location location performance basis. near the final draft: october devices, results, advertising campaign configurations, and affiliate tracking information completely tamper proof. empowering every revenue partner/affiliate with the potential become super affiliate without wasting dime promoting their website. the wifi affiliate marketing system also includes affiliate user interface should the merchant decides power its existing affiliates with the latest technology. the affiliate interface provides complete and detailed campaign, device, location, performance, commission, and payment reporting. the wifi affiliate marketing system payment processing system includes affiliate payment methods paypal, check, and wire transfer. video infomercials take television commercial and display mobile with attentive audiences. provides the ability display advertising video infomercials configurable, strategic intervals during the consumer's free wi-fi session. included title and linked call-to-action areas allow immediate consumer direct-response and interactivity. target audiences geographically, behaviourally, competitor, user device manufacturer, device operating system, device browser type, day week, time day, set start and end times, and duration. frequency cap session, number views, and advertisement priority. consumers register once and automatically connect every location the merchant's network once consumer registers obtaining free access token, they can automatically access free wireless internet from anywhere within the merchant's network regardless the number locations such merchant has where located, locally, the other side the country even internationally. mobipromo extends the marketing area the consumers home and office mobipromo has the ability extend the proximity marketing area reach far beyond the original location and the consumers home and office. consumers can take advantage all the offers they found from the convenience their home and office. mobipromo includes web interface that allows consumers shop from home office, select offers interest, add them the inbuilt mobi-wallet account interface and use their mobile phone redeem the offers the next time they are out shopping. all communication emails and text messages consumers are configurable. consumers also have the convenience adding rss feed from your mobipromo network their browser. every near the final draft: october time new deal comes onto the system their browser will alert them. keeping merchant offers focus. next generation mobipromo system dcan(decentralized content and network) today, our system robust platform all over the world, being able provide the high quality advertising services that can satisfy numerous location owners, advertisers and consumers. however, have ambition build world wide decentralized content and system which much larger than the existing one. after decentralization, all the participants inside the system has equal status and also high motivation take part the system. near the final draft: october inside this decentralized system, advertisers can place their advertisement through the decentralized application and also make payment. the advertisement consumption will counted based the actual pop number various locations. the blockchain technology will help ensure the mutual trust and the payment issues. core issues: advertisement effectiveness: the effects the advertisements broadcasted the advertising locations are evaluated advertisers themselves. and the amount paid for the also correlates with the effects the advertisements. the advertisers can choose and adjust where they want put their advertisements order have the best effects. fraudulent behaviors:with our system, all responses towards the advertisement, such the clicks and etc. will recorded and accurately tracked. such, the effects the advertisement can clearly shown the advertisers and most the fraudulent behavior happened today's advertising environment can effectively avoided through the future decentralized system. and the trust between the advertisers and locations will gradually built up. will work closely with mobipromo design system and construct community make work. decentralized content and network will bring everyone inside the system huge benefits, and each participant has his own role: role responsibility issuer will, together with mobipromo, build and organize can community charge the ecosystem maintenance. the system developer early stage, mobipromo will push the can ecosystem selforganizing system, and will eventually one the participants. can tokens the medium with which the and content service rendered and paid location owners business owners the providers the locations, they will awarded with can for providing the service nodes advertisers advertisers will require the users pay for the decentralized services with can tokens. advertisers will able track the effectiveness through the system and could therefore avoid the fraudulent behaviors. near the final draft: october consumers consumers are the recipients the services. decentralized system, consumers will rewarded can tokens return for their attention and mentality consuming. blockchain nodes all the blockchain nodes will benefited mining. the benefits would highly motivate them participate actively this system. structure order complete the establishment the decentralized system with the can tokens, there are some more delicate design required, both technical aspects and strategical aspects. through these designs, the decentralized system will have three characteristics: fair, trustworthy and self forming developing. the major elements the design are: ethereum and the related infrastructure, including swarm,ipfs,whisper. these are not all full operation the present time and yet, the foreseeable future, they will become mature and usable. the software that displays nodes:for decentralized application, even build the foundation existing infrastructure, will challenging task do. advertising nodes:when ipfs ready and available, will realized through ipfs. prior that, need specialized application this. facilitating the tokens for exchanging and the supported smart contracts. near the final draft: october flow design autonomous payment system advertisers pay can tokens for services, and submit the required ad. the can tokens once paid will automatically mean that the advertisers have entered into smart digital contract supported dapp. advertisement will stored swarm network nodes and then displayed the locations. when the triggered the nodes, the will displayed intelligently, order achieve the largest effect under the decentralized environment. the solution designed identify the consumers taking note certain identifiable characteristics with the consumers (in the case wi-fi, this characteristic mac address) and then link the mac address with relevant address inside ethereum. locations receives the list, then check the ethereum address that specifically identifies individual consumers. and following the nature the particular consumer behaviors, will display the that most suitable for the particular consumer. the identification message stored swarm, ipfs alternative solution. when the successfully displayed the locations, there will record swarm ipfs. and advertisers may choose pay for the two ways: buy bulk instant payment. ecosystem each and every participant who already inside the can token ecosystem has strong incentive maintain the operation the ecosystem well promote can ecosystem increase the inner value can tokens. the nodes operators are also properly compensated because they can gain lot mining. such, soon the message passes on, the ecosystem will grow itself, very quickly. therefore, based reasonable ground, mobipromo strongly believes that the number service nodes will also increase drastically and that this decentralized platform and the ecosystem will soon grow into huge sized platform which every party will benefited abundantly. near the final draft: october roadmap near the final draft: october corporation structure limited incorporated under the laws hong kong, the primary objection digital capital limited (the "issuer") promote the development and the application the centralized (and ultimately decentralized) platform. also aims initially develop the decentralized platform and advocate governance and transparency for the platform. the issuer would enter into cooperation agreement with mobipromo limited ("mobipromo"), pursuant which mobipromo will provide full license for the use its intellectual properties, and shall responsible for the research and development the decentralized platform. can token sale the issuer will fund the continual operation and development the centralized platform and also the development the decentralized system through the issuance can tokens. these can tokens will run natively the ethereum blockchain and will offered backer this project via token sale. the token sale will launched about october subsequent token sale(s) will take place once the index such business size, areas covered, variety services etc. have been drastically improved more than the prototype the decentralized platform has been developed whenever the issuer considers necessary its full discretion. token allocation and distribution the supply the can tokens limited the number billion (,,,) total (including those available for sale during the token sale) and will generated upon the launch ("token launch"). the can tokens will distributed the following manner: near the final draft: october can token allocation channels number percentage remarks current token sale n/a anchor investors which locked for months team which locked for months advisors treasury for the payment developers partners can community future token sale(s) n/a total ,,, n/a line with the project's philosophy, all funds (btc eth) will tracked and used for the following purposes: supporting the current and future business operation, further development and the expansion mobipromo wi-fi locations (including hardware investment) all over the world. funding the adoption new cutting-edge blockchain technology into our system. near the final draft: october funding the development decentralized system. acquisition other companies the industry. acquisition related intellectual properties for the system. working capital and any other purposes the company sees fit. the can token (can) native ethereum divisible digital token with decimal places. can tokens will consumed the network follows: can tokens can used the medium value exchange among current mobipromo network. advertisers are required buy and use can tokens order use the advertising services the mobipromo network. location owners and consumers who browse the advertisement the mobipromo network will rewarded receiving can tokens. business owners who joined mobipromo network can give consumers can tokens coupon membership integral encourage consumers using their services. consumers could use can tokens redeem the service products merchants shops. for the avoidance doubt, the can token holders are not entitled receive any dividends distribution the issuer vote our board meetings shareholders meetings. for details the token sale, please refer our website: mobipromo.io. please also read carefully the risk disclosure set out appendix and, necessary, please obtain independent legal and advices before participating the token sale. near the final draft: october our team project team jason (ceo) holding master degree electrical engineering from tsinghua university. currently one the founders mobipromo ltd, leading wifi proximity marketing company. was working tsinghua university for researching and developing internet applications. was one the founders beijing eee-times company which was listed third board stock market china. james lau (cto) senior engineer and software team leader. has worked industry for more than years and has full experiences all fields software technique. had led development many internet applications different areas. keeps following the current tech trends and now working research and development block chain technology. has the working experience oracle principal technical analyst. ola johannes lind (cmo) nationality sweden. has degree management and worked the united states. had led the team conduct internet and mobile internet related business multiple countries and has rich experiences marketing management. william morris tait (product director) nationality australian. worked internet media and companies the united states for long year. has rich experience internet product design and development. richard sze (business development director) holding bachelor arts degree, major international businesses (japanese studies) from city university hong kong. has over years experience sales development and marketing. was leading the global sales team multinational telecom equipment manufacturer and from scratch, had successfully gained the trust well the businesses more than ten major strategic customers china and hong kong within the period year and months (-). these customers near the final draft: october include the famous china oems telecommunications such zte, huawei, konka and haier. joey (business development director) holding master degree business administration from the university bradford, uk. currently one the founders and cfo marketing ltd(sub company mobipromo), leading and largest wifi marketing company hong kong. also worked cmo app development company science park for years before joining marketing ltd. howard chan (business development director) holding degree from abilene texas university, texas. has over years experience sales and marketing, including assisting ravago (the biggest recycle plastic the world) open the market thailand, assisting thai suppliers import rice welcome supermarket (one the biggest supermarket chain hong kong) and assisting petrol catalyst company china sell their products chemical korea, polytama indonesia, ppt thailand etc. advisor team binsheng wang the advisor the organization blockchain researching and development. the executive member micro-finance forum. the angel investor blockchain industry. haihui zhang the secretary general the organization blockchain researching and development. the secretary general micro-finance forum. had been charge for many years central bank and alibaba. jianping jiang ceo zijing cloud limited. was cto huawei cloud corp. was cto vianet corp. henry practising blockchain lawyer and early bitcoin adopter. with over years legal experience various international law firms and leading investment bank. founded his own law firm, l&y law office (www.lylawoffice.com), provide legal services the blockchain and cryptocurrency communities. appointed the hon. legal advisor the hong kong federation inven- near the final draft: october tion and innovation and the institute financial technologists asia. member the technology committee the hong kong law society. graduated king's college, university london (llb, akc) and then the university hong kong (pcll). has been interviewed cnbc and other blockchain media. johnny yeung ethereum developer. former engineer participating railway system development siemens. now focus developing ethereum and has developed several ethereum business applications. has interviewed largest blockchain media taiwan. graduated northeastern university with computer engineering major. david tang early blockchain participant. regional champion mastercard hackathon and competed behalf the asia-pacific region the world mastercard hackathon competition. has been invited join the team mastercard for payment gateway development. tang now focusing blockchain business solution development. serial entrepreneur. former ebay project manager. founded mews, online news platform, and acquired share economy group ltd (hk). near the final draft: october appendix about mobipromo mobipromo privately held company founded hong kong. with strong team, vast experience and significant ips acquired and linked mobile advertisements, combined with wide network relationships amongst the shop owners and telecommunication networks, mobipromo strategically situated lead project this kind, addition ensuring that the platform already has viable business and revenue model day one and maintains high level liquidity and transaction volume required operate the platform. what the mobipromo system? mobipromo system the most advanced wifi marketing and monetization system available. mobipromo has the ability push geographically, behaviourally, device specific and competitor targeted, merchant created and managed advertisements, coupons, discount offers, banners, and video infomercials consumers. are working the blockchain technology the system order make stable ecology among consumer, merchant and advertiser. how does the mobipromo system work? nowadays, information release has used fixed mode like website and app. different users have different habit, but have same demand such receive coupon the shop, receive timely and effective advisory the trip. the information releasing mobipromo system does not depend any website app that its unique advantage. network has already entered our lives gradually and less people are willing use public wi-fi. face the pressure, what the advantage mobipromo system? and why people still use public free wi-fi? not going free all data telecom operators. mobipromo system free, security and decentralized network. with blockchain technology, each user can participate mobipromo network and become independent node. based these nodes, would provide more fantastic and useful services for the user. mobipromo has strong user monitoring and analytic system. how protect user privacy? administrators can review network performance overview, run predictive analysis forecasts, scrutinize every keyword found content viewed system users and view consumer sessions location. based those behavior information, mobipromo would push specific sources. each account for each nodes generated automatically through blockchain. the same time, all information must encrypted, and the privacy such phone number and password cannot recorded. near the final draft: october appendix risk disclosure this appendix does not purport advise you all the risks and other significant aspects the token sale. you should also consider any additional risks and considerations relating the token sale and consult your own legal, tax, financial and other advisers before entering into any transaction. worst case, you could lose your entire payment amount. there are number risks involved this token sale, well the future development, maintenance and running can tokens and decentralized system. some these risks are beyond the control the issuer. each person participating the token sale ("purchaser") should comprehend, consider and evaluate carefully the risks described below addition any other available information before committing the token sale. each purchaser should pay particular attention the fact that, although the issuer established hong kong, neither can tokens nor the decentralized system has any specific physical presence. addition, the legal and regulatory position can and the decentralized system may vary depending the facts and circumstances. they may therefore fall within the purview one more jurisdictions, least some extent, and the legal and regulatory implications may therefore unexpected. participation the token sale shall taken action based upon careful and prudent analysis and evaluation, and will deemed the relevant purchaser having been fully informed, advised and willing bear all the risks associated with it, including set out this appendix. amendment termination the token sale the date this white paper, the issuer still seeking legal advice number matters including but not limited the governance structure, operational plan and the token sale process. pending such advice, some all aspects this white paper and other materials may need amended, announced the website. the purchaser should aware the risks associated with possible changes, which may have adverse effects the utility and legitimacy can and/or the decentralized system. also, the token sale may terminated the sole and absolute discretion the issuer. such cases, purchaser may only refunded with part their contribution result the expenses incurred the issuer effecting those refunds accordance with this paragraph. limited availability sufficient information the decentralized system still early development phase the date this white paper. its governance structure, fees, purpose, consensus mechanism, algorithm, code, infrastructure design and other technical specifications and parameters may updated and changed frequently without notice. while the white paper contains the key information currently available relation our system, subject adjustments and updates from time time, announced the website. purchasers near the final draft: october will not have full access all the information relevant can and/or our system. nevertheless, given the open source nature the decentralized system, anticipated that significant milestones and progress reports will announced the website. regulatory measures crypto-tokens may overseen the legal and regulatory authorities number jurisdictions globally. the issuer may receive notices, queries, warnings, requests rulings from one more authorities upon short notice, may even ordered suspend terminate any action connection with the token sale the decentralized system whole without prior notice. furthermore, many aspects can tokens and our system also involve untested areas law and regulation, and could subject new laws regulation, their legal and regulatory outcome all relevant jurisdictions not possible predict. the planning, development, marketing, promotion, execution otherwise our system the token sale may seriously affected, hindered, postponed terminated result. since regulatory policies can change with without prior notice, any existing regulatory permissions for tolerance can tokens, our system the token sale any jurisdiction may withdrawn without warning. can tokens could deemed from time time virtual commodity, digital asset even money, securities currency various jurisdictions and therefore could prohibited from being sold, purchased, traded, distributed held certain jurisdictions pursuant local regulations. turn, the decentralized system could deemed regulated restricted product. there guarantee that can tokens and our system can maintain any particular legal regulatory status any particular jurisdiction any time. non-completion account verification direct purchasers are required activate the can for ots issued the issuer's smart contract completing the verification process the website instructed. such verification process includes but not limited know-your-customer ("kyc") and anti-money laundering and counter-terrorist financing ("aml/ctf") checks. the delivery inactive can tokens the direct purchaser fully fulfills the issuer's obligations and the responsibility the direct purchaser complete the verification process. the issuer will under obligation refund should inactive can holder subsequently fails complete all required verifications. cryptographic protections cryptography evolving and there can guarantee security all times. advancement cryptography technologies and techniques, including but not limited code cracking, the development artificial intelligence and/or quantum computers, could identified risks all cryptography-based systems including can tokens and our system. when such technologies and/or techniques are applied can tokens and our system, adverse outcomes such theft, loss, disappearance, destruction, devaluation other compromises can tokens may result. the security can tokens and our system cannot guaranteed the future cryptography security innovations unpredictable. abandonment development failure near the final draft: october due the technically complex nature the decentralized system, the issuer could face difficulties from time time that may unforeseeable and/or unresolvable. accordingly, the development our system could fail, terminate delayed any time for any reason (including but not limited lack funds). development failure termination may render can untransferable, reduced utility, and/or obsolete. theft token sale proceeds there may attempts steal the token sale proceeds. such theft attempted theft may impact the ability the issuer fund the development maintenance can tokens and decentralized system. while the issuer will endeavor adopt industry best practices keep the token sale proceeds safe (including but not limited the use cold storage and multi-signature authentications), successful cyber thefts may still occur. flaw source codes while the issuer adopts quality assurance procedures help ensure the source codes accurately possible reflect their intended operation, the flawlessness the source codes cannot guaranteed. they may contain bugs, defects, inconsistencies, flaws errors, which may disable some functionality, create vulnerabilities cause instability. such flaws may compromise the predictability, usability, stability, and/or security the can tokens and decentralized system. open source codes rely transparency promote community-sourced identification and solution problems within the code. unpermissioned, decentralized and autonomous ledger the decentralized system being developed serve various distributed ledger systems including but not limited ethereum, which are unpermissioned protocols that could accessed and used anyone. the utility and integrity the decentralized system relies the stability, security and popularity these decentralized ledgers. our system envisaged open, decentralized community and its composition can include users, supporters, developers, can holders and other participants worldwide who may may not connected with the issuer any manner. given the diversity the underlying technologies, the decentralized system intended decentralized and autonomous nature far its maintenance, governance and evolution are concerned. compromised security the decentralized system relies open source software and unpermissioned distributed ledgers including but not limited ethereum. accordingly, anyone may intentionally unintentionally compromise the core infrastructural elements the decentralized system and its underlying technologies. this may consequently result the loss any digital tokens held the decentralized system and may cause the utility can tokens fall. "distributed denial service" attacks open source project, our system connected number public and unpermissioned systems and therefore may suffer cyber-attacks, including "distributed near the final draft: october denial service" any time. these attacks may temporarily permanently impair, stagnate paralyze the network the our system. this may result delays the recording transactions inclusion transactions the blocks the relevant blockchain. severe cases, our system may also become unusable for extensive and undefined period time. inadequacy processing power the ramp the decentralized system may accompanied sharp increases transaction numbers and demand for processing power. the demand for processing power outgrows that forecasted, the network the decentralized system could destabilized and/or stagnated. this may create opportunities for fraudulent activities including but not limited false unauthorized transactions (such "doublespending") arise. all these may adversely impact the usability, stability and security our system. unauthorized claim can tokens can tokens can claimed bad faith any person who successfully gains access the holder's wallet, email applicable, their verification account they have registered the website ("verification account"). this can result deciphering cracking the holder's password private key, phishing scams and/or other hacking techniques. subsequently, these can tokens may sent anyone and such remittance not revocable reversible. recommended that all can token holders should take appropriate security measures safeguard their wallets (including but not limited the use two-factor authentication). each can token holder responsible for the security their wallet, email and verification account the website all times. loss private key the loss destruction private key will permanently and irreversibly deny the holder access their can. can are controlled only the validation both the relevant unique public and private keys through the local online wallet. while recommended that all can holders protect and securely store their private keys, each holder responsible for safeguarding the private keys applicable their own wallets. forking can token developed the ethereum blockchain, which open source protocol. once released the open source community, anyone may develop patch upgrade for the source code ethereum without prior permission anyone else. the acceptance patches upgrades significant, but not necessarily overwhelming percentage the ethereum holders could result "fork" the ethereum blockchain. the temporary permanent existence forked blockchains could adversely impact the operation our system and the utility can. such fork can undermine the sustainability our system ecosystem, and may destroy frustrate the decentralized system while fork the blockchain could possibly rectified community-led efforts re-merge the two separate branches, success not guaranteed and could take undetermined amount time achieve. popularity near the final draft: october the utility can dependent the popularity the decentralized system. can tokens may not popular, prevalent widely distributed after the completion the token sale. can tokens may remain marginalized the long run, appealing only minimal fraction users. also, may the case that speculators could end being key drivers can tokens demand. absence active users low level utilization may negatively affect the long-term development and future the decentralized system, and reduce obviate the utility can. market liquidity after the token launch, the issuer not responsible for the subsequent circulation and trading can tokens. can token not money, legal tender currency, fiat otherwise, issued any individual, entity, central bank national, supra-national quasi-national organization, nor backed any type quantity assets, property credits, nor does represent any entitlement any distributions profits, dividends, any other returns payments any kind the utility can token solely based the views expressed buyers and sellers. there obligation the issuer nor anyone else redeem, repurchase acquire any can token from any can token holder. there guarantee assurance that there will market marketplace where holders may readily trade can tokens. price volatility many cryptographic tokens have volatile prices. large fluctuations price over short timeframes occur frequently. such fluctuations could result from market dynamics (including but not limited speculations), regulatory changes, technical advancements, exchange availabilities and other factors that impact the equilibrium between token supply and demand. addition, the issuer not responsible for any secondary market trading can tokens, regardless whether such markets exist for can tokens. the issuer's exposure cryptographic tokens after the completion this token sale, the issuer expects that certain portion the proceeds will held cryptographic tokens. the issuer expects convert appropriate proportion cryptographic tokens received into fiat currencies the sole discretion the directors the issuer. for the avoidance doubt, can token holder has any right, title interest any such cryptographic tokens. potential concentrated ownership can tokens immediately after the completion the token sale, number individuals, including but not limited the directors, advisors and early backers the issuer, may directly indirectly own significant proportion total available can tokens. these significant can token holders will, through their voting powers and abilities exchange the tokens for various memberships, have significant influence over the decentralized system including its operational decisions. these significant can token holders may, acting alone concert, not necessarily make decisions that are the best interests the other can token holders the wider our system community whole. potential competitors near the final draft: october the decentralized system's core infrastructural systems are open source nature. therefore, anyone can copy, replicate, change, enhance, reproduce, reengineer, modify, reprogram otherwise utilize the source code and/or underlying protocol the decentralized system. the issuer will not control such attempts develop competing system, software, platform product. should this happen, the output these attempts may consequently compete with even outperform the decentralized system, and may render the decentralized system obsolete. there have been and will continue number competing blockchain-based platforms that dedicate significant human, information technology and financial resources the creation and deployment various decentralized applications and/or smart contracts. privacy and data retention issues part the token sale and the subsequent verification processes, the issuer may collect personal information from direct purchasers. the collection such information subject applicable laws and regulations. all information collected will used for purposes token sale and community management for the decentralized system and may transferred contractor, service providers and consultants worldwide appointed the issuer. apart from external compromises, the issuer and its appointed entities may also suffer from internal security breach whereby their employees may misappropriate, misplace lose personal information direct purchasers. the issuer may required expend significant financial resources alleviate problems caused any breaches losses, settle fines and resolve inquiries from regulatory government authorities. any information breaches losses will also damage the issuer's reputations, thereby harming its long-term prospects. tax matters relating participation the token sale participation the token sale may have tax reporting implications and liabilities for purchasers from certain jurisdictions. such liabilities shall borne the purchasers alone and all purchasers are advised consult their tax advisors prior participating the token sale.