proof-of-stake-velocity (posv enhancing the social currency the digital age reddcoin (rdd) core august written by: jay "techadept" laurence john "cryptognasher" nash update the original whitepaper written larry ren, april reddcoin's "redd paper": guide posv table contents abstract ................................................................................................................................ introduction ....................................................................................................................... goals this redd paper: .......................................................................................................................... technology ......................................................................................................................... proof work ...................................................................................................................................... mining arms race ......................................................................................................................................... miner incentive ............................................................................................................................................. manufacturers asic mining equipment ................................................................................................... proof stake ...................................................................................................................................... initial distribution ......................................................................................................................................... hoarding ....................................................................................................................................................... full nodes ..................................................................................................................................................... mining multiple forks .............................................................................................................................. proof stake velocity (posv)............................................................................................................. what the velocity money ...................................................................................................................... higher velocity for better economy ......................................................................................................... economics ........................................................................................................................ medium exchange ......................................................................................................................... unit account.................................................................................................................................. store value .................................................................................................................................... deflation inflation ......................................................................................................................... digital social currency ...................................................................................................... social commercial ......................................................................................................................... transition from pow posv ............................................................................................................ hard clone..................................................................................................................................... conclusion ........................................................................................................................ five year retrospective .......................................................................................... analysis, discussion proposed enhancements "introducing posv v." ................................... user stake payment returns enhancement................................................................................................ reddcoin development fund ...................................................................................................................... reddcoin (rdd)'s redd paper: posv summer abstract proof stake velocity (posv) was proposed and implemented alternative proof work (pow) and proof stake (pos) order secure the peer-to-peer network and confirm transactions reddcoin, cryptocurrency created specifically facilitate social interactions the digital age. posv was designed encourage both ownership (stake) and activity (velocity) which directly correspond the two main functions reddcoin real currency: store value and medium exchange. reddcoin can also function the unit account heterogeneous social context. over our first five years, posv has been immensely successful meeting its goals, and this updated paper meant reflect further refinements the protocol after real-world implementation and feedback. the technological aspects posv are presented after detailed review existing and future-looking designs. the economic aspects reddcoin date and future effect are then analyzed. the unique position reddcoin digital social currency the competitive landscape cryptocurrencies discussed. finally, analysis the past five years chain operation, notable aspects, and the new enhancements the existing reddcoin posv protocol are explained. introduction bitcoin among today's most discussed and controversial topics. ever since satoshi's seminal paper bitcoin has evolved from technological experiment embraced small group computer enthusiasts what some today consider the most important innovation since the internet. most recently, there are new variants bitcoin, called altcoins, created every day and whole new industry altcoin trading exchanges, mining pools, gaming websites emerged. few topics today are more polarizing than cryptocurrency. some merits cryptocurrency touted technologists are considered sins economists. cryptocurrency considered movement believers and fad disbelievers. instead open and honest discussion involving all sides, what have witnessed dialogue the deaf, which each camp justifies its own intellectual laziness pointing the intellectual laziness the other camps. this one the main obstacles that prevent cryptocurrency from being accepted the general public. what really know about this evolution? cryptocurrency just technological breakthrough also economic one? mining cryptocurrency progress retrogression? cryptocurrency meant replace government and financial institutions compliment them? cryptocurrency designed for hoarding and speculation spending and use? and, the most fundamental question all: cryptocurrency real currency just virtual property for speculation? satoshi nakamoto. bitcoin: peer-to-peer electronic cash system. paul krugman. ubernerd weighs in. paul krugman. adam smith hates bitcoin. david yermack. bitcoin real currency? economic appraisal. reddcoin (rdd)'s redd paper: posv summer far innovation the cryptocurrency world has been almost exclusively technical. technologists have proposed improvement various aspects bitcoin, such new hash functions replace sha and new mechanism replace proof-of-work. there have been very few cryptocurrencies designed address the economic and social aspects being real currency. reddcoin, the time writing, seems only one. goals this redd paper: update and re-release this defining paper (our "redd paper") with four goals mind: give broad overview the current issues around cryptocurrency; both the technological and economic, which might not have been foreseen the original designers those systems. address these issues with proposals which require coordinated changes both low-level network protocol and high-level economic and social eco-system. encourage more open and objective discussion cryptocurrency the general public and promote more complete thinking for future innovation the cryptocurrency world. explain development efforts improve and enhance the reddcoin protocol following five years real-world observation performance and "in vivo" user activity its divergence from theory. the rest the paper organized follows: section describes detail the merits and drawbacks proof-of-work (pow) and proof-of-stake (pos) from both technological and economic points view. posv then described address those drawbacks the specific context digital social currency. the technological design choices posv are given broad strokes. more detailed technical analyses will presented companion paper, also updated for this release, and has been active for almost five years successfully, lessons learned and observed results are also described. section addresses the most common criticisms economists cryptocurrency and shows how reddcoin and posv together provide new answers and new opportunities for social research general. section emphasizes the main differences between reddcoin, digital social currency which focuses integration with human social interactions and aims concretize and quantify people's intangible asset social influence, and the much more common digital commercial currencies which aim facilitate transactions goods and services and offer protection from hyperinflation. colin percival. stronger key derivation via sequential memory-hard functions. sunny king and scott nadal. ppcoin: peer-to-peer crypto-currency with proof-of-stake. john nash jay laurence. proof-of-stake-velocity technical data review, published, reddcoin (rdd)'s redd paper: posv summer technology cryptocurrency uses principles cryptography implement distributed, decentralized and secure cash system. solves the problem double-spending distributed ledger introducing mechanism secure the network against attacks and distributed denial service (ddos) attacks. the underlying principle such mechanism the necessity expending resources when confirming transactions. once confirmed, transactions become irreversible it's practically infeasible for attacker have access the huge amount resource required modify them. different mechanisms use different types resources accomplish this goal. proof work proof-of-work (pow) piece data which costly produce satisfy certain requirements but trivial verify. bitcoin uses the hashcash pow. mining, the process producing pow, plays the central role creating, distributing and securing bitcoin and many its variants. the most common criticism pow mining its massive waste energy. the time writing, the total daily revenue mining bitcoin growing daily. depending the aggregate profit margin and the fraction overall cost that electricity accounts for, estimate the daily total electricity cost approximately "enough power iceland". addition this wastefulness, there are several more reasons why mining remains very controversial aspect pow cryptocurrencies. mining arms race mining nature extremely competitive. mining costs include initial expenditure equipment plus on-going energy cost. miners are predominantly rational profit seekers. their top concern how long takes recover the initial cost, i.e. the length return investment (roi). during the very early age bitcoin, mining was carried out cpu. when mining later became available graphics cards (gpu), mining cpu became immediately loss-making. bitcoin price continued soar, mining operation witnessed mini industrial revolution. application-specific integrated circuits (asics) designed carry out pow computation several magnitude higher speed and lower energy cost started emerge and soon rendered gpu mining obsolete. this relentless arms race causes constant worry among average miners who usually fail recuperate initial investment and cannot afford continuous hardware upgrade. bitcoin uses shaas the hash function pow and the first experience this arms race. the same arms race happening cryptocurrencies that use the scrypt hash function. scrypt was initially touted "asic-resistant" due its heavier memory usage. reality, asic-resistance one the most misleading and over-abused marketing slogans the cryptocurrency world. the correct word "asicignored". asics can designed and manufactured perform all hash functions. the entry barrier not technical but financial. unless there sufficient market demand for mining scrypt-based cryptocurrencies, it's simply financially unprofitable for manufacturers invest the production such asics. while scrypt under the threat asic, many cryptocurrencies have been created use alternative hash functions such scrypt-n, scrypt-jane, and these cryptocurrencies all market themselves the latest and best generation asic-resistance when this resistance entirely adam back. hashcash denial service counter-measure. national institute standards and technology. secure hash standard (shs). colin percival. stronger key derivation via sequential memory-hard functions. reddcoin (rdd)'s redd paper: posv summer dependent being minority. it's deeply self-contradictory for cryptocurrency pitch asicresistance its main merit gain wide adoption when this sole merit depends being unpopular. theory, can preferable have separation between mining cryptocurrency and using it. it's more efficient leave mining operation specialists who use their domain knowledge achieve economy scale. this indeed the case for bitcoin, the most established cryptocurrency. however, for many newly created variants, average gpu-miners make the vast majority user communities and the fear asic directly threatens their social fabric. miner incentive miners provide paid service cryptocurrency networks, that security and consensus. should remembered that they are all profit-seekers first and foremost. fixed cost, it's perfectly rational for them mine the most profitable cryptocurrency and sell quickly the market limit exposure price risks. hence were born the so-called "multipools" which fully automate this process. multipools create two new problems the cryptocurrency world. first, the profit-seeking multipools pushes many cryptocurrency prices just above mining production cost. mining production costs inevitably down due technological advances, many cryptocurrency prices suffer from downward death spiral, which hurts the morale the corresponding communities. second, multipools employ strategies that exploit the lag the readjustment difficulty pow. multipools switch cryptocurrency with low difficulty and keep mining while its difficulty gradually catches up. the moment the difficulty rises its fair value, multipools switch again. consequence, multipools mine blocks significantly lower average difficulty than other miners. although from pure darwinian point view multipools help improve market efficiency and filter out the weakest, they force most cryptocurrencies focus extremely short-term interests rather than long-term growth and innovation. manufacturers asic mining equipment the most profitable miner, one must the first get the latest equipment that offers the highest hash rate per unit cost. therefore manufacturers asic mining equipment have strong financial incentive use their own product for mining first and only start shipping equipment buyers after mining profitability drops enough. this inherent conflict interests has profound impact every aspect the mining business. for example, the vast majority manufacturers ask for prepayment exchange for promise. the actual delivery usually delayed months, which reduces mining profitability for their buyers almost zero. manufacturers often offer refund for shipping delay product defect their terms and conditions, effectively eliminating their own liabilities and openly exploiting the desperation buyers. all these frustrations reduce the confidence average miners and undermine the soundness pow mining the guardian cryptocurrencies' decentralized networks. eyal and sirer, majority not enough: bitcoin mining vulnerable reddcoin (rdd)'s redd paper: posv summer proof stake proof-of-stake (pos) alternative pow first introduced peercoin the resource used pos "coin age": currency amount times holding period. similar energy, coin age resource expensive amass huge quantity. for attacker accumulate enough coin age attack the distributed network, either has buy open market large amount the very currency he's trying attack, driving its price during the process and diminishing his economic incentive, hold coins for very long time, reducing the frequency his own attacks. one useful feature pos the significant savings energy consumption. another main feature the better alignment incentives between miners and stakeholders because miners are now the stakeholders. pos, however, has several limitations: initial distribution pos, construction, relies fair and wide distribution cryptocurrency but doesn't deal with the logistical issue how achieve this fair distribution the first place. comparison, mining pow, despite all its drawbacks, also serves potent channel distribution. this chicken-and-egg problem was and remains major challenge for all pos cryptocurrencies. far there have been two popular workarounds: "pre-mine", i.e. similar subscription stock ipo financial markets and hybrid system pow and pos with pow gradually fading away after initial period. the main criticism "pre-mine" for pos coins, its lack guarantee either fair wide adoption. the vast majority "pre-mine" turned out fraud. for those which were not, investors and speculators with deep pockets can easily control large stake the currency, transforming its nature into more speculative vehicle than currency. over-concentration stakes also increases the security risk the decentralized network. the pow-pos hybrid system alleviates these concerns running pow and pos parallel. pow mining works both steady distribution channel and fall-back network security mechanism. pow block rewards down over time, pos has enough time move the spotlight. unfortunately, doesn't matter what particular model pos cryptocurrency uses for initial distribution. the mere knowledge the public that cryptocurrency will eventually rely pos compromises its ability achieve fair and wide distribution. this the inherent paradox proof-of-stake. editorial note: while the above still holds true, retrospect after five years, large part due the economic cycles and current development status reddcoin, can said that perfect storm circumstances has allowed reddcoin overcome many the above challenges simply continuing exist and evolve. rdd present highly distributed, "utility" all current legal standards, and subject only proof-of-stake (posv, specifically) generation. hoarding the entire pos network depends coin age the scarce resource. coin age can only earned holding coins. earn coin age higher rate than others, one must hold more coins. coin age consumed when coin spent transaction. pos mining require user repeatedly send coins them self, thus consuming his reserve coin age exchange for probabilistic winning pos block reward without reducing the size the holding. coins spent transactions facing other users also have sunny king and scott nadal. ppcoin: peer-to-peer crypto-currency with proof-of-stake. reddcoin (rdd)'s redd paper: posv summer their coin age reset zero but this consumption coin age outside the scope pos mining, unqualified for block rewards and considered "waste" most pos stakeholders. now becomes clear that pos has been designed encourage hoarding and discourage spending. some pos coins, such peercoin, openly declare their philosophy "function more long-term store value than medium exchange." this sense, pos coins are created collectibles rather than currencies. scarcity necessary but insufficient condition for collectibles have value. collectibles must also offer some form utility such aesthetics and historic significance. considering the fact that anyone can access and modify the source code pos coins and potentially offer improved version, theory, there infinite supply. the scarcity condition doesn't hold. remains unsolved puzzle where pos coins marketed collectibles derive their value from. full nodes pos transforms all stakeholders into miners. all they need collect interest rate leave their wallets running and connected the pos network and participate the confirmation transactions. wallets which stay online for extended periods time are called full nodes. staying online seems rather simple requirement. comes quite surprise that pos coins tend suffer from insufficient number full nodes. this seeming paradox can explained two reasons. first, typical pos networks, coin age equals the number coins times the holding period. doesn't matter whether wallet connected the pos network during the holding period. offline wallet accumulates coin age the same rate online one. the only difference that always-online wallet receives block rewards fashion that's more evenly spread out over time while occasionally-online wallet receives block rewards few concentrated clusters. this difference alone insufficient encourage most stakeholders stay online. second, it's commonly perceived average pos stakeholders that running wallets and staying connected for long periods time significantly increases security risk. this was particularly grave reddcoin (rdd)'s redd paper: posv summer concern when early versions pos wallets didn't support wallet passphrases during mining. since then there has been work reduce the security risk. considering the two reasons above, average pos stakeholder tends make the rational decision connecting pos network only sporadically and infrequently. the lack sufficient number full nodes can result higher risk security breach pos networks. mining multiple forks pos mining, each stakeholder spends coin age while looking for the next valid block. another stakeholder finds valid block first, the coin age consumed the unsuccessful attempt fully reimbursed. forks happen all distributed networks cryptocurrencies. pow addresses this issue enforcing protocol level that the blockchain with the largest sum difficulty always wins. this allows all the nodes the network converge consensus rapidly. miners all have clear incentive mine blocks only for the most difficult blockchain. mining for any other fork almost guaranteed wasteful. the situation very different when comes pos. when there are multiple forks pos network, the nature the blockchain, stakeholder has the same stake replicated across all the forks. technically the stakeholder can simultaneously mine all these forks running multiple copies the wallet. what causes the biggest trouble the fact that pos protocol picks winning blockchain based length. and the length blockchain decentralized network heavily depends timing. can quite common for different subsets the network have different ideas about which blockchain the longest while the information still being propagated. the lack synchronization network time further complicates it. it's much less robust way, compared pow, reach consensus. pos can't use the sum difficulty blockchains the criteria for chain selection because difficulty pos adjusted each stakeholder based their consumption coin age and therefore remains local knowledge. there network-wide agreed-upon block difficulty. when stakeholders pos networks find difficult pick the blockchain winner, they have the incentive "bet all horses" simultaneously mining all the forks. this significantly aggravates network security. most pos coins alleviate, but don't solve, this problem enforcing "duplicate stake detection" the client wallet level but not the protocol level. they also argue that practice the financial rewards for multi-fork miners are small enough deter such attempts. proof stake velocity (posv) what the velocity money the velocity money the frequency which one unit currency flows through economy while being used members the society within given time period. all else being equal, higher velocity money joshua kennon. the velocity money for beginners. reddcoin (rdd)'s redd paper: posv summer indicates more flourishing economy, richer members and healthier financial system. the formula measure the velocity money given time frame the following one: where the velocity money; the aggregate notional transactions and the total amount money circulation. economy, can also replace with which the nominal national domestic product. other words, given fixed amount money circulation, the velocity money must increased order increase the size the economy. higher velocity for better economy the vast majority the drawbacks pow and pos aren't due flaws technical design but the disconnect from the economic and social aspects being real currency. it's fair say that most cryptocurrencies are created technological products but are "mis-sold" currencies. posv builds upon the strength pos and introduces new features address its flaws. posv designed encourage ownership (stake) and activity (velocity), the two main criteria for being social currency. must emphasized that posv designed specifically for the digital social currency reddcoin and not intended serve drop-in replacement for other cryptocurrencies that don't share the same economic and social goals. posv should evaluated piece the reddcoin ecosystem and not stand-alone. given fixed amount coin, coin age calculated function time. let's denote this function the coin-aging function. the form the coin-aging function ultimate importance. not only decides the growth rate coin age resource over time via its first derivative but also decides the utility function stakeholders. the main limitations pos, too much incentive for hoarding and too little incentive for staying online, result from the fact that the form its coin-aging function linear. the linear form leads constant coin age growth rate and utility function that disobeys the law diminishing returns. changing the form coin-aging function has profound impact. for example, let's assume coin-aging function posv exponential decay function. the coin age growth rate gradually decreases with time. the exponential decay constant chosen achieve particular half-life such month. each reddcoin (rdd)'s redd paper: posv summer coin accumulates one coin day per calendar day during the first month, half coin day per calendar day during the second month, fourth coin day per calendar day during the third month, etc. the holding period coin approaches infinity, the total accumulated coin age asymptotically approaches coin months. this exponential decay function dramatically changes stakeholders' incentives. new coin accumulates coin age much higher rate than stale ones. with fine-tuned half-life, posv encourages stakeholders active moving their holding, either mining/staking transacting with counterparties, both which increase money velocity and improve the health the reddcoin economy. stakeholders are also encouraged stay online and contribute verifying transactions the posv network. the asymptotic limit coin age due exponential decay function provides extra security for the network. the maximum amount coin age stakeholder can earn now equals coin amount times twice the half-life. this significantly increases the difficulty any successful attacks. the coin-aging function can take other forms. linear and exponential decay functions are both monotonic. what about trigonometric functions which are non-monotonic and periodic? nonmonotonicity produces positive and negative growth rate coin age different points time which along with periodicity translate into rewarding and penalizing holding with seasonal pattern. this can used fine-tune the seasonality money velocity. the bottom line that posv designed accommodate different forms coin-aging functions order implement the necessary monetary policies the reddcoin economy. alleviate the problem mining multiple forks, posv helps the nodes reach quicker consensus giving preference the head block with the largest sum coin day spent among all the transactions. economics there has been extensive economics debate about bitcoin through its history. most economists remain unconvinced bitcoin's status real currency. reddcoin and posv are designed address some those concerns and offer new angles reexamine these fundamental questions. medium exchange there largely consensus bitcoin's function medium exchange. fact, almost all the merits bitcoin talked about today boil down how acts better medium exchange, e.g. global reach, lower fees, much quicker transaction and easy use. however, the fact that the bitcoin network must secured "mining" which expends real resources (energy) considered many economists drastic retrogression retrogression that adam smith scorned his immortal work the wealth nations written comparison, posv and pos mining/staking require little energy consumption and can done any average user any computer and even mobile devices. paul krugman. adam smith hates bitcoin. reddcoin (rdd)'s redd paper: posv summer unit account many economists point out that bitcoin cannot used the base currency for accounting taxreporting and therefore fails unit account. interestingly, the german finance ministry has officially classified bitcoin unit account. more and more merchants are accepting bitcoin for payment. especially the world cryptocurrencies, bitcoin has assumed the special status reserve currency and the choice the denomination for more and more goods and services. reddcoin and posv bring whole new question: what the "unit account" for human social interactions any? currently, social interactions are quantified different ways different social networks. facebook, may measured the number like and share; twitter, the number retweets; amazon, the number and quality product reviews; blogs and forums, the number posts and replies. the total lack universal yardstick makes impossible measure and compare social interactions heterogeneous context. other words, there useful unit account for human social interactions right now. social influence remains significant yet opaque asset. reddcoin was created fill this gap becoming the first digital currency integrated with all major social networks, extensible any others, and beholden none, and serving the "unit account" for social interactions the digital age. inside the distributed ledger reddcoin, transactions can interpreted not only purely financial terms but also proxies for human behaviors. researchers social sciences have long been looking for way track, organize and study human social behaviors large scales. reddcoin offers unique global platform for these areas research and opens new possibilities for value-added services and entire ecosystem derived value from that insight and activity. store value economists are largely skeptical bitcoin's function store value. they compare bitcoin with gold and dollars and point out its lack fundamental floor the value []: underpinning the value gold that all else fails you can use make pretty things. underpinning the value the dollar combination (a) the fact that you can use them pay your taxes the u.s. government, and (b) that brad delong. watching bitcoin, dogecoin etc... reddcoin (rdd)'s redd paper: posv summer the federal reserve potential dollar sink and has promised buy them back and extinguish them their real value starts sink (much) more than per year. placing floor the value bitcoins what, exactly? posv, pow pos themselves don't provide fundamental floor for the value cryptocurrency. however, reddcoin, the digital social currency that posv specifically designed for, does enjoy floor its value due its aim function the global reserve currency human social influence. humans are nature social animals. social activities are embedded the very fabric societies. aristotle famously pointed out politics, "society something that precedes the individual. anyone who either cannot lead the common life self-sufficient not need and therefore does not partake society either beast god." based aristotle's insight, underpinning the value reddcoin simply its utility helping humans being human. more that section deflation inflation any discussion monetary system incomplete without discussing inflation. bitcoin and many its variants were created with deflationary model which the total quantity the cryptocurrency capped. effect, bitcoin has created modern digital version the gold standard world which the money supply fixed rather than subject increase via printing press. bitcoin advocates believe deflation virtue preserving the value bitcoin versus inflationary fiat currencies and thus making better store value. bitcoin price has indeed soared the last few years, further validating the merit deflation its supporters' mind. however, deflation and soaring price both provide strong incentives for people hoard bitcoin rather than spending it. indeed, according this paper, much bitcoin was never spent make matters worse, prices goods and services when measured bitcoin have plunged; the bitcoin economy has effect suffered major depression. meiklejohn, pomarole, jordan, levchenko, mccoy, voelker, and savage. fistful bitcoins: characterizing payments among men with names. internet measurement conference, paul krugman. golden cyberfetters. reddcoin (rdd)'s redd paper: posv summer pos and posv both employ inflationary model with fixed nominal interest rate. for example peercoin adopts nominal interest rate per annum compared posv's central banks developed countries, e.g. bank england, european central bank and federal reserve, have longterm inflation target around posv chooses because reddcoin, the digital social currency, should encourage more spending, i.e. social interactions, than other cryptocurrencies which not share this goal. also given the global nature social networks which involve users both developed and emerging markets, seems strike the balance when addressing both monetary and nonmonetary causes inflation. the monetary system reddcoin not created make individuals who hold money rich, but facilitate transactions and make the reddcoin economy, whole, rich much different sense. digital social currency social commercial commercial currency the most common form currency. its main function facilitate transactions exchange for goods and services. bitcoin and its variants have been pushed the latest innovation commercial currencies and compete head-to-head with fiat currencies, such usd, gbp and eur, for shares commercial transactions the global economy. social currency entirely different nature. according wikipedia: social currency common term that can understood the entirety actual and potential resources which arise from the presence social networks and communities, may they digital offline. derives from pierre bourdieu's social capital theory and about increasing one's sense community, granting access information and knowledge, helping form one's identity, and providing status and recognition. very recently, small but growing number companies have come embrace the concept "social currency", allowing customers pay via facebook posts, twitter tweets and other social media content. however the lack yardstick measure the "fair value" social media content and influence the nathan lewis, this why want "inflation", forbes.com wikipedia, https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/social_currency, last edit reddcoin (rdd)'s redd paper: posv summer main obstacle. our knowledge, reddcoin the only digital social currency that was created, designed and has continuously evolved become the "reserve currency" people's social interactions. reddcoin has two main objectives: concretize and quantify one's intangible asset "social influence", and facilitate social interaction especially for content creators within between social networks, both on- and offline. reddcoin doesn't compete with commercial currencies, fiat digital, but rather strives complement them. merchant support encouraged, and on- and off-ramps fiat and sensibility are being pursued, especially when the commercial activities form parts collective social experience. but the social aspect will always remain the utmost focus reddcoin. reddcoin is, bottom, about sharing oneself, about sharing one's love, about being part reddhead community that welcomes, and does not limit judge. the three most important assets the ecosystem reddcoin are brand, community and infrastructure. reddcoin developers have always gone great lengths create brand that's professional, friendly and consistent. great care taken foster community "reddheads" that shares clear long-term mission and the same set values being friendly, helpful, generous, caring and rational. all system infrastructures are built with special emphasis providing uniform, simple and secure user experience. again, reddcoin is, bottom, about sharing oneself, about sharing love. pfajfar, d., sgro, and wagner, 'are alternative currencies complement fiat money? evidence from cross-country data' international journal community currency research reddcoin (rdd)'s redd paper: posv summer note: even five years later, this branding and ethos still seems hold true and lasting value for reddcoin. some competitors have positioned alternatives more established coins like rdd and btc well fiat for payment and transactions, but none have fit the model social currency. see this validation the above tenets and beliefs. transition from pow posv reddcoin was launched january and the writing the original white paper, was still using pow. the chain transitioned active posv and has been performing objectively well the five years since. this paper intended form the foundation the upgrade posv since the very beginning, reddcoin has been distributed large and diverse user base through multiple channels that include one the very few successful and honest initial public coin offering (ipco) (liquidated the original team reddcoin's transition volunteer team), mining, trading multiple exchanges, genuine community promotion events, generous giveaways and user tipping multiple social networks such reddit, twitter and facebook. reddcoin stakeholders include people from hundreds countries, with diverse background, age and interests. the original time writing (), according information http://bitinfocharts.com, reddcoin had fairer wealth distribution per wallet address than all the top cryptocurrencies such bitcoin, litecoin, dogecoin and peercoin. reddcoin also had times more coin age spent then than all the other pow cryptocurrencies. reddcoin, without posv, was already the currency with the fairest stake ownership and the highest monetary velocity. over the ensuing years, that place crypto history has only been maintained and improved with products like reddid, redd pos and others. hard clone there shortcut cloning reddcoin. particular, the clone cannot adopt posv from inception because, discussed section the mere knowledge the eventual adoption posv pos will lead people hoarding from the very beginning. achieve fair and wide distribution, element surprise protocol level plus dedicated efforts community level are both indispensable. reddcoin's existing brand, community, infrastructure and the publication this paper make very difficult duplicate what has already been achieved. note: even more so, believe, with the update posv reddcoin (rdd)'s redd paper: posv summer conclusion have implemented "proof-of-stake-velocity (posv)" alternative "proof-of-work (pow)" and "proof-of-stake (pos)". started going through all the major drawbacks pow and pos and then showed how posv significantly reduces the wastefulness mining, eliminates mining arms race, averts the threat multipools and asics, avoids the inherent conflict interests asic manufacturers, introduces new forms coin-aging functions discourage hoarding and encourage spending and greater contribution the network. following multi-year real-world observation period, have planned some small adjustments the core protocol further realize the promise reddcoin's ecosystem. general concerns economists toward cryptocurrency were discussed and addressed light the recent development reddcoin and posv. particular, reddcoin continues well positioned fill the niche digital social currency that's tightly integrated with human social interactions and acts the yardstick concretize and quantify people's intangible asset social influence, well providing dynamic and live insight into social network content and publishers note intrinsic the system natural follow-on backend analysis tipping data. all these facets taken together offer reddcoin the "perfect storm" unique and compelling use case, technological advantage, and growing and genuine community support reddcoin's evolution and continued success. five year retrospective this paper was originally written part reddcoin's protocol and consensus evolution. the blockchain and protocol have evolved, has the team and those responsible for advancing the reddcoin mission and goals, integral part, have found, making reddcoin successful social currency. though rdd has been actively used and traded currency and remained the top ranked crypto-assets throughout this period, recognized bita and alt crypto-indices, have observed some overarching and addressable issues the design and mechanism posv. thus, submit for evaluation the new proposed version, posv analysis, discussion proposed enhancements "introducing posv v." during the last five years reddcoins posv existence and operation, the targeted growth the network was targeted conservative annual growth, however the observation and analysis this period time has been measured closer the order the variation due the nature posv coinage weighting and the clearly noted tendency for some large stakeholders intentionally fail stake. the larger economic scheme, that growth has been coupled with slower-than-expected penetration crypto concepts, whether reddcoin other, into the mainstream. have discovered that with more users and more velocity and activity, come pragmatic concerns multiple fronts. reddcoin officializes its entry into the bita index!, medium.com rdd included alt crypto-index, analytic tools and blockchain data available https://bitinfocharts.com/reddcoin/. addition, supporting technical analysis document will published the reddcoin team. reddcoin (rdd)'s redd paper: posv summer how more appropriately incentivize online staking take place keep the network secure possible, with many online nodes possible. how facilitate the onboarding new users and introduce users network functionality without requiring excessive cost their part, but still limiting spam and squatting reddid and other product lines. how provide non-traditional funding mechanism team and development activities keeping with the community-driven and anti-corporate philosophy reddcoin, the absence profit-seeking motive attract traditional vc, angel other investors. believe that with two minor adjustments the current unique posv protocol that can achieve our goals all these fronts and more, thus fulfilling more steps the path the reddcoin's success the pre-eminent social currency. enhance regular user stake rewards multiples what they are drive more users stake and secure. provide funding stream from the network facilitate development and ecosystem work directly from that pool increased user rewards. user stake payment returns enhancement present only small proportion wallets the reddcoin network are staking online and thus actively securing the network and establishing consensus the correct chain. this writing, that proportion ~%, the network. propose posv multiply the current reward scheme the inverse that value, order cause more users and wallets want stake and capture these enhanced rewards, while securing the network. the multiplier will recalculated with each block and will apply successfully staked and accepted blocks, unless and until wallets are online and staking which time the expected reward can considered today's example, with only the network staking, the stake reward would multiplied user would normally have received rdd for their reward based today's protocol rules, with this change place, today they would receive if, hypothetically, next week, lots users decided stake online and the reddcoin network was staking participation level the multiplier would still today's "normal" rewards. summary, this change can expected multiply current rewards anywhere from over current, ensuring the network grows the desired annually, matter how many stakers are active online, and that those who are active are suitably rewarded more. economic opinion seems give expect that these enhanced stake rewards and more globally available coins may have negative price pressure effect terms absolute market price, but the value rdd itself its social and shareable/spendable value and has never been meant reddcoin (rdd)'s redd paper: posv summer speculative tool, not see that negative. addition, may also noted that growth the money supply does not necessarily lead inflation there equal growth the value the goods and services economy." expect that the overall network security and participation enhancement, well further inducement avoid hoarding, will bring users the network stake and spend, especially core wallet software itself enhanced and products requiring rdd are released, such reddid. reddcoin development fund this proposed staking change above will provide all users the reddcoin blockchain with more available coins, and community sentiment the form donations and crowdfunding have supported this approach and the core team's work throughout the past five years, the team has also decided integrate option support the reddcoin development team and ecosystem development efforts directly into the core protocol. ... operational funding for development activities date, the team has functioned loosely democratic consensus involved individuals. all significant actions are executed approved team consensus. have agreed internally that order make reddcoin success, that there needs reliable minimal, revenue stream behind the development work pay for operational costs, salaries, legal and other fees, marketing/pr, listings and other engagement with the commercial financial tech world. these costs have been borne donations community members well directly team members date. but this model the long term not sustainable, regular, fair. instead, have determined that simply applying small percentage operational fee while staking the "enhanced" mechanism above, official wallets that this will provide adequate operational fund for all the above needs, essentially future-proofing the reddcoin network and allowing grow organically self-funding. these funds will under the control the dev team tool for growth and will reported regularly the community. expect the fee set enhanced staking rewards (esr) after economic and tokenomic modeling. that say that after the stakes have been multiplied above, that the above donation/fee will deducted and sent the dev wallet directly. the net result designed that users will see multiples current earnings with their same stake, and the dev team will able use that revenue drive other less obvious aspects the ecosystem success. and the network will grow the expected and designed-for annually without any changes that core metric. the team will publish periodically account how these funds are have been, spent and are planning build more governance and voting mechanism around that the future. are aware that such decisions should democratized and decentralized stake-holders, and will working toward that direction will full openness, honesty, and transparency, have the past five years since our inception. welcome suggestions that well any other parts our work. daly/blockchannel, understanding inflation crypto networks, medium.com, reddcoin (rdd)'s redd paper: posv summer ... portion the fund support philanthropic activity and other viable-and-vetted needy causes. major component the reddcoin and reddhead community the spirit and loving philosophy have tried build. that includes both making easier for users find and reward socially positive efforts others individually, and highlight and reward such efforts much possible with the power the reddhead community together. for that reason are committing spend least received funds toward such "social mandate" causes such positive social events, individuals, groups and others seem deserve it, separate from other promotional marketing activities the team might sponsoring. charity, philanthropy, and altruism have always been, and should always be, part the crypto and specifically reddhead community, and see this opportunity support those deserving help both within and without that community. hope have components this effort built into both the reddcoin website and reddid and other products they evolve spotlight those types truly deserving causes, and will target the above percentage towards those goals. ... reimbursement/repatriation fund for users who've verifiably lost funds, either through fault their own those outside their personal control that could not reasonably have been avoided. the team and/or community will need establish governance around this well above philanthropic efforts, but observed human behavior shows that one perfect, and allowances should made possible. the team has received many inquiries that would subject this fund available, some entirely legitimate. this would allow least degree positive outcomes when funds have been lost otherwise made inaccessible. commit spending least collected funds toward fund this nature meant make whole, fairly resolve, individual issues case-by-case basis for user support. not expect that this will provide "insurance" for the entire community, will certainly take some the risks from users who've made mistakes with smaller amounts, that otherwise could not restored. all have been beginners one time, and have all lost coins our journey, the feeling the team that dedicating proportion incoming assets this purpose, well using those funds more efficiently enable user support general, will make our community much more welcoming, forgiving and friendly one than the typical crypto community, has been since the beginning, course. reddcoin vibrant top cryptocurrency, and enjoys diverse, inclusive and open-minded community, now five years since our humble beginnings. our technology unique and our community welcomes all willing engage socially. the reddcoin core team pleased bring you these next steps into reddcoin's future the pre-eminent well the original social currency the future. stake on!! reddcoin (rdd)'s redd paper: posv summer reddcoin (rdd)'s redd paper: posv summer www.reddcoin.com reddcoin (rdd)'s redd paper: posv summer