reforging the cornerstone the blockchain world summery satoshi nakamoto first invented bitcoin "decentralized electronic cash system," integrating various computing technologies such communications, cryptography, chain data structures, etc. together and forming decentralized, non-trust and game-based autonomous system the blockchain. followed ethereum implementing turing-complete smart contract concept, which with the capability doing logic processing and value transfer over different entities the chain. since then, more and more people are aware the huge potential blockchain technology. they started study blockchain technology and promote the continuous development blockchain infrastructure. however, connections between the blockchain and the physical world are still rarely observed. mainly due the limitations the current blockchain platforms: the capacity the blocks limited. recording massive transactions could easily lead congestion. the consensus algorithm itself lacks flexibility. it's not easy introduce other factors the consensus algorithm comprehensively measure contribution chain users. the existing blockchain systems are largely closed the sense that the smart contracts only accept on-chain events trigger and lack the interaction with the physical world. are aiming build brand-new blockchain ecosystem canonchain and push the blockchain technology higher dimensional space that can eventually serve value transfer protocol for the future internet. through our innovation variant technologies covering communication, consensus algorithm and smart contracts, physical layer protocol redesign, are finally make canonchain the bridge between the blockchain and the physical world. canonchain drives current internet things (iot) the era fog things (fot). although various devices iot are distributed different areas, the interaction between them and all the operations are performed through the cloud server. essentially, iot still centralized architecture with many bottlenecks large-scale expansion: soaring costs, system congestion, reduced reliability, and server vulnerability. addition, the devices' data are also owned service providers, individual users cannot fully access their own data. based decentralization requirement foggy network, canonchain, have redesigned some elements the traditional blockchain: consensus algorithm based devices' resource contribution such computation, storage, and communication (section .). new smart-contract design accommodate both on-chain and off-chain events enable value exchange between inside and outside the chain (section .). introducing new transaction rate mechanism achieve social optimal allocation blockchain resources (section .). new cryptographic structure and access control allowing individual users have full access their own data (section .). extensive integration existing third-party software, such distributed file systems, distributed databases, combine their strengths with blockchain technologies (section .). optimized hardware interface allows heterogenous devices have seamless access canonchain (section .). built-in token exchange system facilitate value exchange between different deos (decentralized operating systems) operating the foggy network. with these innovations, the users, devices and services are connected decentralized way without going through the central server. the above-mentioned centralization problem won't present canonchain. canonchain eventually evolving into hardware and software combined ecosystem. all devices systems running canonchain can considered citizens the community; they buy production from others; they contribute their own productivity the others and get payment; they pay certain amount tax; they play game under regulation. will build ecology make canonchain sustainable. can not guarantee that the entire canonchain project will ultimately fulfill our vision. however, what can make sure that once the entire project started the community-based maintenance will endless. canonchain committed creating ecosystem involving open source communities around the world and third-party developers. with developer reward program, canonchain encourages third-party developers working together promote blockchain innovation across open source applications and industries. the goal make canonchain the medium for exchange information and value among individuals the connected world. achieve sustainable development canonchain and avoid the scattered structure, will create canonchain foundation community governance, code management, financial support, franchise operations and other operations. meantime, the governance structure will continuously updated following the development foundations and communities. the canonchain foundation will collaborate with various business and government partners and share resource and opportunities with each other. contents summery ........................................................................................................................................ introduction ................................................................................................................................. canonchain and the foggy network ..................................................................................... technical characteristics ....................................................................................................... geometric philosophy .................................................................................................... canonchain foggy network supercomputer............................................................. canonchain zen ruler (czr) and canon chain zen compass (czc) ............................. governance .................................................................................................................. canonchain scenarios ............................................................................................................... platform application ........................................................................................................... interactive applications....................................................................................................... vehicular network ........................................................................................................ mesh network .............................................................................................................. big data applications ........................................................................................................... artificial intelligence training ....................................................................................... canonchain technology ............................................................................................................. pop consensus algorithm .................................................................................................... node contribution ........................................................................................................ design goals ................................................................................................................. pop algorithm design ................................................................................................... smart contract .................................................................................................................... mechanism design transactions .................................................................................... encryption and access control ............................................................................................ third-party tools ................................................................................................................. distributed file system ipfs ......................................................................................... distributed database nosql ........................................................................................ lightning network ........................................................................................................ developer tools ........................................................................................................... open source hardware ....................................................................................................... team .......................................................................................................................................... core team members ........................................................................................................... advisory team ..................................................................................................................... canonchain roadmap ................................................................................................................ canonchain token: czr ............................................................................................................. czr ...................................................................................................................................... czr allocation plan ............................................................................................................. czr release mode ............................................................................................................... czr contract the team .................................................................................................... funds from private investment .......................................................................................... risk disclaimer ........................................................................................................................... introduction canonchain and the foggy network figure canonchain and the foggy network technically speaking, canonchain decentralized supercomputer formed the idea blockchains. this supercomputer runs any network device (such computer, smart phone, smart watch, vehicle, gamepad, street light, etc.) with canonchain protocols and other deos (such ethereum, eos, etc.). the supercomputer, terminal devices provide input and output, data processed the foggy network controlled canonchain. section illustrates the structure the supercomputer details. from the physical world point view, canonchain open, secure and trusted decentralized operations organization. all connected devices are citizens the canonchain: they buy products from other; they contribute their own productivity means production for remuneration; they pay certain amount tax; they play games under regulation. different from current iot devices, the devices that operate canonchain are distributed. services acquired canonchain device provided one multiple devices the chain and cannot identified, that's why call foggy network. canon chain designs self-evolving system for foggy network based value incentive from the chain: define the measure value: canonchain defines how measure the contribution devices the foggy network and how provide incentive the contributing devices. with the accurate measurement contributions and appropriate incentive the devices, guide and achieve the maximum value the foggy network. build community ecology: build community that provides developers with friendly, positive feedback mechanism build thriving decentralized application ecosystem. self-evolution capability: the governance canonchain can guide the foggy network evolving towards faster, stronger, and better user experience without excessive human intervention. canonchain can not only support traditional internet and iot services such as: social, ecommerce, games, home security, medical alarm etc., but also support other new services that will dominate next era. services that require large amount interaction and collaboration between nodes. for example, self-organizing mesh networks, and scene detection vehicular network. services that require large amount computing power. for example, big data scientific computation, artificial intelligence training. services other blockchains that follow the underline consensus algorithm canonchain. technical characteristics geometric philosophy geometry one the most wonderful subjects mathematics. has both beautiful graphics and delicate propositions. the earliest word geometry from greek "geometria", which study the spatial structure the nature. ancient times, people constantly accumulated and mastered various concepts plane, line, square, circle, length practice and gradually realized their positional and quantitative relationships. modern geometry has developed many branches such differential geometry, topology etc. and used different fields such surveying and mapping, architecture, astronomy and computer. new subject computer science, blockchain has great relevance geometry. the network blockchain involves the knowledge topology. the cooperation and competition among miners blockchain can studied using game theory and differential geometry. after blockchain grows certain volume and reaching certain extent coverage, the development each region will have statistical self-similarity and fall into the category fractal geometry. other factors other than computational power, such storage and bandwidth, are introduced into consensus algorithm, the block chain goes higher dimension. the purpose canonchain create super computer and network system with disperse storage, computing and bandwidth based blockchain technology, which extremely complicated. simplify the design and abstract the idea canonchain, borrowed the concepts "ruler" and "compass" geometry, and developed the canonchain zen ruler (czr) and canonchain zen compass (czc) tools study and design canonchain. ruler and compass are the most basic research tools geometry. rulers used measure and compass used regulate drawings. the canon chain world, czr measures the performance components while czc regulates the interaction components. the objective czr and czc find the optimal solution canonchain different use cases, and serves the engine driving canonchain development and evolution. canonchain foggy network supercomputer figure shows the structure supercomputer combined with canonchain and foggy network: czr and czc are the core the entire computer. they define the basic operation rules and supply core security mechanisms. they can analogized the bois ordinary computer. the other components canonchain, such consensus algorithms, smart contracts, etc., instruct the operation the computer and coordinate devices the foggy network. they can analogized the cpu ordinary computer. the foggy network provides computational power process data and can analogized the gpu ordinary computer. the devices the foggy network are connected network, which can analogized the system bus ordinary computer. figure canonchain supercomputer install and integrate third-party software such distributed web servers, distributed databases etc. and provide development api. developers can build application and construct ecosystem top these. table summarizes the correspondence between various components canonchain and ordinary computer: computer canon chain foggy network function bios czr/czc provide basic rules and core security mechanism zong xian network data transfer between nodes gpu foggy network data processing cpu canonchain logic processing,node coordination and resource management table canonchain/foggy network components and the corresponding computer parts canonchain zen ruler (czr) and canon chain zen compass (czc) czr component comprehensively measuring the value elements canonchain and the foggy network; czc component that standardizes all aspects behavior canonchain and the foggy network. the existing blockchain solutions mainly focus the technology improving the blockchain itself, and only look for optimal solution the blockchain. however, canonchain combines the blockchain technology (on-chain) and foggy network characteristics (off-chain) together and cross-layer optimization, aiming find the global optimal solution such shown figure czr measures canonchain and the foggy network performance and plays critical role building the safety and stability the canonchain. the on-chain value measured czr include size the blocks the chain, time generating blocks, participation the miners, etc. the off-chain value measured czr includes transmission delay, bandwidth, storage, load and other capabilities the devices and stability, spread speed, usage frequency, token exchange rate the applications. czr post-process the measurements obtained and supply the analysis results czc. after receiving updated data from czr, czc set out re-establish the value system canonchain: build more sophisticated model, tap more dimensions, and adopt more robust and energy efficient consensus algorithm. after determining the changes the value, czc can propose the community upgrade canonchain. czc also defines the principle governance canonchain (section ..). canonchain uses czc establish service agreement binding contract between signed users. czc defines the obligations between users that cannot established solely computer programs. the same time, czc establishes the jurisdiction and laws based the generally accepted rules among each other. for each transaction broadcast the chain, it's signature must include the hash the czc regulate the contract signer. figure czr and czc global optimization canonchain and the foggy network governance when the process upgrading blockchain protocols when there security vulnerability, often see some temporary, informal, and even controversial governance processes the blockchain community, which could create hard-forking produce unpredictable results. for example, bitmain hard-fork from bitcoin because the disagreement over block size. ethereum had hard-fork because the dao was hacked. canonchain realizes community governance process through czc deal with few problems that cannot completely solved software algorithms present. canonchain, the governance power belongs block producers elected through community consensus (section ...). block producers have limited and supervised privileges freeze accounts, update defective applications, and make changes underlying protocols. block producers must represent the wide range interests all accounts canonchain community, and communities can elect replace block producers they abuse power refuse vote changes community interests. ... canonchain parameters after czc establishes operation principles canonchain, the parameters canonchain are determined community voting. the parameters are approved community, they are written into this version the czc. these parameters include: transaction fees: block time and maximum block size methods measure the contribution devices the principle generating candidates for block producers the number block producers allocation block rewards interface interoperating with other blockchains deos ... canonchain upgrade czc defines canonchain update method following: developers submit update proposal and get more than three-fourths the votes favor and holds all the votes for seven consecutive days. after step all users must use the hash the new czc confirm the transaction. developers submit modified source code the test chain. developers need continue holding more than three-fourths the votes support for seven consecutive days. after the source code modification passes test chain, all nodes need finish upgrade within seven days. the nodes that have not upgraded new code will automatically excluded. canonchain scenarios according different delay and computation requirements, canonchain application scenarios can divided into several categories. different category scenarios put forward different challenges for the blockchain technology, but canonchain provides corresponding solutions. platform application call the blockchain operating system class application model for computer chips such windows and linux systems "platform applications". following the standard chain fog networking protocols, any underlying blockchain operating system can run standard chain systems such bitcoin, ethereum, eos, and forth, they are willing follow the consensus the standard chain interoperability agreement, then you can also operate the standard chain and use, scheduling chain resources. this type platform application call "dos." interactive applications refer applications with low latency and high reliability requirements interactive applications, which include vehicular network, mesh network, medical diagnosis, security alarm, etc. services for such applications need acknowledged within short time period (possibly millisecond) that much less than the block production time current blockchain technology. vehicular network vehicular network, vehicles exchange information such location, speed, route, etc. collected gps, radar, camera and other sensors. traditional implementation, vehicle quickly transmits its own information cloud server through wan connection. the cloud server analyzes the information reported all the surrounding vehicles, and infer current traffic conditions and scenes have optimal scheduling vehicles route and semaphores cycles. canonchain, any peripheral devices can participate the vehicular network process information about the surrounding vehicles. for example, with canonchain enabled, the street light can beacon help vehicle positioning; all roadside restaurant cashier stations can the computing center for road scene calculations; pedestrian handsets can send alerts vehicle collision avoidance systems. mesh network mesh network can break the limitations cellular network and build low-cost nextgeneration wireless network, and gets more and more attention its performance such bandwidth, self-organization and robustness. present, has been widely recognized the industry one future directions wireless network technology. mesh network, each node connected other nodes multi-hop manner. any node can either client relay. node itself connected other nodes, client. node help transmitting messages others, the relay. the physical layer (such as: bluetooth, wi-fi, etc.) and network layer technology mesh network are quite mature. however, how give nodes incentive share their own resources (processor, memory, battery, etc.) relay still problem. mesh network built canonchain, the consensus algorithm can used measure the contribution the nodes and the block reward can allocated proportionally them, that the mesh network economically sustainable. big data applications refer applications that require high computational power and high throughput big data applications, including artificial intelligence, drug development, image rendering. the amount data exchanged between service nodes such applications far exceeds the block size the current general blockchain technology. artificial intelligence training machine learning algorithms, especially neural networks, have become more and more popular recent years. neural networks have been applied fields such computer vision, speech recognition, natural language processing, stock market prediction, etc. neural networks are driven emulate the work biological brain. computers are given same kind behavior humans, sometimes even beyond human capabilities. neural network could many hundreds even thousands layers, known deep learning network. projects deep learning networks require tremendous computational power for their deployment, training, and tuning. modern pcs can train networks with tens thousands samples reasonable amount time, supporting hundreds dimensions input data. deep learning networks, however, require even larger sample data, all currently implemented more powerful gpus. canonchain provides economically efficient solution for implementing deep learning networks. assigning the layers the deep learning network appropriately into different nodes, only necessary parameters between layers are exchanged among nodes speed the learning process and improve the learning quality. canonchain, the data the deep learning network reasonably allocated according the computing power the device, and their corresponding rewards are provided. canonchain technology pop consensus algorithm node contribution device nodes can measure their own resources contribution the chain, such cpu, memory, bandwidth and storage space, and application attributes and record the form contract the chain. application attributes could indicate the urgency and importance the transaction. based these data, consensus algorithm will rank the contribution nodes and pick out the candidates block producer. even two nodes have the same resource contribution, different application attributes can cause two nodes have different ranks contribute. applications (t) cpu (c) mem bandwidth (b) storage(d) importance (i) vehicular network low low low low high mesh network low low middle middle middle cdn low middle high high low database query middle middle middle high middle scientific high high middle high low computation table comparison contribution for different type applications measuring the importance applications, consider the marginal effect. for example, cdn transaction, node has processed enough cdn services for certain period, then the value the same amount resource will decrease with the marginal benefit, thus reducing the contribution the node. let denote device contribution function cpu utilization (c), memory utilization (m), bandwidth (b), storage (d) and application importance (i). take the block time canon chain unit time. for given application suppose starts time t!! and the current time then the contribution current time t!! !!!! p(c, where the discount factor considering the marginal value reduction. node serves more than one application the same time, the contribution the entire node time the summation contribution all applications t!! the formula above over simplified. actual case, czr considers more factors. determining node contribution sophisticated dynamic process. use one example mesh network illustrate this. the contribution nodes could also depend network topology. shown figure there are two mesh networks and both have good connectivity. the nodes inside each mesh network are active and contribute constantly. however, there only one node between these two mesh networks. any node mesh network wants talk nodes mesh network the message has through the middle node. this example, the physical resources contributed the middle node may not much those inside two mesh networks, but czr will rank higher terms contribution because the necessary device maintain the connectivity between the mesh networks. should noted that the nodes mesh networks has mobility, the importance the nodes will change accordingly, which requires intelligent and dynamic measurement from czr. figure node contribution relates network topology design goals consensus algorithms evolve along with the development the blockchain. table compares the advantages and disadvantages the popular consensus algorithms and their features. consensus algorithm canonchain designed fast, irreversible, and fair the devices foggy network. the original consensus algorithm was designed mainly for irreversibility. when one more accountants made fake transactions account book, the remaining accountants were still able reach consensus the books. pow (proof work) algorithm used bitcoin and the first generation ethereum irreversible consensus algorithm. pow uses competitive hashing accounting, with large amount energy being consumed competition. mining costs gets higher, and the speed gradually limited. result, the number nodes involved mining increases, the cost maintaining healthy ecosystem under the pow protocol will continue rise. order deal with the issues pow, reduce accounting energy consumption and improve accounting speed, blockchain researchers have proposed two alternative solutions: proof stake (pos) and proof importance (poi). the pos consensus algorithm uses the amount assets replace the amount computation power determine the probability being accountant. this algorithm solves the shortcomings pow, but enlarges the impact capital the allocation probability accounting, which makes easier for big capital form oligopoly and loses the fairness accounting. poi consensus algorithms introduce the concept account importance, using the account importance score assign the probability accounting. however, the importance accounts often lacks community consensus. the dpos (delegated proof stake) algorithm, improvement pos. the accountants are generated the election from the community. the reduction number bookkeepers allows the consensus algorithm run faster. the bookkeeper gets community recognition, making the entire accounting process more democratic and fairer. consensus algorithm pow how does work? pros and cons application competitive hash determine accounting advantages pros: bft,irreversible cons: waste electricity, high cost and low speed bitcoin, ethereum pos use the amount asset allocate the probability obtaining accounting rights pros: low energy consumption, high speed, irreversible cons:oligarchy, loss fairness ethereum casper dpos selects small group accounts proxy for pos pros: faster,democratic cons: doesn't include importance the accounts bitshare, eos.io poi use account importance allocate the probability obtaining accounting rights pros: low cost, fast, fair cons: lack consensus from community, account importance not necessarily matches device contribution table popular consensus algorithm and their comparison but for foggy network, the above several consensus algorithms have their own flaws. poi, the importance the account mainly judged the activity the account the chain and the number transactions, which cannot meet the requirement fully measuring the contribution devices off the chain. the accountant lacks community consensus. dpos, community consensus cannot completely reflect the contribution devices due huge volume devices widely spreading foggy network. propose the proof participation (pop) algorithm based device participation. pop combines the poi and dpos advantages ensure fairness devices and community consensus. notice that current pop algorithm not designed meet the ultimate goal fog networking, and consensus algorithm still based current blockchain technology. canonchain joint optimization blockchain technology and fog networking needs. shown the previous example, device importance and account importance are very different the foggy network. not the optimal solution use only account importance decide accounting rights. therefore, canonchain consensus algorithm will keep evolving the project moving forward and will adopted after consensus community. pop algorithm design ... elect block producer pop consensus mechanism, the system will first select wide range representative accounts candidate accounts. when choosing candidate accounts, the system considers number factors: the geographical distribution the accounts, type applications the account running; and contribution devices associated with the account, etc. candidate accounts are broadly representative and this approach very close the election congresses. each representative has the same voting power, and they are leaders their respective regions and their respective industries. the community votes the system-generated candidate accounts. according the votes obtained, the system picks total block producer from the candidates, where determined community voting and written into czc (section ...). the more votes candidate account obtained, the greater the chance selected block producer. therefore, the final selection the block producers has wide range representative, but also with community consensus. voting through the community can eliminate accounts that, though make contributions, are less active community construction even vandalize the ecology canonchain. ... block generation canonchain generates blocks every fixed seconds, where voted the community and written into czc (section ...). let n-block production time cycle. within intervals cycle, the block producers generate blocks round robin. one the block producers don't generate block within the specified time interval, then this block will skipped and the interval the next block becomes seconds. the next cycle, the order which the block producers generate blocks shuffled. this maintain good interoperability among the block producers and avoid canonchain branches develop into fixed pattern with small probability they could never merge. the following cases, the community will vote again elect new block producers: czr aware major change the status devices and czc submits new candidates the community. some block producers did not fulfill their duties and did not generate blocks for long time. ... transaction confirmation with block producer participation, canonchain does not fork and transactions can confirmed seconds average. however, there software bug, the network not smooth enough, some blockchain producer maliciously cause the chain forked, transaction needs confirmation from least block producers irreversible. smart contract smart contract more than just computer program automatically executes, also participant. responds received messages, receives and stores values, and can send messages and values well. smart contract like trustworthy person who can hold assets temporary and always operate pre-specified rules. shown figure from left right ordinary smart contract model. piece code smart contract) deployed shared, replicated ledger. the code maintains its own state, controls its own assets and responds external messages assets transfer. top the ordinary smart contract design, one hand, canonchain introduces device event which can trigger contract execution state change. the other hand, device can write callback functions contract. when the contract enters certain state, the device notified take appropriate action. figure canonchain smart contract introduces off-chain events smart contracts are value exchange channels between inside and outside canonchain. they are used for intermittent interactions between devices themselves between devices and the chain. take the following two contracts examples: contract when multiple devices cooperate process job, they sign contract guaranteeing contribute certain resources and put deposits into the contract. device wants quit, can send advanced notice via event, and the contract refund its deposit. contrast, the contract sees that one the devices' contribution doesn't not meet the goal, runs the callback the device and confiscate the deposit. contract when canonchain device runs commercial promotion program, signs contract with the promoter. whenever new user developed the device, certain amount asset transferred from promoter's account the device account. mechanism design transactions order maintain ecological health blockchain, transaction sender needs pay certain amount fee the block producer who did confirm the transaction. the transaction fee compensation for the block producer's contribution the chain. the account that initiates the transaction needs specify the fee that willing pay for the transaction, while block producer each specify the minimum transaction fee willing accept. only transactions with fee higher than the minimum fee will dealt with block producer. the block producers give priority process transaction with higher fees. transaction fee too low, the transaction may take long time confirmed. transaction fees are designed encourage more efficient contract code, reduce unnecessary calculations, and prevent system attacks. after all, attackers pay price for the resources they consume. from economic point view, transaction initiators purchase transaction confirmation services from block producers through auction. therefore, can guide the design transaction rates mechanism design economics. the theory mechanism design study designing set rules achieve certain objectives under incomplete information and decentralized decisionmaking. figure illustrates two different cases that block producer deals with. block can hold transactions and the price the trades received the block producer from high low ... ... shown (a), the block producer sets the rate lower than the last transaction i.e. that all transactions are packed into the block and the total transaction fee !!! (b), the block producer sets only lower rate than the first transactions, that only first transactions are packed into the block, and the total transaction fee !!! such setup, the fee that the transaction initiator pays the block producer the same his bid price: his bid the transaction fee that must paid the block producer this approach called "the first-price auction" auction theory. although the first price auction simple and easy understand, it's not incentive compatible i.e. the bids doesn't reflect bidders' true valuation the item. therefore, the final allocation the items not optimal from the social point view. figure transaction rate mechanism design mechanism design theory, incentive compatibility can achieved "the second-price auction". the transaction fee paid the initiator the block producer not his bid but rather the highest bid that lose the auction. figure the second price auction, the final fee all confirmed transactions the price proposed the block producer. introducing the second price auction transaction rate design canonchain, the transaction initiator will bid according their true valuation the transaction. therefore, the distribution transaction canonchain socially optimal. encryption and access control traditional blockchains, all transactions are recorded publicly. any user can identify transaction and parse it. this design ensures the openness and transparency the transactions and greatly helps the financial industry. however, canonchain and foggy network applications, not all the data should public. for privacy, user's data the chain should only belongs himself. anybody need access the data, needs get permission from the user. this one the motivations for change iot from cloud based computing into foggy network. designed new user access control for this purpose. canonchain devices, user's data encrypted and stored with his own key and cannot access others without authorization. user gives other users service provider authorization access his data, the activity stored publicly canon chain and irreversible. data owner grants access his own data canonchain main steps. firstly, data owner sends transaction containing the the data stream (hash the data digest) and register the data canonchain. secondly, the data owner wants share the data authorization others, sends another transaction which includes the the data stream and the public key address who shared. when device gets data request, will first obtain authorization from the requestor's address canonchain. the data owner does not register the authorization canonchain, the request rejected; otherwise, the request accepted. third-party tools canonchain designed handle heterogeneous applications foggy network., especially for high-throughput and low-latency application. achieve this, canonchain also rely party software and development tools. distributed file system ipfs ipfs (inter planetary file system) permanent, decentralized method saving and sharing files. it's distributed protocol for content addressability, version tracking, and point-to-point hypermedia. content addressability: use unique hash value generated from file contents identify the file, instead the location where the file stored. therefore, only one copy exists for files with same contents, which saves storage space. versioning tracking: traceable file modification history peer peer hypermedia: use protocol store wide variety data types ipfs can treated bittorrent farm and accessed through the same git repository. combines the advantages products such distributed hash tables, bittorrent, git, selfcertified file systems, etc. there will distributed files system top canonchain based improving ipfs open source program, adding security, decentralization and anti-loss features. distributed database nosql enable applications canonchain access data using traditional distributed database approaches, canonchain support the interface for distributed database such nosql. canon chain have both the advantages blockchain and distributed database technologies, can support business level scalability with high-speed parallel database read and write, while recording the user behavior the chain maintain the irreversibility the database data. requirement blockchain distributed database high throughput low latency quick inquiry diverse authority distributed control irreversible asset transfer table comparison blockchain database and distributed database lightning network lightning network initially designed for blockchain technology adapt massive micropayment scenarios. building micro channel for both parties, large number payments can instantaneously completed. when the transactions the micro channel need settled, the result submitted the blockchain for confirmation. theory, lightning network solve the scalability issue blockchain network and can support tens thousands transactions per second. bitcoin and ethereum, there are already concept proof implementation lightning network. not only the financial sector, the field fog computation there are also numerous microtrading scenarios. mentioned before, vehicular network application, several adjacent cars need quickly exchange information with each other determine the surrounding environment with very short delay enable functional safety. the meantime, deoses running canonchain also require lightning networks support such fragmented transactions due large amount cross-chain transactions. therefore, caononchain includes lightning network one fundamental components blockchain infrastructure and provides ample flexibility design. third-party developer can use lightning network service canonchain support high-frequency transaction scenarios. developer tools support developers the community, the canonchain development team will supply wealth development tools, including smart contract development ide, block browser, all kinds popular ide plug-ins, debuggers, simulators, smart contract validation tools, mobile sdk, etc. the same time, there will plenty lectures and panel discussions the canonchain promote the developer tools. open source hardware canonchain and foggy network, because its complete openness, data security particularly important. the data security the chain can guaranteed the consensus algorithm, while the data security off the chain must ensured hardware redesign and encryption algorithm. hardware device that can used safely canonchain must include: secure communication; secure electronic wallet storage space; intrusion detection system; and tampering proof. the current hardware products market obviously cannot meet this requirement. for example, smartphone that canonchain team developing, security sandbox appended ordinary smart phone hardware. canonchain user's wallet stored the sandbox. canonchain team has many years communication protocols and chip design, intelligent gateways, smart routers and other hardware development experience. the ecosystem building canonchain, will take advantage our strengths rapidly develop intelligent hardware that supports canonchain protocol and contributes the community. after period testing, open-source the hardware reference design allow third-party developers customize their canonchain hardware. team core team members sichao yang canonchain co-founder and core team member dr. yang got his ph.d department electrical and computer engineering and m.s. department mathematics both from university illinois urbana-champaign. his ph.d. research resource allocation and optimization distributed networks. dr. yang was senior staff engineer qualcomm inc. (nasdaq: qcom), the world's leading wireless communications chip and service provider. was one the key contributors the design and development the generation mobile communications lte chip. also served technical lead qualcomm's research vehicular network and autonomous driving, and holds many invention patents. dr. yang has publications top journals and his work has been cited world renowned scholar worldwide including mit, stanford university, and university cambridge, etc. (google scholar shows the current total number citations over was reviewer for mathematics operations research, ieee transaction networking, games and economics behavior and scientific and other magazines. was adjunct professor rutgers university. hailong jin canonchain co-founder and core team member founder the first third-party payment platform china; member payment industry expert committee chinese e-commerce association; found universal search keyword precise marketing software, which has been installed more than million pcs and with more than million concurrent users. founder sodao.com, the nation's largest beauty network with annual online sales over million yuan. founder wifisong.com, the leader design intelligent hardware including wi-fi router, ibeacon and other edge computing devices. joe thong canonchain co-founder malaysian, mba co-founder popify, twinova, and raytheon capital business partner with samsung, sap and other fortune company zhihao shan canonchain co-founder former legal unit leader network security bureau hangzhou, china china's first internet lawmaker researchers and developer cryptography technology advisory team michael saunders chief mathematician research professor dept management science and engineering (ms&e) stanford university william orchard-hays prize computational mathematical programming, mathematical programming society, first recipient isi highly cited researcher computer science isi highly cited researcher mathematics honorary fellow the royal society new zealand siam linear algebra prize (with s.-c. choi and paige) stanford university invention hall fame (with gill, murray, murtagh, and wright) siam fellow yihao liu chief financial advisor noah holdings (nyse: noah) strategic fund partners, ceo noah fortune hong kong former chief representative the new york stock exchange beijing assistant alibaba (nyse: baba) listed the nyse during his tenure former chief operating officer merrill lynch (nyse: mer, tyo: yuefei pan founder zinc financial former cheetah mobile global content director and sohu technology editor. canonchain roadmap january erc tokens issued, czr listed exchange pop consensus mechanism complete. canonchain code open source and the public chain goes online release world's first blockchain gateway support pop consensus algorithm release canonchain api canonchain community open global developers and fog computation alliance founded launch canonchain smartphone and start pre-sale release foggy network protocol canonchain release first chip for foggy network protocol and make open source low-cost micro-power adapters with foggy network specifications appear, the world fully connected for fog computation canonchain token: czr czr canonchain, all contributions will czr rewarded. meanwhile, all consumption resources need czr payment czr allocated consensus algorithm based device contribution czr measure value transfer. it's also the fundamental asset for other deoses and dapps running canonchain czr allocation plan the total czr ,,,ie. among them: for early investors and private placement founding team, development team community incentives, global promotion, cooperative incentives reserved pop incentive reserve (i.e., "pool" traditional blockchain projects) czr release mode czr first issued ethereum the form erc token, and change the token the main chain after gets online users can get czr private investment, purchase from exchange and personal transfer czr conversion rate during private investment: eth czr czr contract the team czr allocated the founding and development team vested gradually three years after initial release. the rules are follows: vest immediately after release: vest after one year: vest after two years: vest after three years: funds from private investment research and development operation and business promotion ecological development law and risk management other risk disclaimer this whitepaper for the sole purpose conveying information specific audiences who are actively seeking information about the project and does not constitute any future investment guidance, nor any form contract commitment. once participant involves the token distribution plan, means that she understands and accepts the risk the project. he/ she willing take personal responsibility for all the corresponding consequences. the project team has made clear that guarantee for any return, nor assume any direct indirect losses caused the project. the token involved this project encrypted digital code used the trading session and does not represent the project equity, right income control rights. due the uncertainties inherent the digital currency (including but not limited the macro-environment for digital currency regulation various countries, the industry competition and the technical vulnerabilities the digital currency itself), cannot assure that the project will successful and the project will have certain risk failure. the token this project also has the risk zeroing. although the team will work hard solve possible problems that may encountered during the project, there will still policy uncertainties the future. before supporting the project, you must ensure that all aspects the blockchain are understood and make rational participation with adequate understanding the risks.