ecosystem paper the decentralised service place for the world. the decentralised serviceplace for the world tab disclaimer executive summary key components overview competitive ecosystem canyacoin canapps canapps lite canapps canyadao overview funding scalability core infrastructure overview canya style guide canid canwallet canhelp canads cananalytics canpay canchat cancall canescrow dispute resolution asset contract conclusion page canya.com the decentralised serviceplace for the world disclaimer this material provided canya services pty. ltd. ("canya", the "company"), for informational purposes only, and not offer solicitation buy sell any securities other financial instruments. tokens are not intended for speculation and afford the holder rights in, claims to, any the assets canya any way share any profits that canya may achieve. interested parties acknowledge agreeing the privacy policy, and terms and conditions. this document subject change and must accompanied the previously agreed documents, which remains effect regardless decisions participate engage with canya. this paper describes the current vision for the canya platform. while intend attempt realise this vision, please recognise that dependent quite number factors and subject quite number risks. entirely possible that the canya platform will never implemented adopted, that only portion our vision will realised. not guarantee, represent warrant any the statements this paper, because they are based our current beliefs, expectations and assumptions about which there can assurance due various anticipated and unanticipated events that may occur. these events may include further regulations legal advice that require canya obtain relevant licenses and approvals. there are several references throughout this paper features being '... integrated', 'under development' '... planned'. these references are for informational purposes the canya vision only and are not representations warranties the effect that those features are currently integrated will integrated the future. additionally, several references appear throughout this paper certain features being '...subject regulatory approval'. canya will attempt obtain all relevant licenses and approvals and when required, and will only implement such features once such licenses approvals have been obtained. however, canya does not represent, warrant guarantee that such licenses approvals will obtained and that any features described this paper will implemented. please know that plan work hard seeking achieve the vision laid out this paper, but that you cannot rely any coming true. blockchain, cryptocurrencies and other aspects our technology and these markets are their infancy and will subject many challenges, competition, regulation and changing environment. will try update our community things grow and change, but undertake obligation so. interested parties acknowledge that the canya platform, described the canya whitepaper, may never fact operate intended. canyacoin intended solely mechanism for using the services offered through the canya platform. canyacoins are not for speculative investment. promises future performance value are will made with respect canyacoins, including promise inherent value, promise continuing payments, and guarantee that canyacoins will hold any particular value. canyacoins are not participation the company and hold rights said company. all proceeds received the company may spent freely the company absent any conditions. page canya.com the decentralised serviceplace for the world executive summary canya open ecosystem decentralised applications (canapps) for peer peer services, built using core infrastructure and connected and powered single decentralised autonomous organisation the canyadao. each canapp exists the ecosystem for the sole purpose driving value, such that the whole greater than the sum its parts. ultimately envisaged that any third party can apply for funding from the canyadao, build canapp easily and quickly using ready-made core infrastructure, and deploy the canapp globally using the dao on-demand scalable operational and support backend. each canapp will maintain internal budget pay for maintenance and on-going development, and the best canapps will prosper. canapps cover all aspects marketplaces and will initially funded and built the canya team. core infrastructure build the frameworks, templates and contracts and called canyacore, allowing any developer easily create canapp and attach the ecosystem. core infrastructure includes the hedged escrow, payments, identity management and skill attestation. most importantly, the canapp will serviced the canyadao, where not only initial page funding available, but the canapp can access highly-scalable business and support backend. canapps can split areas management, maintenance and governance into micro-tasks, and submit them the canyadao. the canyadao will handle the completion tasks funding them and allowing anyone the dao complete the tasks. the canyadao permissionless (anyone can join), the canyadao incorporates game-theory mechanics and the necessary crypto-economics ensure task completion required standard with adequate prioritisation, well the correct governance and bad-actor management. the canyacoin (can) powers the platform's payment system, enabling decentralised, trustless and hedged escrow service, bridge between fiat and variety cryptocurrencies, and powerful rewards system encourage network effects. the can token also the token that powers the canyadao and provides value incentivise decentralised taskforce support the canapps. ecosystem that self-funded, self-sustaining, and caters for global permissionless user base digital nomads, freelancers and marketplace users. canya.com the decentralised serviceplace for the world key components overview the canya ecosystem has three key components; canapps, canyadao and canyacore, opensource collection key infrastructure needed power the ecosystem. canapps are discrete decentralised applications built using web technologies and target key niches and verticals the global peer peer services industry. examples are canservices for digital service marketplace and cantask for local services. the canyadao forms the scalable and decentralised support, maintenance and governance backend each canapp. finally the canyacore components are used the fundamental building blocks the ecosystem, such the escrow, identity management and support tasking components. the following overview: page canya.com the decentralised serviceplace for the world competitive ecosystem each canapp "seeded" funding the canyadao and has internal budget that pays for development and maintenance through the canyadao micro-tasks. each canapp must have monetisation strategy that attempts fill the internal budget depleted. various monetisation strategies will available. third-party may seed and build canapp, and they are entitled pay themselves from the internal budget. they also may apply for crowdfunding submitting canapp idea, and popular, will achieve crowd support. once funded, the third party will paid through the internal budget. key fundamental that each canapp competitive and has provide on-going value addition the ecosystem, else their internal budgets deplete and they terminate. this way, each canapp incentivised create value and achieve product-market-fit, and they their internal budgets will continue fund support and on-going development. each canapp attempts increase its own budget having its own revenue source. this methodology mimics thriving ecosystems such forests and coral reefs, where the strongest, smartest organisms survive. reducing the time takes deploy canapp (re-useable code), the cost maintaining canapp (micro-tasks from the canyadao), and increasing the number people who can deploy canapp (open-source code and frameworks), envisaged that there will hundreds, not thousands canapps deployed into the ecosystem. most may not survive, but those that will supported and backed the wealth knowledge and experience from the entire ecosystem and will stronger than any equivalent centralised version. canyadao the dao seed-funds the canapp, crowdfunded. canapp revenue from the canapp fills the internal budget page canya.com the decentralised serviceplace for the world canyacoin the canya ecosystem has single currency: the canyacoin. the can token erc- compliant token with the following characteristics. contract address xdfecfcacacfbfcdc decimals supply ticker can name canyacoin the canyacoin has the following distribution, with over public token holders. burnt tokens are sent the [x...dead] address public canya burnt dao operations charity the following the purpose the token: consumptive use token for providers access premium features the ecosystem. token reward users who participate the dao, contributed them when they perform certain activities the dao. medium value exchange allowing providers invoice their services can tokens across canapps. store value, allowing providers retain payments the canya wallet. page canya.com the decentralised serviceplace for the world canapps canapps tools ilt decent ralis tec hnologi es. bui everyon canapps lite canapps lite are lightweight decentralised applications that perform specific task, but have low dependency the ecosystem and can used anyone. they are positioned share the benefits decentralised technologies with the wider community having very low barriers entry. they augment the canya ecosystem demonstrating utility the can token well being funnel for new canya members; "come for the tool, stay for the ecosystem". all canapps are free use, but are monetised either being freemium connecting the canads network. this way they continue increase their own internal budget presenting value and cycling revenue through the ecosystem. some the technologies used canapps lite are web injection, ipfs for storage and ethereum for verification and authentication. where the can token involved, bancor integration provided seamless conversion into the can token from all supported tokens. for engaging interaction, canapps lite may also feature canhelp, chat-bot serving helpful tips well having direct connection with the canyadao for live chat with dao support member. payment for canhelp will come from the internal budget for the canapp. canapp sat dao task caninvoice allows users create, save and share invoices ipfs. ad-space canhelp canads canstation shows user-friendly network metrics. ad-space canhelp canads canshare allows users share large files ipfs. freemium pay-peruse, ad-space. canhelp canads cansign allows users sign and save documents using their identity and ipfs. freemium pay-peruse, ad-space. canhelp canads cantrack allows users track and sign their daily tasks using their identity. ad-space canhelp canads cansend allows users send batch-send tokens addresses (airdrops). freemium pay-peruse, ad-space. canhelp canads page canya.com the decentralised serviceplace for the world canapps canapps are all characterised being two-sided marketplaces that serve different aspects the global peer peer service industry. the first party makes listing, whilst the second party desires engage with the first party the terms the listing. there escrowed value transfer, which allows parties leverage each other achieve their desired outcomes. each canapp requires deep integration with the canyadao splitting maintenance and governance tasks. the canyadao may curate listings, offer the canhelp app for support ticketing well providing dispute resolution services. canapps also require deep integration with the host canyacore infrastructure, such the escrow, fee service and trustless payments. canapps attempt increase their own internal budget cycling revenue through the ecosystem. valuable and effective canapps will grow and developed, whilst canapps that never achieve product-market-fit will terminated. once the core infrastructure built, the cost building and maintaining new canapp substantially low, allowing hundreds, not thousands, canapps built and supported. the following are examples canapps being planned and developed: canapp sat canservices providers list digital services whilst users hire them. transaction fee, freemium listing fees. upwork canhire companies can post job descriptions looking for talent, and anyone can earn honeypot submitting talent. transaction fee, freemium listing fees. recruitment agencies canbounties developers post bounties and the open source community work for them. transaction fee, freemium listing fees. bountysource canjobs users submit local jobs, and providers bid earn them. transaction fee, freemium listing fees. airtasker cansell providers host digital goods ipfs and users purchase them for fixed price. transaction fee, freemium listing fees. shopify candesign designers list their portfolio and users purchase them for fixed price. transaction fee, freemium listing fees. designs canbid sellers auction goods off. digital goods use ipfs deliver, physical goods area posted may use candeliver for local delivery. transaction fee, freemium listing fees. ebay candeliver local delivery goods. drivers indicate their availability courier goods, sellers list parcels that need delivered. transaction fee, freemium listing fees. delivery services canexperts experts list their skills, users pay per hour. transaction fee, freemium listing fees. teachable page canya.com the decentralised serviceplace for the world canapp sat canstay hosts list their homes, and users pay guests. transaction fee, freemium listing fees. airbnb candrive drivers list their driving services, users pay them demand. transaction fee, freemium listing fees. uber cansit babysitters list their services, parents hire them. transaction fee, freemium listing fees. sitter canfly drones list their services and users pay fly ondemand. transaction fee, freemium listing fees. droners cansomething marketplace description here. monetisation strategy here. existing marketplace about disrupted. the following are details actively developed canapps. canservices has been launched alpha and platform for digital service providers show their skills and hired. features include: uport log-in find, hire and book providers globally pay can token message providers chat bot integration changelly integration canhire being developed and platform for companies list new hiring positions and for anyone submit candidates. canhire uses novel incentivisation strategy ensure recruiters are incentivised find the best candidates. canhire will use smart contracts the escrow payment and will disrupt traditional recruitment agencies. canjobs being developed and local jobs platform like airtasker. users submit job posts and funds are held escrow. anyone can complete jobs and receive the payments and reviews. cansell platform for users easily sell their digital goods online, such images, photos, music files videos. other goods include files, documents and code repositories. anonymous buyers are delivered the digital goods instantly once paid. canbid platform for users list their items and for other buyers bid the item placing into escrow their funds. the escrow will refund other buyers and will close the auction and deliver the goods autonomously. page canya.com the decentralised serviceplace for the world canyadao overview the canyadao the most crucial part the ecosystem, serving treasury, maintenance body and governance board. the canyadao will allow all canapps scalable from business logic and support backend, allowing any canapp developer connect global, support their canapp. this removes the burden funding marketing, operations, and support teams, letting the developer instead focus building great user experience for their canapp. the canyadao has three tiers: agent, admin and core. agents can anyone who stake the minimum can tokens required for dao entry and perform basic tasks the dao. admins govern agents, and perform higher level tasks the dao with wider consequences. such, they require higher stake, longer dao experience and threshold reputation earned the dao. this ensures that all admins have socially proved their alignment and commitment the ecosystem. core the final tier and initially fulfilled the canya team. the canyadao matures, admins may request join the core tier staking much higher amount. this allows the canya team transition point where the canyadao governed and operated dao members and achieves decentralisation. anyone any time can leave the dao and reclaim their stake. the stake held prevent rogue actors inside the dao and incentivise long term alignment. agents and admins earn off tasks the dao, with the payouts for admin tasks lot higher than agent tasks. sta roles agent can anyone basic tasks, support tickets, recommendation listings. admin can agents with days dao experience and good reputation. approvals, curation, arbitration. core can admins with days dao experience and excellent reputation. funding approvals and changes the canyadao and canyacore. page canya.com the decentralised serviceplace for the world the following number tasks that are facilitated the dao. each task has tier-level, well the correct incentivisation mechanics. tasks can even prioritised increasing the payout behind the task, such support tickets that haven't been answered. each task has the correct quality assurance and crypto-economics ensure that quality high, bad actors are penalised and contains in-built randomness remove biases. atu tier sat ual canhelp agent incoming support queries from canapps. agents are paid answer each query, payments increase with good feedback. support agents pass mandatory canapp training, with ticket-based feedback. rogue agents are demoted. canads agent admin incoming copy curated agents and approved admins. agents are paid curate ads. admins are paid approve. each uses randomised voting and approval with consensus. canid agent admin incoming skill attestation users. agents are paid vote skill attestation. admins are paid approve. each skill uses randomised voting and approval with consensus. curation agent admin listings are submitted for curation and approval. agents are paid vote listings. admins are paid approve. each skill uses randomised voting and approval with consensus. arbitration admin admins are paid investigate and handle disputes. admins are paid resolution dispute. each listing requires randomised consensus votes). agent approval admin new agents request entry the dao. admins are paid flat fee approve. each approval requires randomised consensus votes). seed funding core core approve new funding request for canapp. consensus. admin approval core agents request upgrade admin. consensus. canyacore development core core approves new versions core software. consensus. dao parameters admin dao parameters are changed. core consensus. page canya.com the decentralised serviceplace for the world funding each canapp has clear and transparent funding mechanics incentivise sustainable growth. seed funding. list proposed canapp ideas shown. each canapp has funding goal met, decided upon the dao. anyone can donate escrow fund the canapp, including the dao itself. anyone can nominate build the canapp, including the dao. once the canapp funded and has nominated developer, the escrowed can released milestones. feature bounties. list proposed features also shown each canapp. each feature has funding goal, decided upon the dao. anyone can donate feature bounty prioritise development. the code open-source anyone can work feature bounties and submit them earn the bounty. ongoing revenue. all canapps will extremely cost-effective maintain, with very low server costs, third-party licensing required and instant access global operational and support backend from the dao. after seed-funding exhausted, each canapp will need drive revenue back their internal budget pay for feature bounties and for canyadao engagement. the more revenue driven back, the more feature bounties can funded, further driving growth. scalability launching and scaling existing marketplace app has four key problems preventing scalability. canya can solve all these simultaneously with the components listed above. technology. with the existing technology scaling app globally trivial with services such load-balancers, firebase hosting and cdns. canya's challenge build scalable dapp technology, but will use off-chain until on-chain can match performance. marketing. attaining widespread adoption requires viral marketing efforts grow initial userbase adoption. canapps can exploit referral based marketing paid for from the dao can tokens economically incentivise adoption without requiring funding. operational support. all marketplace apps require operational support helping user onboarding, support tickets, curation and dispute resolution. normally operational staff need hired, on-boarded and trained handle the operations each marketplace. this the biggest hamstring fast global growth. canya counters this with the canyadao global, multilingual and on-demand operational and support backend any canapp. marrying cryptoeconomics with permissionless ecosystem the burden maintaining providing operational support becomes trivial. ongoing development. traditional apps require full-time developers maintain and implement feature roadmap. often they ship features that aren't needed, and due salaried contracted engagement, rarely have aligned incentive structures with the performance the features they ship. canya will away with this being open-source and having novel perapp funding mechanism with feature bounties, assigning funds where growth sustainable. page canya.com the decentralised serviceplace for the world core infrastructure overview canyacore set infrastructure that built the canya team used across all canapps. once canyacore built and matured, developing new canapp will become trivial. developers will simply integrate their desired components, adopt the canya style guide and templates, connect their canapp the canyadao and launch. all canyacore components will open-sourced and continually developed. canya has on-going relationships with other projects contribute actively the core infrastructure. third-party infrastructure may come with small tax pay for the use infrastructure, such decentralised databases compute. this case canya will seamlessly handle the payment fees converting from can the third-party token using trustless continuous liquidity such bancor. some the core components are also serviced the canyadao for curation and crowd-sourced verification. these cases, the fees from these services are paid for the canapp's internal budget. all other core infrastructure free and has fees. canyacor dao task canyastyle set style templates for web and mobile apps, including all assets. web. canid identity and skill attestation management service. ethereum, ipfs, web. crowd-verified skill attestation. canwallet wallet and integrated exchange with linked debit card. canhelp live-chat and support help-desk any canapp. ethereum, ipfs, web. live-chat, support tickets. canads network allowing purchase adspace relevant canapps. ethereum, ipfs, web. curation copy. cananalytics anonymous web- analytics software for canapps optimised. ethereum, ipfs, web. canpay seamless experience paying fiat and number supported crypto-currencies. licenced fiat partners, bancor, kyber. canfees simple freemium listing fee management suite. ethereum, ipfs, web. canescrow the hedged escrow contract that facilitates peer peer trustless payments, with daosourced dispute resolution. ethereum, ipfs, web. dispute resolution canchat instant messaging framework for canapps, with integrated privacy and reveal features. ethereum, ipfs, web. cancall video and voice calling framework for canapps. ethereum, ipfs, web. canlicence third-party oracle for approving licences. ethereum, ipfs, web. canfund tracks and monitors donations and feature bounties for each canapp ethereum, ipfs, web. disbursements page canya.com the decentralised serviceplace for the world canya style guide the canya style guide set web and mobile based templates and assets that conform the current canya ecosystem style and identity and allow developers quickly add the necessary style components canapps. this allows them rapidly prototype and build new canapps high user interface design standard set core. components: fonts colours gradients button form styles cards, headers, footers layout and sizing canid canwallet canid integrated wallet, identity and skill management services powered decentralised technologies. user provisions new wallet, verifies their details and perform optional onetime kyc. kyc performed through licensed third party, who will the oracle update the profile "kyc'd". reaching kyc'd verification necessary for high value-transactions. users can also choose submit skills which are crowd-verified from the dao and saved their profile. this case they submit claim they make about skill well some form proof: javascript developer" proof being javascript developer public speaker" proof being public speaker gardener" proof being gardener random responses median random dao members are then incentivised make judgements the claim and proof. upper and lower schelling fences are trimmed off (to remove outliers) and the median rewarded. the final verification the skill the average the median. this ensures that the skill crowd-verified and cannot influenced. removing and not rewarding any vote outside the median donkey-voters are not rewarded, and waste their own time. page canya.com the decentralised serviceplace for the world the wallet integrates bancor and kyber asset exchange allow users trustlessly maintain their assets. linked debit card through licensed third party provider allows the user access their cryptocurrency assets for daily consumption. atu verification the user verifies email and phone. details are encrypted and stored ipfs. ethereum, ipfs. identity the user submits one-time kyc and identity check. third-party kyc provider. skills/qualifications users submit skill attestation, which includes skill title, proof and expiry. canyadao curation and approval. ipfs. licences users submit licence attestation, which includes licence, proof and expiry. canlicence oracle approval. wallet hierarchical deterministic wallet. bip- standard. cancard debit card linked the wallet. licenced third-party debit card provider. canexchange integration bancor and kyber allow in-wallet exchange assets. bancor, kyber. requires licensed third party integration page canya.com the decentralised serviceplace for the world canhelp canhelp special service that incorporates chat-bot utility well support from the canyadao for live chat and support ticketing. users simply see crisp intercom style chat bubble the button right each canapp, which connects them with canhelp. chat-bot serves typical questions, pre-loaded with content created the canapp developer, and maintained the canhelp. the chat-bot cannot answer questions, skipped, the user connected directly dao agent who can chat and offer support. the conclusion the interaction, the user can rate the dao agent, which contributes their reputation score. queries that cannot immediately answered are ticketed and tagged for follow-up agents. other agents can see historical questions quickly offer relevant advice. the user identified simply their wallet address other anonymous tags, such session id. the user provides email, follow-up advice can provided through email contact, sent from the dao the dao agent. the canapp developer creates small on-boarding training sessions that dao agents are specifically trained serve help for that canapp. the dao maintains permissions for qualified dao agents, but ultimately anyone can participate. incoming tickets arrive for canapp, they are priced and shown agents. any tickets are left unattended, the pricing behind them increase, incentivising more agents respond. canapp serving lot support tickets, then the relative reward behind them will increase, incentivising more agents on-board that canapp. canhelp presents scalable on-demand help and customer support for each canapp. each canapp will pay for help from its own internal budget. this way, growth each canapp always sustainable. canapp canapp requires ondemand customer support. the canapp pays for on-demand help. canapp canapp canhe canhelp canhelp shows incoming support tickets. agents are free respond any ticket they want, any canapp they are trained for. canyadao page the dao governs the permissions canhelp agents, well payouts. canya.com the decentralised serviceplace for the world canads canads simple monetisation strategy for canapps lite; which may not have other forms revenue, but have provide value the ecosystem. each canapp nominates banner space, and canads dashboard allows third-parties purchase space. space priced depending existing demand and transparent traffic metrics. publishers pre-pay the space and submit copy the canyadao for approval. once approved, the payment deducted and shown for the duration the time purchased. copy subsequently rejected the canyadao (ads are reported for misuse, objectionable scam content) then they are removed and the space made available again. payment made canpay. ads are shown canapps canapp ads can also shown third party websites. canapp third party canhe canads buyers purchase space. they submit their copy canads, which curated the dao. once approved, ads are shown any canapp that integrates canads. the dao curates and approves copy. canyadao canads can also shown third party websites. this case, revenue paid out with being retained and sent the asset contract. this far higher share than any other competing platform. cananalytics cananalytics simple and anonymous analytics suite for canapps developers transparently show traffic, user behaviour and usage allow optimisation. cananalytics also employed canads allow fair pricing space. page canya.com the decentralised serviceplace for the world canpay canpay seamless payment module that allows users pay any token, crypto fiat currency they want. the underlying exchange performed shapeshift, bancor and kyber integration. fiat conversions are handled coinbase, changelly bancor. the incoming currency converted can and sent the canescrow. canchat cancall canchat and cancall are peer-peer messaging and video/voice calling frameworks that work inside the canya ecosystem allow seamless communications between users. canchat and cancall are both securely end-end encrypted, however have the additional feature that encryption keys are shared with authorised agents from the dao review communications the case dispute. this case, users are adequately informed and have opt-in share. the dao agent can review comms between parties order come fair decision the dispute. page canya.com the decentralised serviceplace for the world canescrow canescrow smart contract that holds secured cryptocurrency for the intended recipient. incoming currency first converted can, before being held escrow. the escrow coupled with hedge, that seeks maintain the value the escrow, regardless the price the token. the hedge bancor array token that connects with basket ethereum stablecoins, such the digix gold token and the dai usd token. this will create internal pool order provide collateral hedge the amount cryptocurrency sent the smart contract. bancor technology will provide the price oracle for the can token. the outcome that the value the invoice stable, despite fluctuations price. intended recipients will paid fixed value, but not fixed amount can tokens. situat ion tco escrowed value stable escrowed value increases can sold into hedge escrowed can reduces. escrowed value decreases hedge sold into can escrowed can increases. the hedge funded proportion the canya team's crypto assets, dao revenue funding and external grants from foundations. example the process: the hedge contract funded canya, the dao and related foundations with nominal $,. client books provider for and sends crypto the escrow contract. the escrow already has other escrowed payments, bringing total escrowed value. the provider completes the job and sends the invoice. the client releases the payment. the escrow honours the payment sending adjusted amount can tokens, guided the bancor price oracle. the following will happen transaction basis: the value can token has reduced this case, the hedge value whilst the escrow value now with realised deficit escrow was used make the loss the invoice). the hedge automatically market buys into the escrow contract using bancor relay token. this has two consequences: the realised deficit covered. market buy causes stabilising price movement prevent further volatility. page canya.com the decentralised serviceplace for the world the value can token has increased this case, the hedge value whilst the escrow value now with realised gain the over-valued invoice left spare the escrow). the escrow retains the spare can cover future over-exposed invoices. real world assessment the following basic assessment how the canescrow would work using historical data shows that due different invoice maturity dates, growing escrow and small amount upside pressure results the hedge never being used. course large black swan event may require the hedge cover exposure, but importantly the hedge only covering invoices that mature with deficit and only the deficit. inv inv inv inv inv inv inv inv inv inv inv inv inv inv inv random date period canyacoin was chosen, and random invoices were placed. page canya.com the decentralised serviceplace for the world these invoices have the following real-world outcomes: nvoice dat val row apr apr apr apr apr apr apr apr apr apr apr may apr apr apr apr (.) apr apr (.) apr apr apr apr apr may (.) may may (.) may may may may (.) the value the escrow, well the buffer shown, showing that despite can fluctuating over the time period, invoices were ever paid out below the contracted price. $,. $,. $,. $,. apr apr apr buffer page apr apr apr may may escrow canya.com the decentralised serviceplace for the world dispute resolution the canescrow holds the payment but allows both parties take recourse against each other and encourages them negotiate. the user seeks achieve value-satisfaction, whilst the provider seeks earn value. the event the negotiations between parties fruitless, either party can request arbitration from canyadao. when both parties agree arbitration, the encryption keys private peer-peer canchat are shared and all job logs are opened view the arbitrator. this allows the arbitrator seek clarity the job and determine outcome. page canya.com the decentralised serviceplace for the world asset contract all forms canya revenue will collected and sent asset contract. the asset contract will accumulate the crypto and split them accordance with the publicly-viewable proportions the smart contract. will sent the canapp that they originated from, will sent the canyadao, will burnt, and will sent the charity pool. the asset contract sends amount tokens the rewards pool, which unlocked and recycled back the users rewards, and increases the circulating supply and liquidity the market. consequently, the token value would decrease nothing else was done due inflation. offset the increase supply, equivalent amount tokens needs burnt, which why the asset contract contains burn function. please note, canya entity does not perform any action burn tokens; rather users the platform cause the tokens burnt way the asset contract. the burning tokens dependent user-behaviour order maintain the integrity the canyacoins. charity pool canya organisation believe the pay-it-forward concept, and such, will maintaining pool tokens gifted selected charities, drawn payout from the asset contract. page canya.com the decentralised serviceplace for the world conclusion canya open ecosystem with canapps (decentralised apps build canya technology), the canyadao (an organisation that powers the canya ecosystem) and canyacore, set infrastructure help any developer build canapp quickly and easily. each canapp functions discrete organism the ecosystem, with its own budget and revenue streams. the best canapps are supported, developed and grow sustainably fast. the end result rapidly growing decentralised and autonomous ecosystem for peer peer services. page canya.com