capdax exchange whitepaper version table contents important notice volume projections and valuation executive summary token functionality token generation crowdsale business plan monetization capdax revenue model user acquisition marketing plan roadmap timeline potential risks risk management problems facing current cryptocurrency exchanges the solution: capdax exchange user experience social trading customer service fork/airdrop policy platform whitepaper conclude: why capdax over other exchanges? important notice this document and information contained herein may not sent and addressed wholly part, directly indirectly, any person the united states, new zealand the people's republic china, any other jurisdiction which would impermissible restricted offer, distribute, purchase, sell retain cryptographic tokens. please read all parts this notice carefully. this whitepaper read conjunction with the terms and conditions (t&c's). copy the t&c's may found https://capdax.com/terms-and-conditions all definitions contained this notice shall bear the same meaning provided the whitepaper unless stated otherwise. the capdax token not intended constitute: securities any jurisdiction; ii. currency any kind; iii. stocks, shares debentures; iv. units collective investment scheme business trust; equity investment fund any regulation legislation applicable securities any above will not applicable this whitepaper and the capdax's token generation event ("tge"). this whitepaper does not constitute prospectus offer document, nor offer securities attempted solicitation for investment securities any jurisdiction. this whitepaper and the capdax's tge have not been approved any regulatory body any jurisdiction. should not assumed that the whitepaper, and the capdax's tge complies with any laws, regulation legislation any jurisdiction. the purchase the capdax token and participation the capdax's tge inherently risky. warranty, guarantee undertaking made capdax and the distributors the capdax token regarding: the performance the capdax token; ii. the performance the assets underlying the capdax business the capdax token purchase; whitepaper executive summary the buzz around cryptocurrencies booming and accelerating more quickly than ever, with more major media outlets covering new developments every day. with daily exposure nearly every major newspaper and television station, clear that cryptocurrency fast becoming mainstream. not only the discussion growing larger, but the market capitalization and trading volumes are sky-rocketing exponential rate. january roughly year ago, the market capitalization all cryptocurrencies was recorded us$ billion, with -hour global trading volumes peaking us$ million. december the market cap reached us$ billion and -hour trading volume us$ billion, increase market cap and over increase trading volume only one year! put these numbers into perspective, this the equivalent whatsapp (worth us$ billion) growing its market capitalization the size tech powerhouse apple (worth over us$ billion). the current rate growth, the cryptocurrency market could overtake the market capitalization every company listed the dow jones april although this boom creates amazing opportunity for traders and startup projects, also uncovers challenges the cryptocurrency exchange infrastructure that supports them. frequent outages and trading delays are being seen exchanges unprepared deal with swarms new users, sometimes reaching over per day. trading platforms are also under constant attack from hackers, experience stolen funds, and lack policy transparency, eroding the trust their users. just july over us$ million worth stolen cryptocurrency was reported, and can assumed that that number does not include unreported thefts that may occurring daily. based statistics from coinmarketcap.com https://cointelegraph.com/news/binance-bitfinex-bittrex-temporarily-say-no-to-new-users https://www.benzinga.com/fintech////-biggest-cryptocurrency-hacks-in-history whitepaper executive summary additionally, many large cryptocurrency exchanges fail service both the expert trader well the crypto novice, those who are just getting into the market. simplified retail exchanges exist, but offer poor rates their customers, and little educate their users. full-featured exchanges are too confusing for beginner use. the problems facing current cryptocurrency exchanges all-time high. capdax recognizing these issues and positioned address them head-on. offering users choice between advanced and basic trading modes, users all skill levels are served with optimal experience. superb customer service, clear policies, and fully audited security standards create the necessary user trust, and innovative copy-trading feature allows traders seamlessly follow the portfolios others automatically. problems facing current cryptocurrency exchanges user friendliness newcomers the cryptocurrency world face the most significant challenge soon they sign exchange. the interfaces are difficult use, and there little help for getting started. challenging get newcomers operate the platform they can't figure out how use exchange, and fixing this problem would great deal helping user adoption for cryptocurrency general. whitepaper problems facing current cryptocurrency exchanges customer service far the biggest complaint users currently have with existing cryptocurrency exchanges poor customer support. the issues are many and include long withdrawal times, login issues, unanswered support tickets, and nonexistent documentation. horror stories abound with funds locked for months due something simple factor authentication reset with nobody there help. when dealing with such large amounts funds, users need professional customer support experience. security some the largest exchanges currently operation have history marked with security breaches and stolen funds. the largest, course, was the infamous mtgox hack, but many other exchanges have been compromised, having user data and funds stolen. some eventually repaid the affected users, and some quietly closed shop. such amateur levels security are unacceptable when dealing with user funds and personal data. website speed extreme trade volume, massive influx new users, inadequate infrastructure, and poorly coded frameworks have been driving poor user experiences. many exchanges started small, some hobbies, never expecting the popularity they are faced with today, and therefore were not designed scale meet demand. redesigning while operating lengthy, heavily involved process and poses significant downtime risks. rebuilding these platforms from scratch may their only option, but may never happen. whitepaper problems facing current cryptocurrency exchanges downtime even worse than just slowly operating exchange, downtime can cause significant financial loss users unable place modify trades, especially during times high market volatility. the inability access exchange holding user funds destroys trust not only the exchange, but cryptocurrency whole. with huge wallet balances stake, uptime must comparable the standards set traditional global financial systems. unclear policies with the recent bitcoin hardforks, there has been much talk about cryptocurrency exchange policy regard handling forks and airdrops. nearly every case, current exchanges not take any position prior the fork airdrop their policy crediting listing the new tokens. one recently even changed its policy after the fact, costing some users hundreds thousands dollars. this simply unacceptable practice, and such decisions should made crystal clear before the event users can act accordingly and with confidence. whitepaper the solution: capdax exchange capdax exchange addresses these primary concerns the current landscape improving usability, scalability, and reliability while providing innovative and stable environment for new traders, and sophisticated and trustworthy experience for expert traders. user experience experienced cryptocurrency traders, the founders capdax exchange have noticed quite few problems with the user experience existing exchanges. with these mind, the exchange has been designed from the ground offer flawless user experience for both inexperienced and experienced traders. two modes use are available: basic mode, and expert mode. basic mode smooth user experience for newcomers the cryptocurrency world something lacking current exchanges. the market page cluttered with order books, graphs, lots scrolling numbers, and complex order form. for experienced trader who knows what all the numbers mean, this fine, but for inexperienced trader, someone just starting out, might cause them quit frustration. whitepaper user experience basic mode provides simple user experience for novice traders need easy-to-use interface. simple order types and detailed tutorials how deposit funds and trade currencies are available. capdax removes the barrier entry that created through complicated order types and difficult use interfaces. instead, buying and selling are one-click experience similar how e-commerce offerings work. this opens the market more users, well educates wider audience. expert mode expert mode offers the full breadth functionality needed professional traders. detailed graphs allow the user see historical market data great detail. live trades and ticker data are streamed and updated real time. advanced order form allows for trading with advanced order types, giving expert traders the control they need. while every notable exchange offers the same basic features such historical charts, live-updating order books, market depths, and live trade feed, most have some flaws that make the experience far from optimal. surveying experienced traders, and consulting with user experience experts, capdax exchange has designed optimized flow that allows traders log in, see the information they need quickly, instantly access markets they are interested in, and make trades. further, ongoing user experience analytics are monitored make ongoing improvements. whitepaper user experience custom markets overview upon logging into the exchange, rather than being left alone with random market page, users are sent overview page showing "at glance" information pertaining their account. graphs detailing the value their current holdings, and customizable list markets are available here. clicking any market the list brings them the market page for that currency. addition having favorited currency prices listed the overview page, feed containing important news items about the favorited coins also shown. this allows users stay date what's happening with the currencies they care about and make well informed trading decisions. not everyone has time follow social media for every currency they hold know they need buy sell. capdax markets overview page puts all that information one place, saving time and helping users make better, more informed trades. market research page one basic feature most current exchanges lack the ability market research from within the exchange itself. capdax consolidates relevant information about each listed cryptocurrency market research page, easily accessible from the market page. here users can find detailed summary the currency, links social media profiles, whitepapers, community forums, well live updating feed recent news. whitepaper social trading capdax also introducing social trading, which exciting new feature allowing users follow more experienced investors copying their portfolio and mirroring all future adjustments. this allows inexperienced traders, those without enough time, invest their money the trades someone with more experience. this has huge benefits for both the leader and the followers: for the leader the majority leaders likely start out necessity with small following friends and family. time constraints make unrealistic assist everyone individual basis when sharing recommended trades and portfolio adjustments. now leaders can help friends and family invest cryptocurrency without contacting them directly for every trade. instead, these followers can simply allocate funds under the guidance the leader, and they longer need managed individually. this saves time for everyone involved. over time, the leader performs well, they naturally grow following and generate extra income the process. the most obvious benefit becoming successful leader the capdax social trading program the ability collect xcd tokens from one's followers. successful leaders naturally build name for themselves the cryptocurrency investing world. linking social media accounts, the leaders can naturally grow their influence showing real trading results, which helps build even larger social trading following. whitepaper social trading while not primary benefit the social trading program, leaders with large following and reputation use the weight their followers' funds move the price favor their supported currencies. now you can become market mover with legitimate profile and following. for the follower for followers, the process simple. after depositing funds capdax, simply select leader, choose the amount funds allocate, and click "follow". the allocated funds are then used buy the portfolio currently held the leader match his/her holdings. any future trades made the leader are then matched the current market rate. using capdax social trading allows followers trust someone with more experience available time manage their trades. with many tokens available for trading and many new ones being created and released every day, most people not have the time research and evaluate them all. asking more experienced trader for advice always option, but getting one-on-one help time consuming for both parties. instead, use capdax social trading follow someone more experienced from the public listings, even trusted friend family member. whitepaper customer service customer service current cryptocurrency exchanges becoming primary concern exponential growth leads ever larger backlog issues. user trust eroded when there reasonable expectation that support ticket will resolved timely manner, especially for time sensitive issues such fund withdrawals and inaccessible accounts. user funds are often locked for months without any answer from customer service. emergency, timely access funds essential, and these issues must handled expeditiously possible. capdax exchange, one the top priorities pleasant user experience, and the largest user experience improvement made current cryptocurrency exchanges customer support. customer support ticket system essential, course, but useless without adequate staffing and training. capdax customer support overstaffed and easily scalable. the number users grows, does the customer support team, seamlessly. these are the customer service areas that are most important: easy-to-use ticketing system fully-staffed and well-trained support team fast resolution for login/account issues fast processing withdrawals capdax sets the standard for quality responsive customer service. whitepaper fork/airdrop policy recently there have been some substantial issues with current exchanges regards blockchain hard-forks and airdrops. both situations, holders token are distributed new balance different token based their current token holding. for example, the time the bitcoin cash hard-fork, users holding the private keys for any bitcoin balance now had access equal amount bitcoin cash. your tokens are being held exchange, the exchange itself holds the private keys for that balance, and they must decide what with the new funds. the vast majority exchanges and services holding user bitcoin funds did not communicate their intentions all before the fork. the only way users could certain they would get the bitcoin cash tokens was withdraw their bitcoin wallet they held the private keys for. the few exchanges that did communicate their intentions before the fork, most stated that they would not distributing the new tokens. this lack clarity has led much confusion and even lawsuits against one the largest exchanges. the other hand, many new tokens are incorporating fork airdrop distribution into their business plan, hoping that users attempting get "free money" will drum support and force major exchanges give them free press and volume. this unfair exchanges that now need worry about being sued they don't distribute tokens refuse comment them all. whitepaper fork/airdrop policy capdax exchange can't possibly support every potential split and airdrop, there are many them, and some are insignificant that they should considered spam. the fork airdrop significant, the policy capdax exchange release blog post detailing with clarity the level support for the new token. this will done with adequate advance notice allow users act accordingly. will the new tokens distributed users? what timeframe? will the new token tradable capdax? immediately? these questions are all answered avoid confusion and allow the users the opportunity make the best possible decisions with their holdings. platform technology capdax exchange built modern technology stack using best practices from high-performance web application development and experienced developers from the financial sector. all trades and withdrawals are atomically safe transactions, and the system runs full suite unit tests and self-health checks once every hour. every api function load tested for speed and reliability, and the platform deployed with proven auto-scaling technologies. the unit test suite comprised over individual spot-checks that ensure all api calls behave sane and predictable manner. robust staging environment has been deployed with thousands bots continually placing hundreds orders per second (which more order-book activity than seen live exchanges time writing), matching and executing million trade actions daily; every night midnight, all the bots stop trading and account for their funds, and management routine verifies every single transaction and account balance across the entirety the system. whitepaper platform trade and account balances are stored primary database which replicates real-time secondary failover databases discrete power and networking grids nearby data centers. the live database states are then encrypted and backed every minutes five additional data center locations around the globe. once per day, the latest full copy downloaded military-grade tape media rated survive nuclear-grade electromagnetic pulse. database outages three the four primary availability zones can recover seconds, but have been seen have service disruption cases. all web services run redundantly, and the event total datacenter failure, have been tested fully recover secondary and tertiary sites less than minutes outage (the median catastrophic web service outage recovery time minutes and seconds). all dns and static asset hosting are propagated through network over global points presence, all api calls terminate load balancers strategically placed around the world, and all api calls are both ssl encrypted and cryptographically signed ensure tamper-proof connections. security any online service responsible for handling user funds has the responsibility secure possible. the past several years, security breaches have been widespread, causing losses user funds from exchanges and cryptocurrency related services the millions. while system can ever considered secure (especially one connected the internet), capdax exchange has been engineered from the ground with security mind. whitepaper platform standards compliance capdax exchange aims fully iso (and information security standards compliant launch. iso the standard for information security management; part the iso family standards which helps organizations keep information assets secure. adopted thousands organizations across the world, its implementation puts place systematic approach managing sensitive organizational information, ensuring remains both secure and available. broad standard which covers process, personnel, and physical and technical security. iso specifies the requirements for establishing, implementing, maintaining and continually improving information security management system (isms). there are many clear business benefits adopting iso either best practice formally certifying against it. key benefits this compliance are the improvement security that provides independent view the state the security the infrastructure, and finally increases confidence customers that their information stored and handled secure environment. https://www.itgovernance.co.uk/iso-family whitepaper platform independent audits prior launch, and periodic requirement, capdax exchange must fully audited independent security firm. this not only part the iso compliance but part additional security layer for capdax users. cold storage funds considering that such large balances cryptocurrencies are being stored major exchanges, important have strong 'deep cold storage' system keep user funds secure. such system, only funds that are needed immediately process withdrawals are made available the exchange systems. this balance called 'hot wallet' and kept modest but adequate level all times withdrawals and deposits are processed. the remaining funds are locked 'cold storage' wallets. cold storage wallets have private keys that are generated offline with strong security policy place prevent anyone other than authorized personnel from accessing the funds. balance sanity checks periodically, capdax exchange does scan its balances and compares them user wallets make sure there are discrepancies. the unlikely event attacker were gain access the system's 'hot wallet' and maliciously withdraw user funds, the numbers would not match, and failsafe processes are activated prevent further loss funds. whitepaper platform two-factor authentication two-factor authentication (fa) requirement for any user wishing withdraw funds from capdax exchange. without proper fa, logging into account with stolen credentials and withdrawing funds simply too easy. setting with services like google authenticator may bit advanced for the most basic user, and with this mind, there simple tutorial the basic mode version capdax exchange. volume projections and valuation over the past few months (at the time this writing), the total global cryptocurrency trading volume ranged from us$ billion us$ billion per day. these figures are based public cryptocurrency exchange volume data, and such may actually much higher off-market trades and non-public exchange volume data were included. capdax exchange trading fees are (maker and taker) per trade. with the planned discounted trading tiers for large volume traders and token holders, the estimated average trading fee for each trade should least .%. based statistics from coinmarketcap.com whitepaper volume projections and valuation based these numbers, can estimated: us$ billion us$. million generated globally each day fees these are conservative estimates, exchange fees vary and are general higher than most exchanges. give real-world example, bitfinex cryptocurrency exchange alone had trading fees amount average least us$ million per day around the time this writing. this only fees from the exchange market itself, and does not include fees generated from margin lending, the figures for which are not available the public. capdax exchange's conservative goal take the current market share, resulting daily fees of: us$. million us$, per day using four year multiplier, this leads overall revenue valuation of: us$, per day days years ~us$. billion however, order bring maximum benefit token holders, team capdax exchange has set the crowdsale goal (hard cap) for total funds raised between us$- million. the actual amount fixed the time the pre-sale closing date, prior the crowdsale launch based the fluctuating price eth. based statistics from coinmarketcap.com whitepaper volume projections and valuation this crowdsale goal particularly conservative because: not unlikely that capdax exchange will able secure larger market share than the overall global trading volume has been increasing rapidly with signs slowing, meaning market share will likely represent significantly greater share the fees than does today token functionality and loyalty program capdax token (xcd) fully audited ethereum based erc utility token that used for exchange fees the capdax exchange. erc token, capdax token can traded capdax exchange well any cryptocurrency exchange supporting erc based tokens. when user makes trade capdax exchange, the transaction fee must paid using capdax token. the number tokens required calculated based the current exchange rate for capdax token the exchange. when user executes trade but does not have capdax token their exchange wallet, the user has not opted use their balance capdax token for exchange fees, the exchange fee taken from the base currency the trade, and market order automatically executed purchase capdax token for the trade. this method not only makes for seamless user experience pertains the utility token, but ensure active market for capdax token with constant demand. this automatically purchased token the distributed capdax token holders. whitepaper token functionality order encourage users hold capdax tokens their capdax token wallets, any users who choose hold capdax tokens their capdax exchange wallet shall granted gifts the form free capdax tokens part the capdax exchange's loyalty program. such gifts shall regularly distributed from transaction fees collected the capdax exchange and shall granted users only when and for only long existing capdax tokens are held user's capdax exchange wallet. the operators the capdax exchange may offer proportionately larger amount free capdax tokens users who hold larger amount existing capdax tokens their capdax exchange wallet. the operators the capdax exchange reserve the right suspend, discontinue, alter the terms the loyalty program any time. token generation crowdsale capdax tokens (xcd) will generated represent the total order execution fees collected capdax exchange. total all tokens will sold the public, will held foundation for future growth, will paid the capdax team, and will paid capdax ambassador program, advisor, and partnership programs. the maximum contribution amount for the public crowdsale tokens will eth. this number subject change prior the public crowdsale, but the eth amount will locked before starts reflect total (public and private) crowdsale fundraising cap between us$-$ million. whitepaper token generation crowdsale seed funding (early early capdax raised early seed funding from private participants representing roughly the crowdsale hard cap. presale for strategic participants (january starting january, there will private pre-sale for strategic participants which will capped maximum us$. million public crowdsale (february the public crowdsale, starting february, will consist tiers and capped maximum us$. million. this sale will last longer than weeks. when one tier has sold out, the following tier will immediately activated, until all tokens are sold. the tiers are follows: tier eth bonus) tier eth bonus) tier eth bonus) tier eth bonus) tier eth bonus) whitepaper token generation crowdsale prior the public crowdsale, participants must sign for the waiting list and complete simple kyc questionnaire. once approved and the number participants has been assessed, maximum contribution amount will assigned each user ensure that everyone who wishes participate the first day has opportunity so. after period hours the hard cap has not been filled, pre-approved users will given the opportunity buy the remaining tokens. unsold tokens will burned. token distribution following the conclusion the public crowdsale, participants will given the option withdraw the erc token balance their capdax tokens. they choose not withdraw manually, their capdax tokens will waiting for them their capdax exchange account, available for trade withdrawal upon the launch the exchange. the public crowdsale account created during the waiting list period will automatically become capdax exchange account launch, care should taken save the login credentials. whitepaper business plan monetization use crowdsale funds the capdax team has long-standing track record building stable and scalable businesses. the goal have up-and-running product full operation quickly and securely possible, and thus the collected funds will distributed according the following: account launch, care should taken save the login credentials. engineering development the largest portion the crowdsale funds will allocated the exchange development. exchange requires great deal engineering and development work function properly, and capdax exchange has assembled team top talent build the best platform possible. features like social trading and margin trading are additional large undertakings that require highly skilled development team. marketing order meet market share goals, large marketing pushes, both online and offline, will required bring new users. the marketing team strives for the best and word mouth alone will not enough make capdax exchange the most popular the industry. whitepaper business plan monetization administration support where most other exchanges fail, capdax exchange will provide overstaffed and well-trained support team, quickly responding issues. security audits security audits and penetration testing are both expensive and essential when being trusted with large amounts user funds. legal thorough legal review important keep line with ever-changing international regulations. reserve held reserve for liquidity allocated needed. whitepaper capdax revenue model exchange fees capdax exchange generates revenue taking small trade fee from all executed orders. these fees are taken from both the buy order well the sell order. the fee schedule follows: market maker fee: market taker fee: capdax exchange, each trade made between market maker and market taker. the market maker has existing order the order book prior the trade being executed, and the market taker places matching order, removing from the order book. market makers provide liquidity the market, allowing higher volume the exchange and more price competition, they are rewarded with lower trade fee. market takers have higher trade fee, but their trade executed the best available rate. margin trading fees margin trading allows users make trades using funds borrowed from other users backed with collateral funds. margin traders can open long short positions borrowing funds and then either buying selling. traders can later close those positions and settle the loans. lender paid lending fee the borrower, and percentage that interest taken the exchange. whitepaper user acquisition marketing plan before getting heavily involved the cryptocurrency world, the founders capdax exchange were successful leaders the marketing and advertising world. bringing large user base essential for any cryptocurrency exchange thrive and have active markets. the strong execution well prepared marketing plan the best way ensure success. outside simple organic word-of-mouth growth, capdax exchange has plans motion for paid advertising campaigns, lead generation based affiliate commission program, generous "refer friend" program, community outreach, and event sponsorships. additionally, new users will attracted successful leaders the social trading platform, well the potential success the capdax token. marketing pushes few key members the capdax exchange team have extensive backgrounds online marketing. combining their knowledge the cryptocurrency market well experience with large-scale paid marketing campaigns, detailed online advertising plan has been created build great community and user base. large portion the crowdsale funds will dedicated onboarding new users through several marketing pushes before the exchange launched, launch, and when major features are released. referral program addition the large-scale paid marketing pushes, rewarding referral program has been implemented, giving bonuses those who refer new users the exchange. not only are existing users rewarded for referral, but the new users are also given sign-up bonus for being referred current user. whitepaper user acquisition marketing plan community outreach capdax exchange cares about the cryptocurrency community. the capdax founding team has been organizing international blockchain conferences and meetups since conferences and meetups around the world are essential for the growth the industry, and such, sponsorships are process for major upcoming events not only help spread the news about the exchange, but help fund the events themselves make sure the cryptocurrency community grows much possible. capdax token the capdax token being generated for the crowdsale will immediately tradable any exchange willing list it, and certainly existing decentralized ethereum token exchanges. each holder capdax token involved with the success the exchange, which will create natural viral effect more people buy, sell, hold. social trading leader promotions part the upcoming social trading feature, capdax exchange will assist successful leaders promoting themselves order gain more followers. this will not only beneficial the leaders, who will enjoy extra revenue from followers, but will also bring new users the exchange who may ordinarily never get involved cryptocurrency all. whitepaper roadmap timeline foundation establishment team formation planning exchange development launching internal tools services private seed funding round design and development crowdsale site onboarding first staff exchange backend architecting corporate entity establishment frontend engineering alpha proof concept backend alpha public awareness community outreach january strategic presale february public crowdsale whitepaper roadmap timeline capdax erc token distribution exchange backend/api operational beta exchange frontend private beta testing security audits hardening social trading development capdax exchange official public launch first major marketing push potential risks risk management when evaluating any investment, important understand the potential risks involved. cryptocurrency exchanges all have inherent risks, demonstrated numerous failures previous exchanges, well current ones. users are risk every time they trust the exchange with their funds. exchanges are risk simply being exposed the internet. crowdsale participants are risk soon they trust the project with their own money. minimizing these risks important part the planning and development capdax exchange. whitepaper potential risks risk management risks users the most obvious risk user cryptocurrency exchange lost funds. soon funds are deposited most cryptocurrency exchanges, there the risk that the exchange will simply close and the funds will lost. bitcoin worth more than us$ billion today's rates was lost when mt. gox, then the largest exchange the world, unexpectedly closed its doors and filed for bankruptcy protection. any time cryptocurrency funds are not wallet whose private keys are held the user, they are risk. even with established track record quality service, there way predict exchange will suddenly close and funds disappear. the best way user can protect against this keeping funds they not plan immediately trading wallet they personally control. capdax exchange helps users with this providing easy and timely withdrawals well information about setting their own wallet. remember: balances you not hold the private keys for are not technically your balances. phishing and malware are another large threat users cryptocurrency exchanges well cryptocurrency general. phishing attacks have been rampant, showing users fake login pages for exchanges, fake web wallets asking users for private keys. many millions worth coins have recently been stolen this way. the best line defense for this well-educated user. checking the url the address bar and the ssl security certificate details good start, along with regular malware scans. using hardware wallet also great way prevent keylogging malware. less experienced cryptocurrency users can't always expected aware all these threats and how mitigate them, however. there are several steps exchanges can take help well. extended validation ssl certificates allow the users clearly see the company name the address bar most browsers, and having notice the login page for the user always check for this also helpful. https://www.wired.com///bitcoin-exchange/ whitepaper potential risks risk management two-factor authentication another useful tool. although can still attacked with phishing sites, malware keyloggers will effectively stopped. requiring verification address range changes and email confirmation withdrawals another effective method help reduce these risks. the same category malware and phishing, account hacking another risk. hacked password databases are openly available, and easy write bot attempt logging into website with hacked credentials from another website. weak passwords contribute this risk well. the end the user, strong password policy important, but most don't know how implement one. exchange can provide users with password policy suggestions and links help with this. two-factor authentication can also help mitigate hacking attempts. email alerts unsuccessful logins and logins from new ranges and requiring email verification link clicks allow these logins are helpful, are login attempt rate limits and the address blocking attackers. risks crowdsale participants participating the capdax token generation event presents its own set risks that are mostly reliant the success failure the exchange itself well government regulation tokens general. participant puts his/her trust capdax, the success that participation relies the exchange itself being launched and operating successfully. they are trusting that their contribution will put good use and not wasted. they're also hoping that government body won't deem the token illegal regulate such manner that would become useless dangerous hold and trade. whitepaper potential risks risk management present, due the decentralized nature blockchain technology, the blockchains themselves not reside any particular country, thus the law regarding the classification cryptocurrencies "securities" unsettled. with respect legal and regulatory risks associated with this project, there real risk that the government where crowdsale participant resides declares all cryptocurrency tokens specific ones illegal trade. although impossible know what will happen this regard the future, possible safe possible given the current regulatory environment. this end, capdax token's model has been designed "utility" token facilitating trades the exchange and has been reviewed experienced legal team. while impossible know what any government will do, capdax has done its best decrease the likelihood government scrutiny the future. far the success the exchange concerned, the largest participant risk the project being poor quality, being vaporware, not being able compete with current cryptocurrency exchanges, leading the project failing. luckily, the capdax team full experienced leaders who are well-versed cryptocurrency, exchanges, and the challenges facing the industry. the engineering team has experience building large-scale, high-traffic systems, and the entire project has been designed good better than any the existing competition. the founders have also dedicated significant time and funding planning and developing the exchange, and are determined see their dream become reality. what cryptocurrency general fails? there chance that bitcoin ethereum "die"? while those things are certainly possible, and almost certainty that there will both large gains well major devaluations the value different currencies, the market whole, the likelihood the entire industry dying seems rather low this point. whitepaper potential risks risk management cryptocurrencies are quickly becoming mainstream solution big existing problems, and far have been proven resistant censorship outside influences. unless some enormous flaw found the technology itself, this shouldn't problem. what about decentralized exchanges? the surface, this exciting emerging technology looks like might make traditional cryptocurrency exchanges obsolete. far, however, decentralized exchanges have failed deliver adequate user experience. relying blockchain and smart contracts execute every trade both slow and expensive. trades can take minutes execute, they get executed all. errors where the exchange technology fault that result lost funds are not resolvable, there customer service for smart contract. trading also limited subset all available cryptocurrencies. ethereum smart-contract based exchanges, only ethereum based tokens can traded, and only against eth the base currency. there are some ways around this involving parties creating tokens representing off chain currencies, but that point, you might well using normal cryptocurrency exchange. centralized exchanges being made obsolete decentralized ones may happen the future, but the technology has long way evolve before that happens. whitepaper potential risks risk management risks capdax exchange running the exchange itself presents unique set risks due the nature cryptocurrency ledgers being permanent, and the large amount money involved. there are constant attacks from all sides including hacking attempts and ddos attacks, addition basic scaling issues and government scrutiny and regulation (discussed above). due the large value stored cryptocurrency exchanges, they have become prime targets for hackers over the past few years. hacks have been responsible for losses funds from some the biggest players the industry, which have caused some huge setbacks adoption and trust. adopting iso information security standards, discussed the security section, capdax has done its absolute best prevent loss funds due malicious hackers. strict cold storage policy, and constant balance integrity checking and failsafe mean users funds are safe the exchange. scaling and ddos attacks are both huge risks that affect any exchange. bad actors can launch ddos attacks against central points failure cryptocurrency infrastructure attempt make financial gains. cryptocurrency exchanges are easy targets for this type attack. large influx users can also cause heavy load the exchange itself. the system infrastructure not well engineered, this can cause enormous issues that many exchanges are currently facing with constant downtime and slow execution. capdax exchange has been engineered from the ground extremely scalable and resistant ddos attacks. whitepaper conclude: why capdax over other exchanges? capdax exchange built state-of-the-art modern technology stack using best practices for high performance web applications experienced developers from the financial sector. the team has integrated few key leading-edge tools that you won't find many other exchanges. basic mode, expert mode, masterfully inventive market research page, and social trading are just few the features that will help traders all experience levels. top all this, the capdax team has been deeply immersed the cryptocurrency community for years, and understands that ever-growing ecosystem that meant reward you, the user. capdax.com whitepaper