carboneum democratized social trading platform march (version carboneum team c@carboneum .io carboneum: democratized social trading platform abstract carboneum creating democratized infrastructure social trading platform with proprietary application. carboneum openly distributed protocol owned every single user. where traditional social trading platform helps solve complexity problem, still lacks transparency, remains vulnerable single point failure risk and the very core misaligns the interests the parties involved. the platform will completely immune such problems. built sustain and scale with sound revenue model where ultimate alignment interests structured, creating perfectly democratized trading platform for digital assets. intro for centuries, mankind has vowed make simplification investment process ultimate quest and yet countless attempts have yielded only failures thus far. investment procedure remains complex and out-ofreach for majority global population eligible advance their asset allocation effort. meanwhile, financial tools have become powerful today's era, global ratio stocks traded value gross domestic products (gdp) has been substantially growing throughout decades, constituting astounding level growth from percent percent quintupled itself over the past years. while most people deem typical finance tool for their profit maximization traditional asset investment, desire generate much greater impact borderless decentralized social trading platform which effectively channels through the flows digital assets the asian region. despite solid and comprehensive technological impact blockchain has laid digital asset cryptocurrency market, the need simplified investment tools this highly sophisticated field goes far beyond what can comprehend and remains great importance. inspired through our extensive experience building thailand's number one analytical tool and trading platform for stock investment, have developed clear vision how make investment digital assets cryptocurrencies simple and accessible for everyone. conceivable blockchain technology crucial steppingstone that would pave way towards endless opportunities for the smartest, simplest and most userfriendly investment specialist tool that might change digital asset investment landscape one has never experienced before. page carboneum: democratized social trading platform figure macro-level architectural structure stockradars, coinmax, coinradars and carboneum carboneum will open protocol built icon blockchain technology for platforms like stockradars, coinradars, coinmax and other future platforms, all which are backed the infrastructure carboneum system taking full advantage such movement, are hereby creating decentralized social trading platform icon blockchain technology with open protocol and token called carboneum, that desires bring the ultimate solution the biggest roadblocks digital assets and cryptocurrency investment; complexity, overwhelming information, lack transparency, lack decentralization and lack direction for new entrants. the greatest belief our core team lies simplifying the investment experience. strongly believe investment should for everyone. carboneum will allied with all key digital asset and cryptocurrency exchanges, making go-to platform for digital assets and cryptocurrencies enthusiasts, ensure seamless and borderless experience for digital assets and cryptocurrency investment for everyone. most importantly, guarantee its technical feasibility, carboneum will developed the team behind the success thailand's leading stock analytical and trading platform, stockradars. stockradars, the company has been chosen exclusive technological partner line thailand globally well-renowned chat application headquartered japan with over million users thailand) line finance project, accumulated almost million users. stockradars also partners with over ten stock brokerage companies, most those who have either global regional footprints such maybank kim eng, com securities (also known gmo japan), krungsri securities (thai page carboneum: democratized social trading platform subsidiary mitsubishi ufj financial group), yuanta securities (well renowned brokerage company china and taiwan), name few. the company also established joint-venture partnership with longtun man, the biggest and fastest growing community stock traders thailand. stockradars' commitment excellence also evident its multiple awards recognition both nationally and regionally, which will elaborated later on. accordingly, stockradars team should serve the most ideal group comprehend such task creating carboneum, social trading platform aiming revolutionize the investment landscape global scale. this ico project will good hands team with extensive experience not only developing technological tools but also conducting business operations investment field, making its greatest aspiration much closer the reality. sum up, carboneum allows users who are not equipped and content with making their own judgement digital assets transaction simply follow industry experts and copy their trading orders, either automatically manually upon final consent after being notified realtime basis. the platform also promotes great degree customization, permitting users adjust and match their fees, within certain range predetermined the platform, based their altitude risk preference and expected return. page carboneum: democratized social trading platform overview and concepts social trading figure key characteristics social trading/copy trading users can choose expert traders follow, establishing 'follower leader' type relationship, based the expected returns and risk preferences and users can learn the trade investment strategies implemented more than one leader, depending how many they choose follow, and combine them order make the optimal one their own traditionally speaking, social trading copy trading defined service which enables any users take role follower, giving the greenlight them duplicate the transactions leading trader. the concept was first introduced and practiced financial market, especially stocks trading. intriguingly, the greatest achievement social trading brought this world allows new investors simply take shortcut and deem the need educate themselves about financial products unnecessary. the sole responsibility users have make sure the right leader, whose assets allocation, success rate and risk tolerance are line with their preference, chosen. the emergence social trading has effectively minimized heavy reliance fundamental and technical analysis. rather, overtures the alternative way evaluating financial information comparing and copying trading orders, techniques and strategies. for instance, live the world where social media one the most important driving forces the society and vital parts our daily routines, social trading exploits trading data-feeds and other indicators made available other traders the given networks, come with successful trading strategies. widely believed enhanced interaction among traders, common practice social trading, signifies knowledge sharing process and considerably helps shorten learning curve for new participants. page carboneum: democratized social trading platform however great significance note implementing social trading for the purpose short-term monetary benefit considered detrimental from the moral and ethics perspective. its core, social trading gives the opportunity for new traders observe and learn copying trading orders; know which trading strategies fit their investment style and help them gain consistently. page carboneum: democratized social trading platform problems investment digital assets and cryptocurrencies complex order invest, need understand this simple correlation proven factual over multiple centuries and across every asset class. but for those who have little prior exposure any digital assets and cryptocurrencies, they could severely limited understand the mechanism behind those investment vehicles and extremely reluctant enter the market. even probable mention those who are already trading digital assets and cryptocurrencies could barely explain the true definition what they have been transacting on. the degree information one needs study absolutely overwhelming, especially for those without technical background. ultimately, without thorough understanding basic, fundamental and technical concepts and utilities given digital assets, potential investors with excessive interest often left the outside looking due large part reluctance resulted from their fragile comprehension such market. having said that, certain technological implementation, where social trading mechanism profoundly involved, can kryptonite such problems, and turn making investment digital assets more democratized and simpler than ever for everyone. above all, have extensive experience and proven track record building and maintaining award-winning technological platform help simplify investment process for stocks and mutual funds, stockradars and fundradars, and strongly believe the core foundation our technology entirely transferable and capable replicating similar success digital assets and cryptocurrency investment. centralized trading platform lacks transparency traditionally, social trading executed centralized platform; entity website acting centralized agent, requiring users transfer money into server-owned account set initial trading balance. such agent then carrying out copy trading mechanism simply repeating trade orders submitted expert traders ('leaders') for users who choose follow them ('followers') and agree pay specific type fee exchange for that service. nonetheless, the most critical drawback centralized platform lies the fact users means can verify each and page carboneum: democratized social trading platform every transaction carried out leaders actually copied the followers. how can really substantiate strategies implemented the followers' social trading command completely mirrors that the leaders? what there are miscues failure copy trading orders timely basis? despite those opportunity cost being monumental, the platform which operates with centralized nature takes accountability such colossal mistakes. the moment, there such platform able provide solution those disadvantages. therefore, the lack transparency observed centralized platform definitely glaring concern for the actual underlying wealth generation brought copy trading mechanism. traditional social trading platform seriously exposed single point failure risk centralized platform also extremely vulnerable single point failure risk, whereby error single part could bring the whole system collapse. the best example, building the aforementioned section, when the server copy trading website under distributed denial-of-service (ddos) attack hacked. this could lead serious consequences such users' inability take the money out the platform, the very worst, total loss money. existing incentive/revenue structure traditional social trading platform and traditional fund managers represents imperfect alignment interests this arguably one the biggest challenges aim take on, order create truly democratized social trading platform aspire do. generally speaking, existing social trading platforms normally act one the exchanges and the revenue source mainly comes from the 'spread', which the mark-up difference between buying and selling prices. might also viewed type trade commission fee, whereby each and every transaction customers have absorb the spread overtime. conventionally, the leaders the copied investors these platforms will rewarded with spread discount, lowering their percentage spread owed the platform, proportionately but conversely with the amount followers copiers they can accumulate. the other hand, for traditional fund managers, their mainstream source revenue management fee, calculated percentage based primarily, and almost solely, their assets page carboneum: democratized social trading platform under management (aum). the industry standard shows percent generic figure for such model. that basically explains why all mutual funds key objective grow the size their assets under management much they possibly could. these two aforementioned examples, nonetheless, are epitomes severe misalignment interests because they not share the downside risks their own customers. make long story short, regardless the results their decision making, either they make good bad trades, they still get paid for their services. customers still have compensate them even the case those leaders/fund managers fail bring about the monetary gain they desire, and ironically, that fact the reason why they agreed take the services provided those leaders/fund managers the very first place. likewise, the leaders/fund managers are not perfectly incentivized consistently come with technically sound trade strategies, ensure good blend both downside protection and profit maximization taken into serious consideration all time. existing alternatives social trading are inefficient and not properly monetized despite being overwhelmingly demanded, existing tools the market, ones that are trying emulate social investment mechanism, for investment digital assets and cryptocurrencies seriously lack efficiency and appropriate monetization method. technically speaking, these emulators come the form telegram twitter group. and even though they are mostly free charge (some might have subscription fee requiring paid upfront), this again does not reflect well-designed alignment interest and compensation structure. more importantly, the mechanism behind this essentially inefficient, requires the leaders make the announcement their groups and followers then have conduct trades manually. the uncertain timing these manual trade orders could fatal because investment field timing always essence. page carboneum: democratized social trading platform counter these problems, are building decentralized social trading platform with open protocol that communicates with all major digital asset and cryptocurrency exchanges directly. this concept imposes great significance ideal transparency, and complete decentralization for trade order execution. the platform also comes with truly democratized incentive structure whereby the interests all parties are perfectly aligned. that protocol named carboneum, which will serve main catalyst that would eventually help bring ideal ecosystem for investment reality. the concept will clarified the following parts this paper. page carboneum: democratized social trading platform carboneum democratized social trading platform for digital assets and cryptocurrencies blockchain technology enables the community replace business activities individually centralized corporation global scale with networks open, transparent and decentralized computing system that work across borders. for that reason, then aim create trading and investment platform for digital assets and cryptocurrencies which authorizes the greatest degree knowledge sharing, promotes the purest form transparency whereby all trading activities and actions are recorded and become totally traceable, verifiable and auditable via utilization blockchain technology. and most importantly, are extremely determined build tool that helps simplify the trading decision for newcomers, who and large are not technologically and technically educated, compared those industry veterans, implementing the concepts social trading/copy trading. therefore, carboneum has teamed with icon foundation aiming provide support for both technical development our project and further business expansion. thus, carboneum will run icon blockchain. will closely work with icon developing our dapp, running various tests icon blockchain before our scheduled launch october. before move further, should highlighted one the most striking characteristics decentralized platform mutual contribution. every single user momentous the success the platform. carboneum, blockchain implemented primarily the fundamental point relationship social trading mechanism, helping the system identify and obligate one user another, specific, follower leader, via smart contracts. also gives permission for the platform standardize rules, penalty and settlement practice through such on-chain technology. nevertheless, highly important note blockchain alone, from functionality standpoint, not sufficient make carboneum operate the most efficient way possible, cannot optimize trade order execution real-time basis, whereas timeliness digital asset and cryptocurrency trading paramount importance. most crucially, transaction cost blockchain too high and considered unsustainable longer term for the platform. therefore need build our own offchain technology, open protocol tailor-made for social trading purposes, called carboneum. page carboneum: democratized social trading platform key value propositions carboneum aforementioned, carboneum decentralized social trading platform embarking new way digital asset and cryptocurrency trading. aim build world-class social trading platform for digital assets which fully decentralized and totally independent all exchanges. borderless and limitless digital assets and cryptocurrencies are, are building platform that tackles such challenges global scale that works for anyone from anywhere any markets the world. key value propositions carboneum are consisted the following; transparency decentralization leads transparency. each and every transaction processed and recorded using icon blockchain technology which traceability and ownership action are premium. ensure the greatest level independency, carboneum will working with, but not subject to, all leading digital asset exchanges. but more importantly, carboneum also emphasizes the transparency revolving around social trading elements. result, performance stats, historical trading positions, transaction records, both the followers and leaders our platform, will completely accessible. simplicity trading carboneum exceptionally easy for beginners. not only can they win the trade quickly but they also can learn observing the strategies following the right leaders. carboneum understands real pain points users and aspires create the most intuitive and user-friendly investment platform, therefore put user experience the apex our priority list. our mission replicate how instagram filters help turn ordinary smartphone users professional photographers the digital assets trading world. additionally, carboneum also offers fully customizable 'radars' technology help filter suitable digital assets based investment behavior, expected returns and risk preferences unique each user. each radar constructed based primarily specific pattern price movement while also incorporating other factors such significant change trade volume into the formula. worth mentioning our radars technology fully compatible with digital asset and cryptocurrency market. page carboneum: democratized social trading platform knowledge sharing social trading exemplifies boundless knowledge sharing. offers the opportunity for traders work collaboratively trading strategies, either sharing information, working multiple market research pooling other resources together. addition, carboneum also capitalizes free flow information among digital assets and cryptocurrency investors the network, allowing them exchange any forms knowledge liberally. additionally, carboneum would like take the knowledge sharing aspect the next level organizing its own sponsoring events, training live broadcasts, bridging the gap virtual world and reality, and promoting not only smart wealth-generating platform but also channels acquiring the know-how making good trade strategies (see figure also highly important reemphasize carboneum's commitment transparency, which turn creates limitless opportunities for potential traders who desire contribute leaders the platform; not only human can listed leaders carboneum but robot/ai traders can also participate such role. likewise, not only limited amateur traders but also licensed fund managers can similarly join the platform, enhancing their asset allocation and exposing themselves cryptocurrency market, either leader follower. short, carboneum seeks the most democratized investment platform for all user types, both followers and leaders. ultimate platform that stages the opportunity for amateur digital asset investor become high-performing fund manager, and earn living like one. this would consequently lead substantial job creation, similarly how uber plays instrumental part creating jobs additional income for non-taxi drivers. carboneum positions itself 'wisdom the cloud', digital asset investment platform for everyone everyone. incentivized business model reported etoro, one the world leading copy equity trading website, that approximately percent all copied trades were closed profit since its launch this has laid ground for future businesses where win-win-win situation achieved due large part perfect alignment interests and incentives. this system however still has flaws and will elaborated further this paper later on. carboneum nevertheless, using smart contracts, based icon blockchain technology, create the system lock leaders and followers and collect fee automatically when each positive gain realized. most notably, page carboneum: democratized social trading platform followers will only charged certain percentage fee, and leader will therefore earn majority proportion that fee, only upon positive trade results. this motivates the leaders significantly more thoughtful and imposes basic accountability them; they will only get paid and only they bring tangible results the followers. digital assets trading completely commoditized, customer touch point highly crucial the scalability any platforms. accordingly, all major exchanges would want work with carboneum voluntarily because their api completely open and carboneum's platform built open protocol itself. working with carboneum, returns they will undoubtedly acquire more customer, gain access more tools and achieve better customer engagement. figure interactive communication valued premium social trading industry, which turn could potentially provide complimentary business opportunities serve the investment community more efficiently. for example, social trading events, interactive training and live broadcast trading experts, name few page carboneum: democratized social trading platform this table summarizes, compares and contrasts key characteristics the system and fee structure imposed traditional centralized social trading platform and carboneum traditional social trading platform carboneum's social trading platform centralized decentralized trust trust imposed middleman guarantee security the process trust imposed specific party fault tolerance exposed single point failure risk single point failure risk all limited system owner's resources users mutually contribute the growth system that supports infinite number nodes system owner can hide all the data from user system may hide show data from participant (by system design) fee structure spread discount percentage aum success fee made from successful trades only fee distribution majority fee goes the platform majority fee goes leaders copied traders still earn making bad decisions leaders can earn only making good decisions copied traders are not driven perform leaders are driven deliver tangible results centralization scalability transparency payout condition ethics figure key differences between other traditional social trading platforms carboneum platform major categories page carboneum: democratized social trading platform business model trading mechanism how does carboneum work the model for major source revenue very simple; success fee will collected upon each and every, but limited only to, successful, positive yielding trade. short, carboneum works these simple steps (see figure users can choose expert traders follow, establishing 'follower leader' type relationship, based the expected returns and risk preferences, and delegate the authority execute copied trade orders automatically carboneum via smart contract system the event that users generate positive results from any trade orders copied from the leaders, users will charged certain percentagebased amount fee the system. the system will then transfer the majority that fee the leader mark-up for their service, with the remaining amount being kept platform's revenue figure flow charts trading mechanism and fee structure carboneum page carboneum: democratized social trading platform expand the mechanism from technical standpoint, starts with leader creating copy trading agreement using smart contract icon blockchain with follower accepting their terms profit sharing model having follower officially signing the contract start social trading distributed/decentralized application (dapp), using wallets that provide web provider for dapp browser. once the follower decides follow leader (click button), the dapp will prompt the follower sign smart contract along with the token allowance activate automatic fee payment function and giving away api key access exchanges the follower the leader/platform. epitomize the concept decentralization, carboneum endorses full customization the desirable rate fee for leaders dapp. any theory basic finance would suggest, risk tolerance highly sensitive characteristic unique any given investor. likewise, purely decentralized platform should allow followers and leaders arrange different expected returns and risk preferences and match them freely. some investors may enjoy greater magnitude investment return, bearing mind the higher level risk associated such option. other investors, the other hand, might more contingent and have lesser risk tolerance, thereby lowering their expected return. the same manner, the different yet uniquely optimal balance risk tolerance and expected returns should mirrored the way varying rate fee charged each leader, reflect our collective effort democratize investment landscape and embrace such diversity. the contract setup process comes with simple steps but fully transparent and totally secured for all parties involved. figure technicality contract mechanism carboneum both sides agree upon terms contract via smart contract blockchain page carboneum: democratized social trading platform the leader will provide the access their investment account comparable giving api key third parties. follower then signs the contract start copy trading command the leader. follower required transfer carboneum token multisignature wallet for paying the fee the system. multisignature wallet can used this particular use case the social trading app where does not want have full access full ownership the wallet, and the application provider simply allows user login with traditional username and password not the private key. this digital wallet however requires users transfer carboneum token, minimum reserve level, order activate trading activities. users who fail meet minimum reserve will prohibited from executing trade orders, let alone using social trading feature. further the process, the order relay*** will automatically sign and onboard these contract grant the right process future trading operations carboneum. *** the relay computer running our software operate off-chain trade order execution via exchange api *** figure technicality trading mechanism carboneum leader provides access their investment account, similarly the way website giving away api key third parties, carboneum and follower. relay will keep track any changes the leader's trading activities their exchange(s) via exchange api and api key provided the user. page carboneum: democratized social trading platform relay will keep tracking trading activities digital assets exchanges user associated with, and executing the trade operation for the follower such opening position, taking profit order and closing position the follower account their exchanges. once trading order executed and positive gain realized, relay will send request the contract deduct fee from digital wallet follower. the total amount fee will therefore collected carboneum once given user decides close their trade position. short, leader essentially gains capital gain earned his followers, which goes carboneum platform. please noted the commission rate subjected future changes depending the market situation. figure technicality rewarding mechanism carboneum once relay spots any movements, will copy those actions and execute trade orders the follower's trading account proportionately their asset allocation. the event the trade yields positive results, relay will signal request smart contract deduct certain amount fee from the follower's digital wallet. carboneum will settle and collect verifying fee once the follower close their trade position *** verifier the relay which verifies the trade execution the trade relay *** page carboneum: democratized social trading platform essence note certain situation whereby substantial gain potentially taking place, based clear steep price movement targeted digital assets short period time, and token balance follower possibly insufficient pay for the supposed amount fee, carboneum will signal capital call directly follower. notified follower then needs fill their balance meet required amount continue trading activities. carboneum platform also makes settlement contractual indebtedness the system possible the most transparent fashion, via smart contract. this permits the platform enforce follower who have insufficient balance pay the fee settle the amount owed the system and leader later on. one the main benefits from using multisignature wallet technology helps the system collect fees more efficiently. multisignature wallet technically grants partial ownership specific entity manage assets allocated such wallet based prearranged purposes agreed upon both parties. furthermore, there will predetermined ceiling for value digital assets carboneum can deduct directly from the wallet but for limited scope services only. alternatively, the platform can also issue credit user who indebted the system. paramount importance underline carboneum's social trading mechanism allows the whole portfolio the leader copied the follower's account the right proportion. also, are not positioning ourselves exchange, trading/following on/across multiple exchanges will also made possible carboneum protocol, thanks our comprehensive api integration. order maximize potential capital gains, all trading pairs listed exchange are basically available, ensure the trade orders are executed the best prices possible. also have alternative revenue channels the pipeline waiting implemented the future, such affiliate fee from exchange and offering other premium features and services which can also paid using our own token. summarize, carboneum plans revolutionize the incentive structure creating the ultimate alignment interests, whereby the only circumstance the platform will earn money (and the users have pay the fee) when successful trade taking place. this stark contrasts the way traditional social trading platform and traditional assetmanagement company charges their own customers (see figure the page carboneum: democratized social trading platform leaders our platform will mechanically and perpetually incentivized make sound decisions, where the best interests every single party are taken into consideration. firmly believe this would crucial stepping stone create sustainability for our democratized social trading platform. figure revolutionary incentive structure carboneum there only one condition for the platform generate revenue from social trading activities; when the leaders lead the followers profitable trades, 'win-win-win' situation taking place page carboneum: democratized social trading platform carboneum token (c) will issue our token called 'carboneum token' (c), used primarily on, but not exclusively to, social trading features for digital assets. certainly offers other utilities for premium services the future, such substantial discount every type fee, including premium features stockradars and fundradars application fee events and seminars held stockradars team. carboneum also open protocol for decentralized copy trading icon blockchain. intends serve basic functionality for copy trading and benefits distribution between copying and copied investor, our terms, follower and leader. using publicly accessible system smart contracts can act shared infrastructure for variety decentralized applications (dapps) and platforms. allows creating sophisticated platform tailored for investor requirements. token smart contract which allows follower pay their leader and used other activities coinradars platform. specifically, token holders will benefited greatly terms discount premium services, which the fee will reduced half paid token. that rate will gradually reduced percent entering the year and remain that level perpetually for token holders. nonetheless, followers who want pay commission fee using token (to exercise huge discount) need inform their leaders advance. most importantly, great significance note this stage token can also used stockradars and fundradars applications activate extra discounts premium and exclusive features (see figure figure different discount rate applied from year year token holders page carboneum: democratized social trading platform carboneum (c) token ico allocation and fund usage this ico effort, fixed amount million shall issued and shall never reproduced any forms. out that amount, million tokens will offered publicly fixed price usd per unit. due our partnership with icon, eth and icx will accepted during the public sale. the allocation and fund usage shown below. should noted non-public tokens will subjected -year silent period, effective from march similarly, pre-arranged tokens will legally bound -year silent period. nevertheless, specific proportion tokens allocated used business partnership and rewarding program (see below) will not constrained such. page carboneum: democratized social trading platform carboneum roadmap the pre-sale period starts march followed the public sale june july other key dates and related actions are listed the following timeline (see figure figure carboneum roadmap the ico-related dates the launching dates carboneum's platform page carboneum: democratized social trading platform carboneum token repurchasing plan our intention gradually reduce the number using our profit repurchase and terminate them over time. entering the second year after its launch, percent our net profit will used repurchase third year, will this semi-annually. and from fourth year onward, will repurchased and burnt the blockchain quarterly basis until half coin repurchased, leaving million coins the open market. all repurchasing effort will recorded the icon blockchain. our primary objective mechanically but gradually stimulate the setup environment whereby only long-term token holders remain the market because, design, the majority token holders will the one who use the platform very actively and seek create perfect ecosystem the long run where only our active users are our token holders. figure carboneum token repurchasing plan percent our net profit will used repurchase the token from the public market, starting once year. the effort will then doubled the second year and quadrupled the fourth year, and remain such rate until only million coins remain the open market page carboneum: democratized social trading platform why us? stockradars the team ideally made tackle this challenge proven commendable success and well-documented track record building and developing thailand's number one online stock trading and analytical platform with app downloads, double digits local and regional brokerage partners (see figure and versions updated since launched. stockradars also managed achieve percent market penetration based the number monthly active internet traders; every four people who trade stocks online, one them actively uses stockradars. above all, stockradars the only exclusive partnership line thailand, the provider market-leading chat application, developing service called line finance and together they have accumulated large and still-growing user base million people. this more than tripled the number people with internet trading accounts thailand million december according stock exchange thailand). with the help stockradars' technology, not only line finance successfully approaches the uncharted territory, but also empowers people buy and sell stocks inside line application for the first time the history thailand. the abovementioned list accomplishments shows why nobody could epitomize 'investing made simple' more appropriately than our team. brought you figure stockradars major achievements march stockradars, champion crowdsourcing and knowledge sharing the greatest magnitude and firmly believe the uprising page carboneum: democratized social trading platform importance blockchain technology would only further signify change investment landscape and provide limitless opportunities borderless market digital assets and cryptocurrencies. have been relentless our preparation process, spending countless hours research and development make sure the platform are creating completely transitional and applicable with stocks, digital assets and other investment vehicles the pipeline, making this the go-to platform for the future regardless what you are looking invest in. page carboneum: democratized social trading platform board advisors paa korn chatikavanit mr. korn chatikavanij chairman thai fintech association. served finance minister ministry finance, thailand from mr. chatikavanij served president j.p. morgan (thailand) limited from president thanakom securities limited from and worked s.g. warburg co. london, england from served chairman bank for agriculture and agricultural cooperatives until august batara eto co-founder and managing partner east ventures, pte. ltd. investor with technical background. always looking connect with company founders and engineers. barata experience and startup growth and fundraising increase the confidence into the company towards wise and trustful growth. page carboneum: democratized social trading platform pawoot pongvitayapanu pawoot pongvitayapanu (pom), often called thailand's e-commerce pioneer, internet entrepreneur, and ceo founder tarad.com and the e-frastructure group. has been active the internet community since and start-up investor more than companies. has two masters degrees internet e-commerce from abac university, and executive mba from sasin school management. also president the thai e-commerce association and founder the thai epayment association and the thai e-logistic club. also serves the thailand fintech association, the thailand tech startup association, consultant for thai webmaster association. krating poonpol krating serves venture partner startups. mr. poonpol also serves the founder dtac accelerate. prior firm, served global lead product marketing manager google earth. prior that, mr. poonpol served the asia pacific's regional lead quantitative marketing google. prior that, served consultant mckinsey. prior that, mr. poonpol also served the chief executive officer moblitz. currently, serves director hubba co., ltd. mr. poonpol was named thailand's business man the year the nation and was included asia young leader has been speaker global entrepreneurship summit hosted president barack obama and white house; mit asia business conference page carboneum: democratized social trading platform guangzhou international innovation conference and singapore fintech festival monetary authority singapore kai tsang tsang has more than years experience creating digital products and services which enriched the lives millions. tsang set and managed the app store team asia for apple. his work shaped the app economy and created vast opportunities for start-ups the region. the tsang held senior product management positions yahoo!. products managed included search, answers, sports and games. created yahoo! mahjong, legendary multiplayer online game tapping into the chinese population globally. tsang also has extensive integrated marketing experience with major brands such colgate palmolive and logitech, where transformed the traditional marketing team into digital marketing organisation. also advisor for startups which focus blockchain, machine learning and the app economy. page carboneum: democratized social trading platform somboon sukheviriya president and founder comanche international public company limited, comanche now operating countries and territories asia, namely myanmar, vietnam, laos, australia, cambodia, hong kong, macau, china, taiwan, japan, indonesia, philippines, india, maldives, malaysia, sri lanka, singapore, and its home base thailand. somboon one the first specialists thailand work directly with hotel industry computer systems, who believe that the future for hotel software systems provide complete solutions, all them developed in-house, and all fully compatible with international standards and local operating conditions. prinn panitchpakdi governor the stock exchange thailand. member, corporate governance and social responsibilities committee, the stock exchange thailand member, securities investor protection fund committee, the stock exchange thailand managing director, clsa securities (thailand) limited director, association thai securities companies. page carboneum: democratized social trading platform wenwei ranked top young venture capitalist china, during his career serving cyberagent ventures general manager shanghai branch, and evolution media capital investment director, wenwei invested one unicorn and several startups with multi-hundred million valuation. has profound experience and wide network china's blockchain and internet industry. wenwei also cfa and cicpa. louis ryu ceo and founder shift, accelerator working with the best startups for asia market expansion generate and implement businesses. page carboneum: democratized social trading platform sakolkorn sakavee co-founder bitcoin thai club and former chief executive officer and founder playinter and garena online (thailand). has over eight year experiences the online gaming industry. mr. sakavee started his career freelance writer for well-known game-focused magazine thailand. always creating new things for the ecosystem online gaming and the industry itself. his first startup business was playinter back mr. sakavee also known for starting and fostering the esport industry thailand wherein the e-sport "fever" started thailand because his efforts. jakraphan saetiao altcoin trader group founder with over followers his facebook page, one the early investor ico thailand. experiences invest with many ico from the early day. helps shape carboneum meet the ico investor's need and design for the best value retail investor. he's considered one the most prominent crypto influencer thailand's crypto community. page carboneum: democratized social trading platform chalermruth narkvichien ceo gmo-z.com netdesign holding company. board director and member audit committee and director gmo financial holding inc. first and only thai who was named the best young asian entrepreneur bloomberg business week. rawit hanutsaha managing director srichand united dispensary co.,ltd. and public speaker mission the moon. rawit breathed new life into his family's well-known, but dated srichand facial powder brand. this third generation managing director rescued the struggling business armed with engineering degree from chulalongkorn university and mba from vanderbilt university the u.s. his strong determination and marketing skills helped revamp the -year-old brand, saving from decline. since took over years ago, srichand has been rebranded with new additions its product line. with significant revenue increases each year, rawit hopes list the company the stock exchange this marketing guru also respected industry speaker and writer. page carboneum: democratized social trading platform awards financial industry software ticta, thailand ict awards (ticta) the organizer for the software competition, which has been supported ministry information and communication technology and thai federation ict technology association. financial industry application apicta the asia pacific ict alliance awards international awards program organized apicta, which aims increase ict awareness the community and assist bridging the digital divide. honorable award, frit (foundation for research information technology) organization which supports researches and developments thailand's information technology. determined part developing projects related information technology towards international competency standard. finalist fintech challenge securities and exchange commission thailand (set) finalist fintech challenge award set and partnership; fintech foster innovation that addresses the real barriers capital markets and thailand insurance and adapt the business model meet the needs customers have more choices. stock exchange thailand new venture award. the abc award was held organizations; capital nomura securities plc (cns), securities and exchange commission thailand (set), small and medium enterprise development bank thailand (sme bank) and university thai chamber commerce (utcc) support thai entrepreneurs and stage for showing their new ideas and innovations. bronze award private sector asean ict award private sector award any application software, hardware its combination that serves the needs the private sectors such industrial application, e-logistics and supply chain management, finance industry application, communication, ehealth, and tourism. rice bowl startup award finalist tech startup the year. the award for best marketing campaign the year and can terms growth, impact, sales, product service. page carboneum: democratized social trading platform figure stockradars awards recognition figure stockradars existing brokerage partners business partners page carboneum: democratized social trading platform version history this document subjected further amendments and the change log version history will recorded github. you may visit the following link for your own reference. https://github.com/carboneumproject/whitepaper page