global transportation data protocol with decentralized applications whitepaper version last update: august table content summary the disruptive power connected cars and connected car data how smart devices and the mobile internet are changing the automotive industry accurate data modelling replace traditional data analysis understanding the connected car ecosystem and its potential the core data problems the connected car ecosystem data allocation data for the creation transportation applications nonexistent core system design carblock architecture data collection and storage data collection method and dimension data storage and optimization the importance valid data data exchange smart contract template and audit data security data storage security data transaction security privacy protection module copyright protection based data watermarking technology disclaimer reference summary carblock decentralized blockchain platform and ecosystem that serves the entire information, carblock will the same for data and assets. this increased access operation for them carblock, while also attract individuals, teams, universities and research institutions join the ecosystem and eventually change the entire automotive and transportation industry. carblock's ecosystem built based extensive research and investigation. based that information, work off the following fundamental principles: the ownership and interest all data should belong the data provider, most circumstances, the car owner. first, this where the regulations are headed (especially most western countries), and second, car owners are the foundation carblock's ecosystem and serve the link between business and data. our expectation that blockchain and its decentralized nature will provide the perfect solution for these scenarios. the contrary, carblock will ensure the free circulation data and decrease the friction during this process. the purpose transaction consumption merely cover the cost the system. carblock will even subsidize individuals, teams, universities and research institutions with creative capacity the organization perceives the potential those offerings better the ecosystem. carblock's ecosystem. veterans the connected car industry, believe that applications and services built car data will present massive, disruptive force the industry. however date, the development hasn't reached its full potential yet. the reason why due the lack consensus among data owners, collectors, and demanders, leaving interests that are impossible share equitably. the past, data owners couldn't trust the entity protect their privacy and have incentives share with them, this the main reason that one has built this technology. these are the reasons we've created carblock solve data circulation problems the automotive industry through blockchain technology. the disruptive power connected cars and connected car data the vast majority auto industry experts concur that connected cars and connected car data will disruptive force the auto industry and its peripheral industries. this chapter highlights the auto industry's major changes and future trends. how smart devices and the mobile internet are changing the automotive industry smart devices and the mobile internet have had major impact the century-old automotive industry. not only have they made the collection and analysis vehicle driving data possible, they have also dramatically changed people's driving behavior with the introduction various intelligent electronic systems and driving assistance systems. accurate data modelling replace traditional data analysis "connectivity will have more dramatic effect cars than any other automotive technology the last century. that's because the car great 'data centre' with the potential collect and share information from huge range sources. will know where you shop, work, when you drive and even what you your weekends off. cars will therefore become much smarter and understand you and respond you tom rivers, vice president connected car marketing, automotive connectivity specialist harman when comes vehicle data, traditional data analysis longer appears adequate. we're currently seeing emerging trends which connected car data modelling can reliable source information for making decisions about insurance quotes, vehicle maintenance, and used car transactions. the olddoing way doing business much still very much alive, company while thewhile old way business still very alive, company with datawith data modelling capabilities havecompetitive huge competitive advantage over others modelling capabilities can havecan huge advantage over others and thus and thus withdriving vehicledata driving data could offertailored more and tailored and competitive with vehicle could offer more competitive package package their their are seeing early signs this north america from acalled startup called metromile are seeing early signs this north america from startup metromile that able that toisoffer able competitive offer competitive insuranceinsurance quotes byquotes allowing allowing its customers its customers purchasepurchase insuranceinsurance based onbased their driving theirmileage. driving mileage. with thewith continued the continued advancement advancement and adoption and adoption connected connected car technology, car technology, data will data undoubtedly will undoubtedly become abecome drivinga driving force for force the entire for the transportation entire transportation industry. industry. understanding understanding the connected the connected car ecosystem car ecosystem and its potential and its potential party interacts party interacts and and the connected the connected car system carissystem essentially essentially ecosystem ecosystem which each which each collaborates collaborates through data. through thedata. autothe industry auto industry alreadyisaalready matureaindustry mature with industry differwith different parties entcontributing parties contributing and consuming and consuming data. data data. enables datathe enables different the different parties inparties the the ecosystem ecosystem form synergies, form synergies, achieve progress, achieve progress, and makeand transportation make transportation safer andsafer and more convenient. more convenient. auto infot ainment tem auto par supplier car owner car clubs navigation road aid provider auto media univer sities and research ins titutions data dealer ships maintenance repair insurance companies user- car provider user- car dealer ships auto manufac turer rent ser vices connected car ecosystem the connected car market holds immense potential. according accenture's report[], the global connected car market will reach billion (excluding car manufacturers) with china estimated take %[] that market. china connected car market size (unit:billion dollars) global connected car market size china global accenture's report the connected car market another report from mckinsey shows the car data market will reach billion year the core data problems the connected car ecosystem while the connected car market poised for growth, the market currently fragmented and hindered the following problems which carblock aims solve with blockchain solution. vehicles have enabled people more mobile and more free than ever before, inevitably driving has become core part people's daily lives. north americans are estimated spend over their lives the car. vehicle and driving data can used derive insights about people's lifestyle and preferences and therefore invaluable. without advanced data encryption and strict authorization, there huge potential threat people's personal privacy and safety. being that the automotive industry highly market-driven industry, it's not surprising hear that companies are facing increasing pressures from consumers protect their privacy and data. how can companies protect their users' privacy and regulate data access? this key problem that the connected car industry has been trying solve but with minimal progress, leaving big question marks around the best ways handle connected car data collection and storage. the topic car data ownership has always been very controversial. almost all car manufacturers have begun pre-install telematics box (t-box) into vehicles collect data. yet, car owners believe that vehicle data rightfully theirs and matter personal privacy. consumers are reluctant trust privacy commitments from car manufacturers and other commercial companies. result, there clear consumer need for solution that ensures that the vehicle data belongs the car owner. unquestionably, the rights use and distribute data should belong the person who contributes the data. yet, when drive, the data generate often does not belong us. for instance, the navigation software knows where are going and pushes relevant ads. advertisers, turn, give money the navigation company. we, data contributors, not receive anything return. this precisely why the connected car industry has made little progress; users are not motivated provide relevant data without proper incentives. while manufacturers and companies have tried keep things quiet for fear losing revenue streams, consumers are becoming increasingly aware the privacy invasion and are now demanding rights their personal data. personal data are all over the media[]. china, people were livid about alipay's privacy invasion their annual spending data[]. http://tech.sina.com.cn/i/--/doc-ifyqnick.shtml process. although car data possesses huge value, yet due privacy regulation, companies can only use desensitised data for application development. since desensitised data can it's very hard truly promote industry progress based it. the other side, with desensitised data only counts about all data collected, hasn't been properly used and just kept idle, there's way for the industry truly take off from data-driven perspective. data allocation data for the creation transportation applications nonexistent vehicles december reported collecting million miles data[] may now, the company collects data from hundreds vehicles each day. managing which makes getting valuable data game only giant companies can afford play. while there vehicle data available small companies, the data extremely transportation applications. fact, the lack access vehicle data has prevented individuals, teams, universities, and research institutes with innovative ideas from making headway into building useful future transportation applications. when community individual developers and startups have the resources they need develop applications for users around the world. the same thing can happen with the connected car industry when open platform such carblock created enable simple, cost-effective, and safe circulation real-world transportation data. doing so, people the ecosystem can develop their ideas and foster breakthroughs the connected car industry. the viability connected car applications ultimately relies infrastructure that can support the safe and automated circulation massive amounts vehicle data. core system design carblock architecture carblock will build decentralized transportation data ecosystem through set transportation data protocol roll out transportation data market realize easy data access and seamless integration for centralized transportation data application the core architecture would -layer structure shown below: business application application layer infortainment rental insurance repair maintenance data exchange website app data collection storage connected car iot solution backend system connected car third party data api protocol layer data redundancy smart contract template transaction process centralized key smart contract deployment batch and redundancy account and permissions transaction service decentralized infrastructure layer security service smart contract smart contract smart contract ethereum eos ont decentralized transaction data encryption other centralized service privacy mask massege queue data service nucypher kms meta data decentralized data encryption ipfs raw data decentralized storage the carblock architecture decentralized infrastrcuture layer:d ifferent public chains have provided different decentrazlied infrastructures, like ethereum's decentralized transacation, nucypher's decentralized encryption and ipfs's decentralized storage. the problem that the bottom layer and its api are relatively primitive with different limitation (concurrent performance for example), sets very high threshold for end users (businesses and car owners) use and integrate all them. protocol layer: hand, carblock will encapsul the original interface and integrate all different functions, set the data protocol and provide open api for everyone use. the other hand, because the current blockchain technology not mature, the requirements are not necessarily met terms performance and availability. this stage are complemented partially centralized technologies such batching operations, redundancy data, and caching. the entire protocol layer built the current stateless microservice architecture the internet industry, with high availability, scalability, and concurrency. application layer: data the cornerstone the entire system, the core application the collection, storage and transaction data. application developers not need interact directly with the infrastructure layer with all different public chains, they could greatly lower the threshold application development and simplify the whole process using carblock's program-friendly carblock ecosystem acquire large-scale transportation data, various decentralized business applications can built such car sharing, insurance, maintenance and on. our philosophy use centralized protocol layer better serve decentralized essentially all data will eventually implemented the decentralized public chain facility, and can accessed without going through the carblock protocol layer, such querying transactions through the blockchain browser and viewing data through ipfs client. public chain still authoritative regarding the data and transactions, and the carblock protocol layer only used for caching and redundancy. the key work the carblock protocol layer formulate transportation data protocol and interface standards, and implement interfaces based the current from the evolution the underlying technology, that the upper layer applications will not need iterate too much because this. the future, when various decentralization technologies mature, the carblock protocol layer may exist various forms, such lightweight library, and can more convenient for applications utilize the public chain. the carblock protocol layer code will open source, ensuring complete transparency the technology implementation, and also bringing together the community improve the entire system. order for easy understanding, can summarize transportation data-driven business into two scenarios: data collection storage and data transaction. will discuss carblock's core modules detail based these two scenarios and demonstrate how carblock can ensure data safety along the whole process. data collection and storage data collection and storage the cornerstone application the carblock system. collecting various usage data vehicle terminals, transferred the ipfs through the carblock platform. business applications the carblock ecosystem will based these data. data collection method and dimension compatible hardware bottom iot and sensor layer. the raw signal collected the sensor encrypted the hardware and becomes the original data. the encrypted data transmitted via bluetooth the smartphone, directly through the networking module the device. the protocol layer's data validator will verify the authenticity the data from the hardware communication. the data stored two parts: metadata which only contains all the dimension information used for the query, well index their corresponding raw data, such hash ipfs (merkel hash) []. metadata will also contain some validation data. for example, data stored based ipfs will use the same "copy proof" technology filecoin [-] car data. verified, encrypted, and compressed raw data stored ipfs similar the integration compatible hardware and carblock, carblock will launch conforming carblock's data standard, the car network data can stored through the carblock platform interface. further, carblock also working with the car manufacturer allow easy implementation for new car deployed carblock. the original signal collected the sensor will encrypted the hardware and become the encrypted raw data, which then transmitted via bluetooth smartphone directly from the networked module the device. different kinds data are important for different business scenarios. the data node's core function store the connected car data the carblock coming from the hardware. then, the data will stored two parts: and indexes the corresponding raw data, such merkel hash ipfs. metadata will also include validation data such data stored ipfs using the same "copy proof" technology filecoin for on-premise raw data storage and validation (storage availability). data storage and optimization considering that the performance and availability the ipfs public network may not meet the production standards current stage, the carblock team has made the following optimizations: transaction, they can use storage service node provided third party. the early days, the carblock foundation could exist third-party storage provider, providing high-quality storage service nodes ipfs networks. the carblock platform uses the persistent message queue such kafka balance the ipfs workload and improve the performance and throughput. the carblock platform will build ipfs private network for read-only data redundancy improve data query performance and availability time-series and multi-dimensional features, the carblock team working extensions over ipfs support better storage and access transportation data. the importance valid data transportation data immense value for the building applications. protect the carblock community against such fraud, carblock has designed two types data validation. valid data collection carblock requires the data provider assume two roles that the data collector and storage provider. the data provider node the ipfs network and responsible for storing data. this typically consumes one three times much storage his/her collected data (extra storage space will used backup other miners the community data). this design helps prevent data collectors from forging fake data large quantities avoid wasting large amounts storage resources. for the miners who want generate huge amounts fake data for themselves while their data may still ultimately rejected and therefore worthless. addition, used car trading important use case for carblock. fake driving data increases the apparent usage the vehicle, which reduces the vehicle's valuation. result, miners are unlikely want cheat. the data collection phase, carblock has data validator ensure that the data collected the real iot sensor. the data trading phase, the data purchaser also has the right request sample from the smart contract reference for the validation test. any fake data found, will terminate the execution the contract, and the fake data miner will not obtain any reward via the smart contract. foundation and permanently expelled from the trading market. valid data storage small block random data blocks and submitting small amount data. the same filecoin, which also based ipfs. data exchange similar data collection and storage, data transaction cornerstone application for carblock. only when data can freely circulated and utilized, the whole carblock ecosystem can grow properly. data transaction the data marketplace will deployed through smart contract, the process will follows: set the parameter data purchase. eg. sensor, scope, amount, price, start/end data contract, data receiving gateway, etc. pre-examination will deployed after the request has been sent eliminate improper transaction request. (eg. request that against local regulation) automatically generate smart contract and deploy. the data owner has chosen opt-in the default authorization rule, then the transaction will automatically matched and conducted. otherwise, data owner will receive request and proceed with request approval method. designated receiving gateway and transfer payment the data owner's wallet. generate store data query meta data owner data buyer payment payment data exchange ask smart contract bids transactions block block block block example date exchange process smart contract template and audit the system will developed and maintained the carblock team and ecosystem partners. since the owner's privacy protected, the owner's personal information (name, contact details, etc.) will not sent the data user, any transactions between the data owner and the business must occur carblock. there will more complicated usage scenarios that requires various follow-up steps such "quote" and "digital contract". for example, insurance company wants provide accurate auto insurance offer for california car owner, after sending the data the receiving gateway, the smart contract will wait and get accurate offer from the insurance company and send the car owner. the owner agrees, some kind incentives will automatically transferred the insurance company pay for the insurance and both parties will complete the digital contract. since smart contracts are open source code running the carblock platform, possible ensure security though lots means (such "code review", etc.), and believe that the future inevitable that this platform will become more and more trusted the public, extending from data services subsequent business services, and with the addition more ecological partners, have more diverse and booming usage scenarios. data security can not stress enough the important data security. have taken thorough data storage security the ipfs layer, carbock will use proxy re-encryption[] implement data encryption and access control. when the raw data stored into ipfs, will further divided into two parts: the encrypted string for the random key (edek) and the data encrypted with key shown the following gure: random key edek public key encypted key secret key ipfs plain text cypher text encrypt data save ipfs data transaction security when data demander wants access and decrypt the data, needs initiate request the data provider. the data provider agrees, will send rekey the proxy. this scenario, there can also some third-party services, such verifying the identity requester, providing access log service, and on, which will not further discussed here. res--r=rekey(sk s,pkr proxy pkr sender receiver edek ipfs data user requests access decrypt data next, the data demander will initiate request proxy, and get rekey-ed edek copy. together with the private key, the data demander can now decrypt and access the raw data. dek decr ypt (sk ,edek') res--r edek proxy edek' decr ypt (dek,c) receiver edek' reencrypt(re s--r ,edek) edek ipfs sender data user decrypts data working with proxy with proxy re-encryption, can achieve one-time data encryption multiple-times authorizations, and ensure that: only the authorized party can use its own key decrypt and access the original data; all data; and fortunately, there already implementation proxy re-encryption the decentralized world nucypher kms[]. the carblock team can thus use the existing services and further ease the whole development process. privacy protection module the privacy mask, part carblock's privacy protection module, designed manage the sharing connected car data. provides data encryption and protection users' private data. believe that the data belongs the data provider (car owner) and that access this data must authorized the provider. this authorization process can found the request approval model and the authorization rules model. confusing strategy: connect different stage the trip with different order. blur strategy: within the range position accuracy, the offset processing for the geographical position and blur the exact position. random strategy: within the scope time accuracy, randomize the order the logs. raw data owner setting filter layer privacy mask while also allowing users disclose more data will help further future transportation applications. copyright protection based data watermarking technology data leakage unlawful data resale may occur after the data transaction information directly into the data, which has impact the use value the data, through these hidden information, the purpose anti-counterfeiting and copyright protection realized. present, the most common watermarking algorithms for relational databases big data are: using the error tolerance numerical data, randomly select unimportant locations numerical data, embedding small amount watermark information based the statistical characteristics the data set, will sort out different data set construct subset, and use the continuous sequence data the basic unit the embedded watermark. our watermarking algorithms will based these common algorithms and make our own optimizations: will implement various algorithms according the distinct characteristics the transportation data. for instance, the watermark information generation and embedding methods will different for location-based driving track data and sensor-based engine data better conceal the watermark information. add watermark information multiple dimensions improve the robustness part the watermark data itself encrypted and confused, ensuring the security the watermark information itself. present, there are various methods removing and destroying watermarks emerge the market. the attacker and the watermark algorithm designer are also constantly competing with each other. the carblock security team will continue develop higher quality watermark algorithm ensure data security. disclaimer this document only for conveying information and does not constitute opinion the transaction project shares securities. any proposal request for offer such effect will made under credible terms accordance with the permission applicable security laws and other related laws. the above information analysis does not constitute any investment decision concrete advice. this document does not constitute any investment proposal, investment intent investment solicitation securities. this document does not constitute and shall not construed transaction offer invitation transact any form securities, neither contract promise any form. purpose only represent the industrial average, and not constitute guarantee for the result user's participation. carblock clearly states that users with relevant intent shall have clear knowledge knowledge and acceptance the project risks, and are willing personally take responsibility for all corresponding results consequences. carblock clearly states that will not take responsibility for any direct indirect losses arising from the participation the carblock project, including: (i) reliability all information provided this document; (ii) any resulting mistake, negligence, information inaccuracy; (iii) any subsequent behavior. reference