--- program overview.................................................................................................. background introduction...................................................................................... development history caribbean free trade zone..................................................... existing advantages and new challenges...................................................................... embracing blockchain digital economy.......................................................................... caribbean blockchain payment infrastructure................................................. carinet (financial chain) and national data nodes....................................................... blockchain digital payment infrastructure.................................................................. the caribbean digital finance infrastructure................................................. caribbean blockchain special economic zone............................................................. blockchain cross-border payment system................................................................... blockchain digital financial service.............................................................................. caribbean blockchain intelligent international trading platform.............. current status and defects international trading market...................................... solutions for blockchain technical defects.................................................................. rights token......................................................................................................... intro rights token............................................................................................... team and cooperative partner.......................................................................... core team...................................................................................................................... cooperative partner...................................................................................................... disclaimer liability and risk factors............................................................ disclaimer liability................................................................................................... risk factors................................................................................................................... program overview caribbean area the largest tax-avoidance offshore financial center. applying favorable policies financial service field, the area has made great achievements developing offshore banking, trust, insurance, funds and other offshore financial institutions. space for the development traditional tax-haven offshore financial centers being squeezed with international crackdown tax avoidance. however, fast development blockchain technology and digital finance have become the new engine for financial industry development caribbean area. carinet project digital finance and free trade system for the caribbean area, initiated the caribbean free trade zone. the project will establish blockchain payment and digital finance infrastructures, construct blockchain intelligent international trading platform and attract blockchain industry companies' registration. will enable the caribbean area become global digital financial center and free trade zone the new era, and create new power for economic growth within the area. complete the construction digital finance and free trade system, the caribbean free trade zone will complete the task within three phases: phase establish infrastructure for caribbean blockchain payment improve local digital payment facilities: complete the development carinet (financial chain) and national data node; develop and popularize digital wallet, atm and pos for digital assets caribbean area. phase develop the caribbean free trade zone digital financial infrastructure. provide regulation certificates for caribbean digital finance attractglobal blockchain industry into the region; establish blockchain cross-border payment system; initiate blockchain digital finance service based blockchain cross-border payment system. phase establish the blockchain intelligent international trading platform, creating free, fair, transparent international trading environment, providing service for global trading companies digital finance industry with blockchain crossborder payment system, and attracting more trading companies enter the caribbean free trade zone. background introduction development history caribbean free trade zone carifta was founded antigua and barbuda, barbados, and guyana december with the signing the dickenson bay agreement (the agreement establishing the caribbean free trade association). they were later joined caribbean countries that had recently become independent. carifta was intended unite these economies and give them joint presence the international scene. specifically, carifta was intended encourage balanced development the region providing free trade: increasing trade: buying and selling more goods among the member states. diversifying trade: expanding the variety goods and services available for trade. liberalizing trade: removing tariffs and quotas goods produced and traded within the area. ensuring fair competition: setting rules for all members follow protect the smaller enterprises. the eighth heads government conference carifta held april the decision establish the caribbean community was brought fruition. july all members carifta had signed the treaty chaguaramas become full members caricom. aug caricom was officially established and replaced carifta. the newly-built caribbean community aimed economic cooperation within caribbean mutual market and collaboration within the field healthcare, education, culture, communication and manufacturing industry. source: caribbeanelections.com member states and associate members caricom aug antigua and barbuda launch the initiation caribbean free trade zone, aimed establishing professional free trade zones within caribbean community member states, order attract foreign direct investment and build top-tier economic zone among the caribbean area. caribbean free trade zone investment company was proposed the caribbean community, approved antigua and barbuda management committe free trade and processing and participated multiple caribbean community organizations. capital the zone was invested companies focusing caribbean free trade zone investment the international industry zones. the target the company fund for and build free trade zones with local characters among the caribbean states, with total investment totaling billion and total development area square kilometers. source: caribbeanelections.com map caribbean free trade zone members three characters caribbean free trade zoneinclude: comprehensive ftz: caribbean free trade zone one the most typical comprehensive free trade zones. such ftzs combines its unique location advantages with shipping, trans-trading and logistics, order evolve into higher additional value, better human capital and more technical intense industry areas, gaining diversified functions global logistics management. free capital flow: caribbean free trade zone, most countries adopt easy, free financial and monetary policies with little foreign exchange regulations, having restrictions company capital, earnings, interests and dividends. some free trade zones allow offshore financial services well forex exchanging services towards non-citizens. local financial supervision authorities have regulations towards financial services within the zone towards legal reserves, deposit insurance, interest rates, exchange rates and forex transaction: full principles natural treatment are adopted towards foreign investments with restrictions ownership, stockholding ratio and business scope. high staff mobility: most zones adopt convenient entry policy including temporary resident permit, provisional and permanent pass, landing visa and visa exemption policies, especially for those who enter free trade zones for business. most region also relax the conditions for talents employment with nationality restriction, order provide special preferential policies attract foreign highlevel professionals. existing advantages and new challenges the caribbean free trade zone the global largest offshore financial center. with stable political environment and tax shelter policies financial markets, member states caribbean free trade zone has provided offshore companies with numerous favorable treatments, making the caribbean area reputational offshore financial market. antigua and barbuda: largest global registration address for offshore gambling industry, providing easing industry regulations and best trading transfer station. british virgin island: largest global registration address for offshore companies, funds and family offices, with total amount investment surpassing the amount towards china from us, japan, german, and korea. has become the second largest source for china attract foreign investment, and its actual usage foreign investment only inferior that hongkong. the bahamas: global largest registration address for offshore international bank, with more than banks and other financial institutions registered and operating the bahamas islands. cayman islands: world's largest registration address for listed companies. has become the fifth largest financial center, after new york, london, tokyo and hong kong. bermuda: world's largest offshore insurance registration address, about third world's total amount accident reinsurance. finance and tourism have been the pillar industries the bermuda islands. grenada: famous offshore financial center, the best place for entrepot trade from us. have access for immigration. international offshore companies chose the caribbean free trade zone for the following reasons: easing and open financial policies: the caribbean area has grown into international offshore financial center for both the instability international market and the openness local financial industry towards global capital. better adjust the demand international financial development and expand local financial industry, the caribbean area has been adopting easing regulation policies. therefore, for years the local policies financial service have make great achievements the development banking, trust, insurance, offshore companies and other institutions. low information disclosure, strict stipulations confidentiality: key offshore financial centers within the caribbean area have applied very beneficial confidentiality stipulations international business companies registered locally, such issuance non-registered stocks, requirements compulsory shareholder and director information recordings, and necessary records requirements local economic activities. low tax and access for double taxation avoidance: the caribbean offshore financial center impose low taxation all sorts international business corporations, and almost every offshore financial center has signed treaties with leading economies avoid double taxation. loose requirements corporate governance: annual general stockholders and board meeting offshore companies are not compulsory. stockholders have options for the location general stockholder meeting, and most offshore financial centers have minimum capital requirements international offshore business companies. convenient registration procedure and low maintenance costs: registration procedure for offshore companies are very simple, with room for professional registration agencies providing proxy services. registrants can complete the process online, and registration period time-efficient with most completed within hours. however, ever since subprime crisis the international call for financial regulation revolution has been fierce. under such regulation tide, it's inevitable that multiple countries and regions within the caribbean area affected. even possible modify existing loose regulation terns into meeting international requirements, the caribbean area's advantage offshore financial market will lost. according imf research data, total asset amount international offshore financial center has surpassed the economic aggregate france, german and japan, well multiple times other major economies such china. from one hand, this has enhanced the key importance international offshore financial center global capital investment flow; from the other hand, well has reinforced the regulation requirements oecd and international offshore financial center. addition, due the inevitable competition, the advantage caribbean area offshore financial market will adversely affected. with continuous advance financial globalization, the increasing liberalization onshore financial center are imposing underlying effects the comparable advantage offshore financial center system. most small offshore financial centers run their own local island economies, and their mini scales are unable attract large financial business into their separate precincts. therefore, difficult for them breed massive international financial market with high liquidity securities, financial derivatives and other products that can show the development trend financial industry. embracing blockchain digital economy traditional tax havens have been adversely affected the further crackdown global finance tax avoidance, therefore squeezing the living space financial industry within caribbean area. exploring consensus mechanism, decentralized distributed storage and cryptographic computations and intelligent contract,blockchain technology making continuous discovery and innovation, revolutionizing the international financial infrastructure, and promoting the development caribbean financial industry. financial policies within north america have been strict and conservative, whereas the legal tenders numerous countries within south america are infamous for their instability. the connection between north and south america, the caribbean area has developed its unique, flexible policies, gaining the area large development advantage using its great geographic position. geographic location caribbean area caribbean region has always been push global digital technology development, massive high-tech companies have established offshore firms, order acquire local policies and regulations beneficial industry development. caribbean region has the world's most advanced ecological chain system, providing massive service basis for blockchain talents. many caribbean countries have proposed supportive attitude towards blockchain and digital cryptocurrencies, planning realize economic transform through blockchain and other revolutionary technologies, transit from tax havens blockchain and cryptocurrencies heaven, creating global-leading blockchain industrial ecosphere and international blockchain special zone. feb the caribbean free trade zone officially launched the strategic plan for blockchain special economic zone. within this special economic zone, companies can apply for financial license for digital cryptocurrencies and take more preferential taxing policies. all the blockchain companies will enjoy tax-free policies (including corporate income tax and value-added tax), and these companies' blockchain assets will well receive legislative protections. the era global blockchain development, the caribbean region continuous sending out strong competitive advantage compared switzerland and singapore where regulation are becoming stricter. caribbean blockchain payment infrastructure phase one job content: complete the construction carinet (financial chain) and national data nodes; issue the caribbean free trade zone official digital token based carinet; develop and spread pos machines and atms among member states caribbean free trade zone resolve the problems weak local digital payment facilities. carinet (financial chain) and national data nodes carinet financial chain) the blockchain infrastructure developed for caribbean digital finance and free trade zone. focuses the fields financial and trading, and real-name authentication will applied online users. the carinet designed with the following technical specifications: distributed storage: digital information will mutually recorded multiple nodes distributed different areas, and each the notes will keep complete data record, avoiding possibility full control single node fake data record due bribery. consensus mechanism: consensus will reached among all data storage nodes cognize the validity record. such approach applied for both cognization and tamper-avoidance. smart contract: automatically proceed with contracts. third-party institution needed during the process, therefore increase contract execution efficiency and reduce expenses. every counterparty stakeholder will unable take full control alter related assets, ensuring the reliability and safeness the contract. trusted mechanism: carinet applies real-name registration system solve trusted authentication, guaranteeing privacy through modified pseudonym and access control, butt-join authorized identity authentication (e.g., eid multidimensional authentication) enhance the security identity. carinet will charge the digital asset issuance and transaction data information recordings, and its side chain will function the major network for caribbean pirates blockchain intelligent international trading platform. these technologies above are fundamental elements for well performance caribbean free trade zone digital token, infrastructure caribbean area digital payment and finance, well the blockchain intelligent international trading platform. fifteen member-states caribbean free trade zones will function national data nodes participate and guide the operation blockchain data distributed storage and blockchain community building. the key importance national data nodes supervise and promote the well application digital assets, track digital asset transaction records, and avoid digital asset from being applied illegal transactions. blockchain digital payment infrastructure apart from issuing official digital tokens, the caribbean free trade zone will construct digital payment system based blockchain technology for member states, including blockchain digital wallets and atm for digital assets based carinet. this satisfy demand for convenient payment demand originated from daily commercial activities, and will become the prerequisite for constructing digital finance infrastructure for the caribbean free trade zone. blockchain digital wallet will applied the storage, management and transaction digital assets. users can take full control their own digital assets, and the application and management barrier using digital tokens will greatly reduced, effectively promoting the flexible application digital assets. transactions through digital wallets will become major digital payment approach within the caribbean area. digital asset atm the equipment for offline digital asset withdrawal, payment and transaction. users can exchange between blockchain digital assets and legal tender member states, buy digital assets through legal currencies, and have access multiple security protection mechanisms based encryption algorithm and digital cipher code, protecting the asset safety users. digital asset pos machine multifunctional device connected directly blockchain aimed satisfying the mobile payment demand. users can apply digital tokens complete payment various consuming places make financial deals retail outlets. will accelerate the development non-cash payment environment caribbean zone. digital asset atm and pos machine can applied daily life scenes, such consuming restaurants, cafeterias, bars and other locations, well marketplaces, office buildings and communities and other public areas. diagrammatic sketch digital asset atm tourism the pillar industry countries within the caribbean zone. according report from the caribbean tourism organizations, the number tourists visiting the caribbean zone has reached million, with yoy growth .%, keeping consecutive growth over seven years and again surpassed the global tourism average growth for the third year. the proportion visitors the caribbean zone global tourists .%, with another percent increase. tourists visiting carribean islands through cruise ships has reached million, with yoy growth and proportion global cruise-ship visitors. within the caribbean zone, the dominican republic, virgin islands and grenada have attracted most cruise visitors with two-digit growth rate; belize has attracted more than one million cruise tourists, becoming the eighth tourist destination that has reached the number. the caribbean area weak internet mobile payment infrastructure. most local citizens fail meet the prerequisite entering banking industry, with about caribbean citizens have bank accounts. digital payment system based blockchain technology will provide feasible opportunity better financial services for the caribbean countries, establishing new economic growth point. meanwhile, introducing blockchain digital payment system into tourism, the caribbean nations can assist its local companies constrained usa attain currency reserves based east caribbean dollars (xcd) and usd. the caribbean digital finance infrastructure having completed phase job contents, technical preparations corresponding the caribbean digital finance infrastructure will initiated. working contents within the second phase will constructing the digital finance infrastructure for caribbean free trade zone. will based the caribbean free trade zone official digital token, aimed establishing blockchain special economic zone, providing blockchain digital financial service, constructing blockchain cross-border payment system, and attracting international blockchain industry locate within the caribbean free trade zone. caribbean blockchain special economic zone the caribbean free trade zone now developing caribbean blockchain special economic zone. the blockchain special economic zone will provide digital finance regulation certificate service the companies registered the zone, well attract global blockchain-relevant industry locate within. the caribbean blockchain special economic zone born with the following characters: friendliest blockchain community: the caribbean free trade zone now assisting member states initiate blockchain-related legislations, granting licenses for digital asset exchanges, issuing official digital tokens and establishing official digital asset exchanges, order make the caribbean free trade zone the worlds top blockchain economic zone. blockchain programs and enterprise cluster: the caribbean free trade zone has attracted tens blockchain projects and companies establish global headquarters foundations through digital asset operation licenses, blockchain ico certificates and zero tax rate policies. blockchain investment funds cluster: the caribbean free trade zone the world's largest offshore financial centers, tens thousands and funds have gathered virgin islands and cayman islands, member states caribbean free trade zone. the caribbean free trade zone has become the world's largest blockchain investment fund cluster. digital asset exchanges cluster: the caribbean free trade zone has attracted digital assets exchanges locate within the area through issuing licenses. estimate that, the end about digital asset exchanges will gather within the zone, becoming the world's largest digital asset exchange cluster. digital token mines cluster: the caribbean free trade zone now investing build digital token mines with total more than one million servers quebec province canada and washington d.c. usa, gradually forming the world's largest digital token mines cluster. blockchain cross-border payment system far, the widely-accepted cross-border payment system composed banks, regional clearing centers, central bank clearance systems, overseas agent banks, overseas central bank clearance systems and international card associations. these intermediate institutions have formed sophisticated hierarchical system. since the traditional cross-border payment system has long exchange routine and needs through multiple institutions, the transaction speed slow with high cost. within the international payment system, large amounts are delayed, and the system general challenged with credit, liquidity and operational risks, well credit card fraud and other non-systematic risks. blockchain technology principles and application architectures have huge differences with traditional centralized accounting system. has fundamentally changed the payment system structure, eliminated the intermediate institutions between payment participants and realized point-to-point payments directly. blockchain digital financial service fast development financial industry has been promoting, pushing and stimulating international trading, and, vise versa, international trading will adjust accumulation financial capital, formulate financial policies, and adjust financial industries. with the globalization economies, relationship between the financial industry and international trading will certain move further, and mutual influence will well enhanced. modern financial market infrastructure has provided relatively stable and reliable infrastructure and environment for global financial market, yet still has some limitations: today's financial market composed diverse different layers participants, forming complicated network. its business procedures and relevant technical systems are also very complicated, combined with numerous manual procedure processes. every participant needs preserve and protect its own, unique database, every change transaction data needs notice stakeholders and balance the account between different systems. there are gaps between transaction, clearance, mortgage, capital and asset management systems. these are built between different historical periods and broadly accepted standards. cross system maneuverability limited. limitations financial market infrastructure prolongs the settlement periods, increase the backstage processing costs, well increasing the financial market costs general. general leger record transactions, blockchain entirely different from traditional centralized, stratified transaction processing and clearing methods. blockchain's unique technical characters can used disperse some intermediate procedures and realize point-to-point direct transaction, simplifying business procedures, shorten transaction cycle, and effectively lower risks, increase efficiency and cut costs. caribbean blockchain intelligent international trading platform having completed work from first and second phases, the technical preparation work caribbean blockchain intelligent international trading platform will completed synchronously; meanwhile, digital financial service will applied attract international trading business the seed users caribbean blockchain international trading platform, and initiate the works for phasethree. job contents for phase three: establish blockchain intelligent international trading platform, construct free, fair and transparent international trading environment, provide digital financial industry chain service for international trading companies, and attract more companies into the caribbean free trade zone. current status and defects international tradingmarket international trade has existed throughout history, and most countries such trade represents significant share gdp. during the years before digital era, traditional foreign trade export has been under the influence sluggish growth labor force, resource and other factors, slowing down the speed global trade gdp growth almost under such background, internet featuring globalization and low cost gave rise the cross-border commerce meet demands. relying their internet and logistics system, giant e-commerce companies such alibaba and amazon led another tide improvement: since global trading gdp started speed up, but became more vulnerable the international economy shocks, during the financial crises and the growth fell near below zero, and did not return positive growth ever since. global trading gdp and its yoy growth even are stepping into the era, still witness slow-down global trading. three major issues have prevented the market from development: flow info: traditional centralized e-commerce platform determined what its business model like. the centralization reveals not only the approach data storage, but also the direction resource flow. the platform takes full control the trading market, absorbs the sellers' share benefit and leads high marketing costs sellers. flow logistics: one the important characters international logistics the differences between logistic systems, specifically between their soft environments. compared national logistics, logistics across the globe have wide differences physic environment, logistic system, information system and standardization environments. unable make accurate logistics information tracking will seriously affect the business synergy between buyers and sellers. flow fund: far, there are four categories participants the crossborder market: bank cable transfer, professional remittance companies,) international credit card payment, third-party cross-border payment. these traditional cross-border payment systems are time-consuming and expensive, which greatly increase international trading costs. sum up, under e-commerce background, global small and middle-sized enterprises' benefits are yet protected, and the whole international trading system also facing challenges from flow information, funds and logistics. solution these problems are serious demand. solutions for blockchain technical defects caribbean pirates blockchain intelligent international trading platform ecommerce platform focused cross-border business. initiated caribbean free trade zone, based ewtp (electronic world trade platform) and set its marketspace towards the trillion market international trading. the caribbean pirates platform makes full advantage blockchain and technology, and will collaborate widely with world congress free trade zones, world blockchain organization (wbo) and other international institutes. blockchain cross border payment system and digital financial service will assist the development blockchain intelligent international trading platform, mutually solving the three major problems international trading: diagrammatic sketch caribbean pirates business model based ewtp ecology infrastructure framework, has established new business ecologic system more suitable cross-border trading environment, including: technical layer: make advantage artificial intelligence and blockchain technology including encryption algorithm, consensus mechanism, point-to-point network and smart contract, and collaborate with cloud computing, big data, internet things, intelligence services and other service providers. service layer: provide services related cross-border platform, connect logistics service among free trade zones, enable blockchain cross-border transaction service. rules layer: complete business synergies both parties payment and logistics through intelligent contracts, and using blockchain data establish credit system and aslo collaborate with all kinds relevant institutions and organizations, together formulate and implement rules for the platform. business ecology diagrammatic sketch blockchain intelligent international trading platform applying blockchain and artificial intelligence the base layer supply transaction deal-making and settlement system, caribbean pirates platform realizes consideration serial performance, parallel performance, low delay, upgrading maintenance, bug repair and low threshold, well self-upgrading: intellectual transaction deal-making: share transaction data across the net realize tamper-resistance, apply ensure highly-efficient matching buyers and sellers, reduce marketing costs sellers, and improve the marginal benefits both parties; intellectual transaction procedures: apply intelligent contract finish business synergy both parties, weaken the effect third-party intermediary, and avoid the credit risks both parties executing transactions; traceable transaction information: utilize distributed storage and consensus mechanism store and trace transaction data, prevent wash sales international transaction, and realize long-term sustainable development the platform; realize instant cross-border payment: use caribbean free trade zone official digital cryptocurrency (caricoin) finish instant, cost-efficient cross-border payment. rights token intro rights token caribbean digital finance and free trade system adopts the caribbean pirates token (a.k.a. cit) the rights token within the system. within the whole platform, the value holding cit tokens hidden within the four aspects below: platform services: allow users fully enjoy store-opening, credit-rating and other services provided the platform, and pay for the lowlevel commission fee the platform. node reward: when signing customized intelligent contract and record important data the blockchain, both buyers and sellers will pay cit tokens the data node holder, order attract more data nodes the procedure data storage and certification. the total number cit token ,,,, which will not increase later. all coins will allocated follows: token offering: sales open investors, providing funds for the construction, extension, operation and other development procedures for the caribbean pirates platform. ecological construction: when users participate the cross-border system portion the cit tokens will granted for free, promoting the construction blockchain cross-border payment system; strategic reserve: maintained the preserved fund for program development; founding team: released founding team reward the contributions they made the program; strategic advisor: issued the strategic advisors return for resource supplement early stages. community reward: reward the community activity participants the community activity fund. team and cooperative partner core team charles xue early investor and chairman the most famous angel investor china, wall street wellknown chinese investors co-founder utstarcom, chairman the board directors. served chairman cc.com and chairman xue.zhizhjw.net. investment the project including pcopp, autohome, xueqiu.com, .com, flamingo, ibokan wisdom, iyooyoo. frank zheng early investor and consultant secretary-general the world blockchain organization, president the caribbean institute blockchain industry, director the caribbean free trade zone and director blockchain regulators. leads the design, investment and construction the official digital asset exchange the caribbean free trade zone, dominates the design, investment and construction the largest digital currency mine north america. vere hill ceo honor member cba, mba howard university, ceo cub, coo global commerce bank, manager ubs. hugh v.jarvis coo ceo iseed sowers investors and developers co.ltd.; regional partner sde energy co.ltd; chairman, ceo ssi&d co.ltd tilmar w.goos marketing consultant goose&goose consultant; founder twg international ltd.; program manager about asia; manager and consultant p.p trading b.v. crm susan wang cfo co-founder, and board director the parent company hengji limagrain seed co., ltd, monitor deloitte consulting, strategy operation. she led the team serve the industry leading corporations china and global mncs. maggie may director secretary the wbo international relations department the world blockchain organization, vice president the caribbean institute blockchain industry. frankie van/cto ibm global solution center technical director, once worked saic general motors, china guodian corporation, xinao group and china national nuclear corporation cooperative partner caribbean blockchain research institute world class blockchain industry development platform. launched the caribbean free trade zone, and aimed creating world's leading blockchain industrial ecology system. world blockchain organization (wbo) nongovernmental organization (ngo) registered united nation department economic and social affairs (undesa). aims building world leading blockchain industry biosphere and promoting popularization, promotion, application and other social commonweal activities blockchain across the world. national academy artificial intelligence non-profit, non-party organization established and international universities, research institutes, national labs and business companies with more than institutions across the globe. greenfield capital group the world's leading free trade biosphere maker, aimed consulting, land reserve, investing and developing, operating, managing and other global investment and offshore financial services across world free trade zone. international non-profit organization, the world congress free trade zones will focus free trading, promote profound collaboration among free trade zones, discover synergy among national free trade zones, and develop into special consulting agency unesco. tai silicon valley laboratory (tai lab) was established silicon valley the united states and has large number core intellectual property rights. with the mission "scientific investment banking".tai lab's core team has provided blockchain-related professional advice and solutions for number fortune companies, technology unicorns, multinational government agencies, industry alliances, and financial institutions since and has hatched many successful blockchain projects. member states caribbean free trade zone antigua and barbuda bahamas baarbados belize bermuda british virgin islands cayman islands dominica grenada jamaica montserrat saint lucia saint kitts and nevis trinidad and tobago disclaimer liability and risk factors disclaimer liability carinet does not make, and hereby disclaims, any representation warranty with respect cit (such merchantability fitness for particular purpose), except those expressly specified herein. each purchaser's decision participate the purchase any cit shall made based his/her own knowledge cit and the information disclosed this whitepaper. without prejudice the generality the foregoing, each purchaser will, upon the launch cit and accept cit "as is" basis, irrespective the technical specifications, parameters, performance function thereof. carinet hereby expressly disclaims its liability and shall case liable any person, for: any person's purchase cit violation any anti-money laundering, counter-terrorism financing other regulatory requirements that are imposed any jurisdiction; any person's purchase cit violation any representation, warranty, obligation, covenant other provision under this whitepaper and the resulting failure inability make his/her payment claim relevant purchasedcit; early termination the cit crowd-sale for any reason; failure abortion the exchange development and resulting failure deliver the exchange delay rescheduling cit development and resulting failure meet any anticipated milestone; any error, bug, flaw, defect otherwise the source code the exchange; any malfunction, breakdown, collapse, rollback hard forking cit the blockchain ethereum; failure cit meet any specific purpose unfitness for any specificuse; utilization the proceeds raised through the cit crowd-sale; failure timely and completely disclose any information relating the development cit; any purchaser's divulgence, loss destruction the private key his/her crypto-currency crypto-token wallet (inter alia, the private key the cit wallet used that purchaser); any default, breach, infringement, breakdown, collapse, service suspension interruption, fraud, mishandling, misconduct, malpractice, negligence, bankruptcy, insolvency, dissolution winding-up any third party crowdfunding portal cit; any difference, conflict contradiction between this whitepaper and agreement between any purchaser and any third party crowdfundingportal; trading speculation cit anyperson; listing delisting cit from any exchange; cit being classified treated any government, quasi-government, authority public body kind currency, securities, commercial paper, negotiable instrument, investment otherwise that may banned, regulated subject certain legal restrictions; any risk factors disclosed this whitepaper and any damage, loss, claim, liability, punishment, cost other adverse impact that caused by, associated with, connection with, incidental consequential that risk factor. risk factors carinet believes that there are numerous risks involved the development, maintenance and running cit, many which are beyond the control carinet. each cit purchaser should peruse, comprehend and consider carefully the risks described below addition the other information stated herein before deciding participate the cit crowd-sale campaign. each cit purchaser should pay particular attention the fact that, while carinet established the republic singapore, cit lie cyberspace only without physical presence and hence not fall within pertain any specific jurisdiction. participating the cit crowd-sale campaign shall action based upon prudent decision and will deemed the relevant cit purchaser having been fully aware and agreed take all the risks below. termination the campaign the cit crowd-sale campaign may early terminated, case which purchaser may only refunded with part his/her payment result the bitcoin ether price volatility and/or the expenses incurred carinet. insufficient information availability cit and its application are the stage development the date this whitepaper and its philosophy, consensus mechanism, algorithm, code and other technical specifications and parameters could updated and changed frequently and constantly. while this whitepaper has contained the then up-to-date key information cit, not absolutely complete and subject adjustments and updates that carinet might make from time time for certain purposes. carinet not position, nor obliged, keep the purchasers closely posted every detail cit development (including its progress and expected milestones matter whether rescheduled not) and therefore will not necessarily provide the purchasers with timely and full access all the information relating cit that may emerge from time time. the insufficiency information disclosure inevitable and reasonable. regulatory measures crypto-tokens are being, may be, overseen the regulatory authorities various jurisdictions. carinet may receive queries, notices, warnings, requests rulings from one more regulatory authorities from time time, may even ordered suspend discontinue any action connection with the campaign. the development, marketing, promotion otherwise the cit crowd-sale campaign may seriously affected, hindered terminated result. and since regulatory policies could change from time time, existing regulatory permission tolerance the cit crowd-sale campaign any jurisdiction could just temporary. cit could defined from time time virtual commodity, digital asset even securities currency various jurisdictions and therefore could prohibited from being traded held certain jurisdictions pursuant local regulatory requirements. cryptography cryptography evolving and cannot guarantee absolute security all times. advances cryptography, such code cracking, technical advances such the development quantum computers, could present risks all cryptography-based tokens including cit. this could result the theft, loss, disappearance, destruction devaluation the cit held any person. reasonable extent, carinet will prepared take proactive remedial steps update the protocol underlying cit. response any advances cryptography and incorporate additional reasonable security measures where appropriate. the future cryptography security innovations unpredictable while carinet will try its best accommodate the continuing changes the domains cryptography andsecurity. development failure abortion cit still the process development, rather than finished product ready launch. due the technological complexity the cit system, carinet could faced with unforeseeable and/or insurmountable difficulties from time time. accordingly, the development cit and its use cases, such exchanges and user adoptions, could fail abort any time for any cause (including insufficiency funds). the development failure abortion would result non-availability the purchased cit for crowd-sale any purchaser. theft crowd-sale proceeds there may attempts steal the crowd-sale proceeds received carinet (including the fiat currency amount converted therefrom). such theft attempted theft may affect the ability carinet fund the development cit. while carinet will adopt cutting-edge technical solutions keep the crowd-sale proceeds safe, certain cyber thefts could hardly unpreventable. flaws source code nobody can guarantee the source code cit flaw-free. may contain certain flaws, errors, defects and bugs, which may disable some functionality for users, expose users' information otherwise. such flaws, any, would compromise the usability, stability, and/or security cit and consequently bring adverse impact the value cit. open source codes rely transparency promote community-sourced identification and solution problems within the code. carinet will work closely together with the cit community keep improving, optimizing and perfecting the source code cit onwards. permissioned, decentralized and autonomous ledger there are three prevailing categories distributed ledger adopted among the contemporary blockchain projects, namely, permissioned ledger, consortium ledger and private ledger. cit's underlying distributed ledger permissioned one, which means publicly accessible and useable everyone permission-free basis. while cit initially developed carinet, not owned, operated otherwise controlled carinet. the community cit which spontaneously formed and open, decentralized and admission-free, composed users, fans, developers, cit holders and other participants worldwide who are mostly not connected with carinet any manner. such community will decentralized and autonomous with regards the maintenance, governance and evolution cit while carinet will merely active player the community peer others without express implied authority, irrespective its earlier efforts and contributions the genesis cit. result, not the mercy carinet about how cit would governed evolve after its initial launch. update source code the source code cit open and could updated, amended, altered modified from time time any member the community cit. nobody able foresee guarantee the precise result update, amendment, alteration modification. result, any update, amendment, alteration modification could lead unexpected unintended outcome that adversely affects cit's operation cit's value. security weakness the blockchain cit rests open-source software and permissioned distributed ledger. regardless carinet's effort keep the cit system secure, anyone may intentionally unintentionally introduce weaknesses bugs into the core infrastructural elements cit which the security measures adopted carinet may unable prevent remedy. this may consequently result the loss cit any other digital tokens held purchaser. "distributed denial service" attack the ethereum designed public and permissioned and therefore may suffer cyber-attacks "distributed denial service" from time time. such attacks will adversely affect, stagnate paralyse the network the cit and accordingly render the transactions thereon delayed recorded included the blocks the ethereum blockchain even temporarily unable performed. insufficiency processing power the rapid growth cit will accompanied surge transaction numbers and demand processing power. the demand processing power outgrows how much the nodes the ethereum blockchain network can provide, the network cit could destabilized and/or stagnated and could lead fraudulent false transactions such "double-spending". the worse-case scenario, the cit held the purchasers could lost and rollback even hard forking the blockchain the ethereum could triggered. all these issues may harm the usability, stability and security cit and the value cit. unauthorized claim cit for crowd-sale any person who gains access the cit purchaser's registered email registered account deciphering cracking the purchaser's password will able claim the purchased cit for crowd-sale bad faith. such, the relevant purchased cit for crowd-sale may mis-sent the person whoever claims that the same through the purchaser's registered email registered account, which sending not revocable reversible. each cit purchaser shall take care the security his/her registered email and registered account throughout taking such actions as: (i) using highly secure password; (ii) refraining from opening responding any scam emails; and (iii) keeping strictly confidential all the secret personal information about himself/herself. private key cit wallet the loss destruction private key required access cit may irreversible. cit are controllable only possessing both the relevant unique public and private keys through the local online cit wallet. each purchaser required safeguard the private keys contained his/her own cit wallet(s). where such private key cit purchaser lost, missing, divulged, destroyed otherwise compromised, neither carinet nor anyone else will able help the purchaser access retrieve the related cit. popularity the value cit hinges the popularity the cit system. cit not expected popular, prevalent widely used directly after the launch. the worst-case scenario that cit may even remain marginalized the long run, appealing only minimal portion the users. contrast, significant portion cit demand could speculative nature. the lack users may result increasing volatility cit market price and consequently compromise cit's long-term development. carinet will not (nor has the responsibility to) stabilize otherwise affect cit market price there any such price. liquidity cit not currency issued any individual, entity, central bank national, supra-national quasi-national organisation, nor backed any hard assets other credit. the circulation and trading cit the market are not what carinet responsible for pursues. trading cit merely depends the consensus its value between the relevant market participants. nobody obliged redeem purchase any cit from any cit holder (including the purchasers). nor does anyone guarantee the liquidity market price cit any extent any time. divest his/her cit, cit holder would have locate one more willing buyers purchase the same mutually agreed price, which attempt could costly and time-consuming and does not necessarily bear fruit. and there could cryptocurrency exchange other marketplace having cit listed thereon for trading. price volatility cryptographic tokens, traded public markets, usually have extremely volatile prices. fluctuations price over short periods time frequently occur, which price may denominated bitcoin, ether, dollars any other fiat currency. such fluctuations could result from market forces (including speculations), regulatory changes, technical innovations, availability exchanges and other objective factors and represent changes the balance supply and demand. carinet not responsible for any secondary market trading cit matter whether not there would such markets for cit. therefore, carinet neither obliged tame the price volatility cit nor cares about that. the risks associated with cit trading price have taken the cit traders themselves. competition cit's underlying protocol based open-source computer software such that nobody claims copyright any other type intellectual property right the source code. result, anyone can legally copy, replicate, reproduce, engineer, modify, upgrade, improve, recode, reprogram otherwise utilize the source code and/or underlying protocol cit attempt develop competing protocol, software, system virtual platform virtual machine, which out carinet's control and may consequently compete with even overshadow overtake cit. carinet will case capable eliminating, preventing, restricting minimizing such competing efforts that aim contest with overtake cit.