connecting merchants consumers with blockchain whitepaper v.. carryprotocol.io table contents executive summary introduction offline commerce market every business has data silo problem marketing inefficient and lacks transparency consumers have control data coupon and point management hassle carry team's mission carry protocol carry protocol user scenario business flow ... payment ... branded tokens, loyalty point ... transaction data monetization ... branded tokens advertisement token model ... smart contract ... carry token: cre inflation and carry token pool ... branded tokens (bt) value-added service provider ... settlement service provider ... wallet service provider carryprotocol.io ... device provider ... advertising service provider value proposition ... consumer ... merchant ... advertiser partner company spoqa: flagship partner company strategy encourage participation partner companies ... rewards for device providers ... rewards for wallet service providers ... rewards for other partners token generation event (tge) token distribution use funds roadmap legal disclaimers legal statement restrictions distribution and dissemination disclaimer liability cautionary note forward-looking statements potential risks further information update advice contacts carryprotocol.io carryprotocol.io executive summary carry platform that connects offline merchants and consumers using blockchain. despite the rapid growth online and mobile commerce, consumption mostly still takes place offline. but the offline commerce market, even with its staggering market size trillion, still lags behind technology due the time and energy takes introduce and spread new technology. offline commerce has three major issues. first, merchants have little understanding their customers because customer data fragmented and incomplete. second, consumers have control over their data while corporations use and monetize this information. third, offline advertising outdated, lacking transparency and effectiveness. carry protocol aims resolve these problems with three objectives: provide platform for merchants understand their customers and communicate with them, enable consumers control their own transaction data and monetize the information, and offer new advertising channel that effective and transparent. the most crucial component realizing these objectives the team behind carry protocol, comprised the founding members spoqa. over the past years, they have grown dodo point into the number one tablet-based loyalty platform korea and japan, securing partner merchants with million customers and tracking over billion worth offline payment data annually. such accomplishments were achieved challenging offline environment, and the offline execution experience will one most valuable drivers success for the carry protocol. carry's flagship partner, spoqa will leverage its existing merchant and consumer base scale carry protocol into the market. this will give carry protocol competitive edge the market and help achieve faster application the real world. carry will also encourage participation various partners and offer fair rewards anyone who contributes the growth carry the earlier stage, including spoqa, thereby creating healthy ecosystem for merchants, partner companies, contributors and most importantly, everyday consumers. carryprotocol.io introduction offline commerce market online and mobile commerce markets have grown rapidly the recent years, but overall commerce remains dominated the trillion offline market. according study kearney, all retail spending american consumers took place offline stores, illustrating that people still spend most their money real brick-and-mortar stores. unsurprisingly, major online giants are making significant investments into offline businesses. amazon's billion acquisition whole foods reflects the strategic importance linking online with offline. this not just american phenomenon, with asian companies like alibaba and tencent also moving into offline with multibillion dollar purchases shopping centers and hypermarkets. every business has data silo problem relatively easy identify consumer data the online domain execute and track the effectiveness advertising. however, this more difficult the offline market because consumer data split between different players and cannot consolidated. figure illustrates instances how credit card transactions made store split between credit card companies (visa, mastercard, american express, etc.), merchants and y), and point-of-sales software companies and credit card companies know the customer, location, and transaction amount but not know what the customer purchased. the other hand, the merchants and point-of-sales software companies know what the customer purchased, location, and transaction amount but not the identities the customer. other words, each player can only access limited set data with none them having the complete picture. unless all these entities merge their split data, impossible have truly consolidated view offline transactions. seems unlikely for these players consolidate their data due competitive interests and antitrust and privacy regulations. thus, will difficult see completely comprehensive set data tracking offline purchasing behavior. https://www.statista.com/statistics//global-retail-sales/ kearney, "on solid ground: brick-and-mortar the foundation omnichannel retailing" carryprotocol.io figure typical transaction data ownership split marketing inefficient and lacks transparency marketing campaigns are usually conducted channels with large number consumers, allowing them charge massive fee based the sheer size their viewer base. but despite the high marketing costs, there way truly knowing how many people were exposed the how effective was. advertisers have choice but trust the results provided the channel. there are also very few channels with large consumer base, advertisers end relying few channel owners like facebook and google. offline merchants desiring different form marketing are left handing out flyers the streets. this form advertising lacks efficiency and has major disadvantage being untrackable. merchants pay hundreds thousands dollars distribute flyers the streets but have way knowing the campaign was effective driving real traffic and revenue. carryprotocol.io figure typical campaign facebook consumers have control data consumers have ownership control over their data. millions accounts equifax were exposed the hack, but consumers were left the mercy the data holding entities. beyond security, data often monetized without the knowledge consent the very people generating this data. when signing for new services, consumers typically pay attention terms that allow corporations use and monetize data, and agree these terms. for example, apple's itunes terms conditions nearly words long, the approximate length this paper, and the document renders users' data rights apple's discretion. the very consumers enabling data monetization are left out profits generated from their activities. coupon and point management hassle from consumer's standpoint, there are too many coupons manage offline. large number stores still use paper coupons, and many them end drawer somewhere beyond their expiration dates. even electronic coupons are managed separately different apps different stores and brands. although there are apps that consolidate coupons and points resolve this issue, still inconvenient for consumers use. the offline retail market subject the largest technological disruption. the carry team believes that the introduction blockchain technology and its innovative ecosystem the offline market will help overcome the above challenges and offer more benefits all participants. carryprotocol.io carry team's mission the carry team aspires innovate the offline commerce market using blockchain technology solve the aforementioned issues. based its experience conducting business the offline market and securing partner merchants with million consumers, the team wishes resolve the inefficiencies the offline domain through the following: provide platform for merchants understand their customers and communicate with them enable consumers control their own payment data and monetize the information offer new advertising channel that effective and transparent the carry team launching carry protocol successfully realize the three objectives defined above. the team will spare time build the carry protocol and begin spreading the existing merchant and customer base. the team will then build the carry ecosystem where can prosper together with its contributing participants. carryprotocol.io carry protocol carry protocol simple terms, carry platform that connects merchants and consumers using blockchain merchants and consumers are the most important participants the system and use carry protocol communicate and interact various ways. another participant the carry protocol advertisers, many whom are expected initially merchants the system. carry protocol comprises two major parts, each with two components first the blockchain itself that houses carry transaction database, and carry smart contracts, and second set apis that connect the blockchain third party software, including carry wallet api carry device api. carry transaction database refers the virtual database the blockchain where the transaction data generated and uploaded consumers. carry smart contract supports the issuance and use tokens (cre and bt) the carry protocol. carry wallet api enables wallet apps support carry protocol and lets consumers manage their cryptocurrency, control their transaction data privacy settings. carry device api api that allows devices the stores support carry protocol, and provides the function pay with cryptocurrency and sends payment data consumer's wallet. each the above will explained further detail. figure components carry protocol carryprotocol.io user scenario before providing detailed explanation the token mechanism for carry protocol, will share three general user scenarios that will aid understanding the carry protocol. table key definitions the scenario cre carry token (main token carry protocol) bryan's sandwich hypothetical restaurant, merchant user the carry platform bst bryan's sandwich branded tokens type created the carry platform) bird coffee hypothetical coffee shop bird coffee tokens bird coffee's branded tokens type created the carry platform) dewdrop beauty hypothetical large cosmetics company, advertiser the scenario scenario fiat payment and rewards customer view merchant view carol office worker and visits bryan's sandwich for lunch. after ordering her sandwich and fries, she gets ready pay. bryan merchant the carry protocol that owns sandwich store. she decides pay fiat with her credit card, instead using cryptocurrency like btc eth. bryan processes the transaction and asks carol, "would you like collect some points? give the money back the form our store's tokens (bst)." carol says "yes" and notices that the tablet facing her already awaiting for her phone number with the following message: "collect worth bst tokens!" carol inputs her phone number the tablet and collects the tokens. was very convenient because she didn't even have take out her phone from her pocket and open wallet app. bryan receives message his pos that confirms that worth bst has been sent. even though bryan offered points, happy because there higher chance that the customer will come back. the point just gave out actually has one-month expiration. carryprotocol.io she walks out, carol checks her wallet app and sees that her transaction data from bryan's sandwich there. transaction data consists the store's location, store type, anonymized store id, price, sku# and etc. carol decides share her transaction data carry blockchain, and opts-in receive ads. shortly after, carol rewarded cre for uploading her transaction data. scene targeted coupons and crypto payments customer view merchant view her wallet app, carol had previously agreed receive relevant ads from nearby coffee and dessert shops. bird coffee new coffee shop that has opened nearby carol's office. they are willing pay for advertisement attract new customers. having limited success with flyers, bird coffee decides join the carry protocol for advertisement. bird coffee signed with ad-company for its advertisement, and uses them send cre and bird coffee branded tokens the users who agreed receiving coupons. carol receives alert her wallet app: "bird coffee grand opening, free cup americano!" carol decides use the free coupon. she follows the google maps link the wallet app find bird coffee, and orders pretzel and her free coffee. they tell the customer that crypto payment also accepted, and that additional discount offered for cre payments. carol likes this idea and agrees pay cre, since she has recently collected lot cre. the tablet facing her generates unique qr, and carol scans using the wallet app her phone. cre deposited into the bird coffee's wallet. they can use this cre for more targeted marketing the carry system the future. just like before, carol receives bird coffee tokens for her purchase the store, and additional cre for sharing transaction data carry blockchain. carryprotocol.io scene targeted marketing third party customer view merchant view carol has previously agreed receive ads and even received some useful coupons. dewdrop beauty global cosmetics company. although their primary target women their they recently launched new cosmetics line for women their dewdrop decides not spend lot money advertising channels like facebook, and wants instead give the value directly the consumers. dewdrop buys worth cre advertise the carry system. based purchase behavior, they are able target middle high income women working seoul. carol about leave work when she receives message from dewdrop beauty: "come check out our pop-up store!" more importantly, she receives worth cre along with the message. carol decides not tonight, but considers checking out over the weekend with her friends. dewdrop happy because they were able identify their target consumers, and also save money keyword ads sponsored ads instead give that value directly the consumers. carryprotocol.io business flow figure business flow ... payment carry protocol's service begins when consumer buys goods services store and completes transaction, just carol did scene carry protocol supports fiat payments such credit card and cash, well cryptocurrencies making easy use for anyone. means payment description cryptocurrency addition cre and bt, carry protocol will also accept payments other cryptocurrencies such btc and eth. many merchants may reluctant accept cryptocurrencies over fiat money, creating the need for "settlement service provider" convert the cryptocurrency into fiat money for the merchant. anyone can become settlement service provider the carry protocol, and merchants can work with the settlement service provider their choice. merchants can also choose receive the cryptocurrency directly, which case they can collect the amount without the help settlement service provider. fiat (cash, credit card) for the time being, most consumers will likely pay fiat. these transactions undergo the same processes existing transactions, and therefore does not require any additional action the merchants. merchants must equipped with interactive device like tablet use carry protocol. most merchants already have pos (point-of-sales) device, which could itself function carry protocol device require separate device like the tablet. the device will send the transaction data from the pos the customer, and help the customer upload this data the blockchain. ... branded tokens, loyalty point merchants often provide loyalty points coupons customers way encourage return visits. carry protocol helps merchants this end providing tokens branded for each merchant. carryprotocol.io the above scene the worth bst that carol receives type the form loyalty points. the issued merchants and provided customers, regardless whether not the customer chooses upload the payment data the blockchain. the branded tokens act receivable issued the consumer the merchant, and thereby imposes obligation the merchant provide goods, services, other benefits accordingly. bts have number other properties and uses, which will detailed later. ... transaction data monetization after completing the transaction the store, consumers will receive the transaction data their wallet app. there are multiple ways receiving transaction data: one example entering their phone number the device was done scene another scanning the code from the device using the wallet app like scene the consumer can then decide whether not they upload the transaction data the blockchain. entirely the consumer whether upload the data not, part whole. carry protocol gives full authority the data the consumers realize its mission "consumer data ownership." even when the consumer chooses upload the transaction data, whether part whole, their privacy will protected through anonymity shield and data encryption. carry protocol gives consumers cre (pronounced "carry") reward for uploading their transaction data the blockchain, thereby encouraging more uploads. the cre given consumers will taken from the carry token pool built from the inflation the blockchain itself, elaborated later. ... branded tokens advertisement addition using loyalty system, described above .., can also used for advertisement. the bird coffee coupon that was given carol scene and the message from dewdrop beauty scene are all examples branded tokens used for advertisements. transaction data that stored the blockchain will likely used mostly for targeted advertisements. advertisers can process available data and narrow down consumers suitable their marketing needs target ads the carry protocol. the advertisers find difficult process the transaction data themselves, the "advertising service provider" can help them identify the right targets for their ads. advertisements are sent the form the carry protocol. based its property, the could coupon used the next visit simple display. the receiving end, consumers see the their wallet app the form bt. consumers can choose whether not they want receive ads configuring the setting, and even choose specific areas interest for ads (f&b, cosmetics, etc.). consumers that opt receive ads will also receive cre top the reward for exposure. consumers can set the minimum threshold for the level cre rewards, that (ads) carryprotocol.io only sent when certain number cre has been received mechanism protect themselves from indiscriminate ads spam. consumers are rewarded cre the advertiser for opting receive ads, which incentive that has been proven effective through number reward apps. from the advertiser's point view, the cost advertising has been minimized and instead given directly consumers for more effective form advertising lower cost. carry protocol also allows advertisers track the effectiveness their ads, typically done online advertisements. both the issuance and use branded tokens are traceable, making possible measure roas (return spend) and distinguishing from the traditional method handing out flyers. professional advertising businesses (dmp, etc.) combine existing data with carry protocol data, can expect see highly effective advertisements the offline market. most the advertisers will likely merchants carry protocol, but also expect see non-profit, government public enterprises, companies seeking improve their corporate image, and other advertisers who are not necessarily aiming sell products. media and researchers could also analyze carry protocol data for media coverage academic papers. carry protocol's data will have broad use wide range areas. carryprotocol.io token model ... smart contract the numerous features carry protocol can accessed through smart contract. the most basic and important function carry protocol, and merchants can issue various types through smart contract. carry will continue add more features, including store reviews, through smart contract. the entities using smart contract (mostly merchants) must stake certain amount cre carry protocol pay-as-you-go (in cre) for each use smart contract. staking fixed amount cre allows specified usage level for smart contract (i.e. number transactions per day). the daily usage exceeds the set level, the user must pay fee for each use cre. this because executing smart contract requires carry protocol's resources, which incurs cost. this also protects the system from attacks (abusing, dos attack, etc.) against the blockchain. the per-use fee for smart contract can set higher price point than the opportunity cost for cre stake, encouraging merchants and advertisers stake more cre. merchant wishes conduct more transactions than provided their cre stake, they can also offer perks and benefits other participants such their customers and have them deposit cre their behalf. ... carry token: cre cre the main token carry protocol. its various uses can summarized follows: uses description stake execute smart contract fixed amount cre stake per-use fee required use smart contract access various features carry protocol. reward exchange for advertisement cre must provided consumer, advertising service provider, wallet (app) service provider reward conduct ads carry protocol using its transaction data. means payment cre itself means payment and asset that can traded exchanges, and thus can used stores like any other cryptocurrency. inflation and carry token pool cre will subject inflation with the growth carry protocol, and such inflation will used reward consumers for uploading transaction data the blockchain mentioned above. since the growth carry protocol linked closely with the accumulation transaction data the blockchain, only makes sense for consumers reap some the benefits the very entity carryprotocol.io uploading the data. the inflation rate will also adjusted based assessment the value new transaction data compared the value accumulated transaction data. the value data calculated based not only the number transactions but also the detailed information within the transaction such date, sku# and more. mentioned above, cre stake per-use fee must made execute smart contract. the per-use fee, paid cre, accumulated the central cre pool the carry protocol. the cre pool where the cre from the per-use fee and the cre from inflation are located. when cre rewarded consumers for uploading transaction data, does not come directly from inflation but via the cre pool. figure carry token pool total cre issued cre issued inflation cre amount cre pool tokens staked execute smart contracts over specific time absolute value transaction data uploaded individual customer relative value transaction data uploaded individual customer inflation rate reward for each customer (content uploaded transaction data) over specific time period) min (specific time period, over time), over specific time period) max inflation rate) inflation rate can set over specific time period (not necessarily annually) max inflation rate not determined yet carryprotocol.io ... branded tokens (bt) token the blockchain that generated and issued through smart contract merchants advertisers the carry protocol. key element connecting merchants (advertisers) and consumers. can defined variety ways configuring its properties. for example, could given monetary value the equivalent cup coffee. could given expiration date that only valid for days, have interest rate. for the sake operational security, carry team will define the initial properties and protocol users will not able generate change them. the carry team will continue take into account the needs users and add new types properties, and hopefully allow the community define its own properties the long run. figure examples properties carryprotocol.io value-added service provider addition the key participants mentioned above, carry protocol also has value-added service providers that support the seamless operation its service. these value-added service providers not operate within the blockchain but use the blockchain-provided api interact with other key participants important player the carry protocol. there are four main groups value-added service providers: settlement service provider, wallet service provider, device provider, and advertising service provider. other value-added service providers could added with the growth carry protocol. ... settlement service provider settlement service providers are required the transaction phase the carry protocol. merchants that wish convert cryptocurrency into fiat money could select among the settlement service providers achieve this. for example, when customer wants pay with btc, the merchant asks the customer send btc the address pre-determined settlement service provider. the settlement service provider converts this cryptocurrency into fiat money based agreed (either the user the market) exchange rate and sends the merchant. although the transaction does not take place the carry blockchain, recommendation will made build the system with carry protocol within the method payment and transfer, thereby making settlement service providers important partner for carry protocol. most the revenue for the settlement service providers will come from settlement fees, but the service providers are free offer other services part its revenue model. anyone can become settlement service provider, but expect cryptocurrency exchanges the biggest participants the earlier stage with their existing technologies. the long run, also expect see other players from the payment process the financial market take interest this service. figure settlement service provider ... wallet service provider all the participants carry protocol, wallet service providers have the biggest influence over consumers. they create and distribute wallets consumers the form mobile apps. three key functions the wallet include: helping consumers manage their transaction data and upload carryprotocol.io blockchain for reward, allowing consumers keep and use carry protocol cryptocurrencies (cre and bt) and other forms cryptocurrencies (btc, eth, etc.), and functioning advertisement channel. wallet service providers will likely generate revenue number ways, since they interact directly with consumers. the earlier stage, major app services with existing user base are expected add carry protocol top their businesses create profitable synergy effects, rather than brand new businesses joining the ecosystem. also possible for channel owners take interest this role the future. figure wallet service provider ... device provider merchants must equipped with devices use the carry protocol the store. devices are important point contact with consumers, sending the transaction data consumers they can upload the carry blockchain and linking merchants settlement service providers. device providers install devices the stores and provide the software for the device, with spoqa being prime example. carryprotocol.io device providers generate revenue from the use fee that merchants pay for building the system for their use the carry protocol. merchants are required make cre deposit use carry protocol, but device providers could also make this deposit their behalf and receive usage fee from them. device providers could also receive commission for introducing merchants advertising service providers for consumer ads. however, these are mere examples and device providers should build their own business models. since device providers have great influence over their large merchant base, expect them come with variety revenue models. figure device provider ... advertising service provider advertising service providers analyze transaction data behalf advertisers narrow down target consumers and conduct campaigns. merchants will make most the advertisers carry protocol the earlier stage, but will difficult for them access blockchain and extract target consumers their own. therefore, advertising service providers can play important role conducting the right campaigns for advertisers. advertising service providers will likely businesses currently active the online market who are also interested offline data and wish find point contact the offline domain. these players enter carry protocol and demonstrate the profitability ads the platform, more advertising service providers are expected follow. large participation advertising service providers and competition among them will inevitably enhance the efficiency advertisements, which will attract advertisers partake the carry ecosystem. advertising service providers are required stake pay fee cre, are merchants. this because advertising service providers will receive (ads) and cre from advertisers pass onto target consumers, and they must through smart contract during this process deliver the bt. greater profitability for advertising service providers will lead higher growth cre deposits advertising service providers relative deposits made merchants themselves. carryprotocol.io figure advertising service provider carryprotocol.io value proposition ... consumer the consumers purchasing goods services the stores will take away the following benefits key participant carry protocol: first, customers will rewarded for buying from merchants that support carry protocol. after the usual transaction complete, customers will receive loyalty points coupons the form that they can use their next visit. second, consumers will rewarded cre for uploading transaction data. after the purchase, they can selectively share their transaction data carry protocol and receive reward from carry protocol for sharing this information. third, consumers will rewarded cre for accepting advertisements. carry protocol eliminates the middle players like the existing marketing channels, these fees directly the consumers. fourth, consumers can manage the points and coupons for various stores one app. small and medium businesses usually issue points and coupons different ways, making difficult for customers manage them together. the carry wallet app will enable everyday consumers use one app for simple management points and coupons. ... merchant merchants are defined businesses that provide goods services consumers exchange for cryptocurrency fiat. key participant carry protocol, merchants will take away the following benefits: first, the benefits mentioned the previous section will encourage consumers opt for merchants that support carry protocol. therefore, merchants will able attract more customers supporting carry protocol, which will lead more sales. second, carry protocol will make easier for merchants manage their customers. the interface provided carry protocol will easy use, despite the complexity the protocol blockchain technology behind it. merchants can use the interface learn more about their customers and use for various forms interaction with their customers. for instance, merchants can use conduct customer satisfaction survey, offer special (coupon) first-time customers encourage return. ... advertiser advertisers are participants who wish advertise consumers carry protocol, and can take away the following benefits: carryprotocol.io first, advertisers can put out very efficiently the offline market. unlike passing out flyers, carry protocol will allow advertisers track the effectiveness the ad, which will enable them narrow down specific targets their ads over time. second, advertisers can release the carry protocol via easy-to-use interface that they can focus other aspects their business. carryprotocol.io partner company spoqa: flagship partner company spoqa will join carry protocol its first key partner company. early members the carry team will comprise founding members spoqa, guaranteeing full support from spoqa for carry protocol. however, this does not mean that carry protocol will give any preferential treatment spoqa operate solely for spoqa. carry's partner program demonstrates our commitment fair treatment all partners, which will further discussed later. spoqa operates dodo point, customer-facing tablet based loyalty platform for smb merchants. over the past years, spoqa has interacted closely with merchants the offline market build service that suits their needs, and has achieved remarkable accomplishments. dodo point currently has million consumers and merchants, and being widely used variety sectors shown figure figure dodo accumulated user base figure dodo point check-ins per day carryprotocol.io figure dodo point sectors during its operation dodo point, spoqa has developed various services meet the needs merchants (shown table all which are underlying foundations for carry protocol. particular, the tablet devices installed each store are wirelessly connected the merchant's point-of-sale (pos) device, enabling support carry protocol with simple software update. leveraging spoqa's assets, carry protocol will able penetrate the offline commerce market and connect merchants and consumers effectively and professionally. table dodo point services service description dodo point tablet-based loyalty service for offline stores customers can receive loyalty points entering their phone numbers into the dodo tablet. dodo message coupon automation via messaging apps dodo message automates coupon-sending customers whose contact information collected with dodo point. spoqa's automated coupons have redemption rate -%, twice effective merchant-sent coupons with average redemption rate dodo ads targeted advertising with customer purchase data merchants can target their advertisements social media like facebook instagram based the offline purchase patterns consumers. dodo manager admin and control panel with one-click payment for dodo services merchants can customize dodo services via dodo manager, the control panel for spoqa's services. merchant's credit card information linked dodo manager for easy payments. carryprotocol.io spoqa has many strategic partners and clients, and have been acknowledged various media coverage and awards. table spoqa's key partners, clients, and media coverage strategic partners major clients media coverage awards strategy encourage participation partner companies although spoqa could initially help secure merchants and consumers carry protocol's first key partner, important for other key players participate form healthy ecosystem. therefore crucial secure many partners possible early for the successful launch the service and for the continued growth carry protocol. the initial phase, carry protocol aims partner with businesses that have relevance carry protocol. these businesses will similar the value-added service providers. for example, exchanges could function settlement service providers and businesses that manage points for consumers through apps that run cryptocurrency wallets could take part wallet service providers. companies like spoqa, well franchise businesses, could become device providers, and ad-tech companies that develop dmp (data management platforms) could become advertising service providers. carry protocol benefits many different partners, and offers the following rewards for our partners: carryprotocol.io ... rewards for device providers device providers are crucial partners for the successful launch carry protocol. one the reasons that spoqa such important partner carry protocol because has merchants and can function device provider carry. companies like spoqa will able take part carry protocol device providers, and partnering with large franchises device providers could help carry protocol achieve rapid growth. the rewards program for device providers defined function two parameters: number partner merchants device provider brings into carry ecosystem, and relative timing. merchant that the partner managing joins carry protocol and builds system, carry protocol will send cre the partner. merchants can designate their partners the time they join carry, similar writing down the friend who recommended you website when signing for online service. important point here that the number cre's that partner receives reduced the number merchants grows, rewarding partners more the earlier stage for bringing merchants since this will have bigger impact overall network effect. carry protocol's first key partner, spoqa, will also rewarded accordingly. rewards must given not only the device providers but also the merchants for the service spread faster. therefore, merchants will also rewarded with fixed amount cre's following the "recommend friend" concept. partners could also offer the merchant portion their own cre incentive for the merchant join, and this would entirely the partner. ... rewards for wallet service providers wallet service providers are just crucial device providers. they have similar relationships with consumers device providers have with merchants. therefore, fixed amount cre will given wallet service provider when consumer uses the protocol more than once. similarly device providers, the number cre's will decline the number consumers increase. ... rewards for other partners settlement and advertising service providers are partners that will become more meaningful carry protocol grows. therefore, they are not included the initial token distribution plan. once carry protocol launches and their services gain importance, these partners will rewarded via carry pool other means necessary. carryprotocol.io token generation event (tge) token distribution carry tokens (cre) are issued develop carry protocol and build its ecosystem. supporters can take part the token generation event sending crytocurrency. the exchange rate tokens given participants will defined via announcement carry protocol communication channels (website, facebook, twitter, etc.) prior the tge. billion tokens will issued, which will made available tge participants. about the tokens will for the partner program mentioned above (.), for market activation such airdrop for merchants and consumers, for the carry team that working build the ecosystem, for advisors helping launch carry protocol, and reserve. figure token distribution carryprotocol.io use funds the funds raised through tge will used develop carry protocol and build its ecosystem. about the funds will used the core research and development (r&d), provide the necessary devices merchants (payment hardware), for overall business operation operate carry protocol and help the business gain stability (operation business development), promote awareness and actual usage carry protocol the real world (sales marketing), and will reserved for other uses. the distribution funds only estimate, and subject change the future deemed necessary promote carry protocol. figure use funds carryprotocol.io roadmap based the current timeline, expect complete tge the third quarter and develop basic components launch testnet fourth quarter the goal have the system and running the market sometime the second half with the launch mainnet and basic api for party participation available the first half protocol building application building smart contract reference wallet production wallet protocol api reference point-of-sale production point-of-sale management system carryprotocol.io legal disclaimers please read this entire section carefully. you are any doubt the action you should take, please consult your legal, financial, tax other professional advisor(s). legal statement (a) this whitepaper ("whitepaper"), its current form, circulated for general information purposes only relation the carry protocol project presently conceived and subject review and revision. please note that this whitepaper work progress and the information this whitepaper current only the date the cover hereof. thereafter, the information, including information concerning ther carry protocol business operations and financial conditions, may have changed. reserve the right update the whitepaper from time time. (b) person bound enter into any contract binding legal commitment relation the sale and purchase carry tokens ("cre") and payment accepted the basis this whitepaper. any sale and purchase cre will governed legally binding agreement, the details which will made available separately from this whitepaper. the event any inconsistencies between the abovementioned agreement and this whitepaper, the former shall prevail. (c) this whitepaper does not constitute form part any opinion any advice sell, any solicitation any offer the issuer/distributor/vendor cre purchase any cre nor shall any part nor the fact its presentation form the basis of, relied upon connection with, any contract investment decision. (d) cre not intended constitute securities, units business trust, units collective investment scheme, each defined under the securities and futures act (cap. singapore, its equivalent any other jurisdiction. accordingly, this whitepaper therefore, does not, and not intended to, constitute prospectus, profile statement, offer document any sort, and should not construed offer securities any form, units business trust, units collective investment scheme any other form investment, solicitation for any form investment any jurisdiction. (e) cre should construed, interpreted, classified treated enabling, according any opportunity to, purchasers participate receive profits, income, other payments carryprotocol.io returns arising from connection with the carry protocol platform, cre, products, receive sums paid out such profits, income, other payments returns. (f) this whitepaper any part hereof may not reproduced, distributed otherwise disseminated any jurisdiction where offering coins/tokens the manner set out this whitepaper regulated prohibited. (g) regulatory authority has reviewed, examined approved any the information set out this whitepaper. such action has been will taken any jurisdiction. (h) where you wish purchase any cre, the cre are not construed, interpreted, classified treated as: (a) any kind currency other than cryptocurrency; (b) debentures, stocks shares issued any entity; (c) rights, options derivatives respect such debentures, stocks shares; (d) rights under contract for differences under any other contract with the purpose pretended purpose secure profit avoid loss; (e) units derivatives collective investment scheme business trust, any other type securities. restrictions distribution and dissemination (a) the distribution dissemination this whitepaper any part thereof may prohibited restricted the laws regulatory requirements any jurisdiction. the case where any restriction applies, you are inform yourself about, obtain legal and other relevant advice on, and observe, any restrictions which are applicable your possession this whitepaper such part thereof (as the case may be) your own expense and without liability carry its representatives, agents, and related companies ("affiliates"). (b) persons whom copy this whitepaper has been distributed disseminated, provided access who otherwise have the whitepaper their possession shall not circulate any other persons, reproduce otherwise distribute this whitepaper any information contained herein for any purpose whatsoever nor permit cause the same occur. disclaimer liability (a) the cre and related services provided carry and its affiliates are provided "as is" and "as available" basis. carry and its affiliates not grant any warranties make any representation, express implied otherwise, the accessibility, quality, suitability, accuracy, adequacy, completeness the cre any related services provided carry and its affiliates, and expressly disclaim any liability for errors, delays, omissions in, for any action taken reliance on, the cre and related services provided carry and its affiliates. carryprotocol.io (b) carry and its affiliates not make purport make, and hereby disclaim, any representation, warranty undertaking any form whatsoever any entity person, including any representation, warranty undertaking relation the truth, accuracy and completeness any the information set out this whitepaper. (c) the maximum extent permitted the applicable laws and regulations, carry and its affiliates shall not liable for any indirect, special, incidental, consequential other losses any kind, tort, contract otherwise (including but not limited loss revenue, income profits, and loss use data), arising out connection with any acceptance reliance this whitepaper any part thereof you. cautionary note forward-looking statements (a) certain information set forth this whitepaper includes forward-looking information regarding the future the project, future events and projections. these statements are not statements historical fact and may identified but not limited words and phrases such "will", "estimate", "believe", "expect", "project", "anticipate", words similar meaning. such forward-looking statements are also included other publicly available materials such presentations, interviews, videos etc., information contained this whitepaper constitutes forward-looking statements including but not limited future results, performance, achievements carry its affiliates. (b) the forward-looking statements involve variety risks and uncertainties. these statements are not guarantees future performance and undue reliance should placed them. should any these risks uncertainties materialise, the actual performance and progress carry its affiliates might differ from expectations set the forward-looking statements. carry its affiliates undertake obligation update forward-looking statements should there any change circumstances. acting upon forward-looking information received from this whitepaper, carry its affiliates' website and other materials produced carry its affiliates, you personally bear full responsibility the event where the forward-looking statements not materialize. (c) the date this whitepaper, the carry protocol platform has not been completed and not fully operational. any description pertaining and regarding the carry protocol platform made the basis that the carry protocol platform will completed and fully operational. however, this paragraph shall way construed providing any form guarantee assurance that the carry protocol platform will eventually completed fully operational. carryprotocol.io potential risks (a) please carefully read every piece information, understand and analyse the risks and related factors before deciding participate and purchase the cre. the risks include, but are not limited to: (i) risk losing access cre due loss identification information, loss requisite private key(s) associated with the digital wallet storing the cre any other kind custodial purchaser errors; (ii) fluctuations the value cre post-issuance due the general global market and economic conditions. such volatility the value the cre may lead carry not being able fund the development the carry protocol ecosystem, may not able maintain the carry protocol ecosystem the manner intended; (iii) changes political, social, economic and stock cryptocurrency market conditions, and the regulatory environment the countries which carry its affiliates conduct their businesses and operations, and the ability carry its affiliates survive compete under such conditions. possible that certain jurisdictions will apply existing regulations on, introduce new regulations addressing, blockchain technology, which may contrary the cre and/or the carry protocol ecosystem which may, inter alia, result substantial modifications the carry protocol ecosystem and the carry protocol project, including termination and loss cre; (iv) changes the future capital needs carry its affiliates and the availability financing and capital fund such needs. lack funding could impact the development the carry protocol platform and the uses potential value the cre; (v) for number reasons including, but not limited to, unfavorable fluctuation the value cre, the failure business relationships competing intellectual property claims during development operation, the carry protocol project may longer viable activity and may dissolved simply not launched, negatively impacting the carry protocol ecosystem, the cre and the potential utility the cre; (vi) the lack interest from large number companies, individuals and other organizations for the carry protocol platform and services and that there may limited public interest the creation and development distributed applications. such lack interest could lead lack funding and also impact the development the carry protocol platform and the uses potential value the cre; (vii) significant changes made the features specifications the cre the carry protocol platform before the release implementation the carry protocol project and/or the carry protocol ecosystem. while carry intends for the cre and the carry protocol ecosystem function described the whitepaper, carry may nevertheless make such changes; carryprotocol.io (viii) competition from alternative platforms that may have been established, which could potentially adversely impact the cre and the carry protocol platform (e.g. lack commercial success prospects caused competing projects); (ix) interference with the use cre and the infrastructure the carry protocol platform due any weaknesses malware that may intentionally unintentionally introduced into the software the carry protocol platform, whether not third party. the blockchain used for the platform also vulnerable attacks which pose risk the platform and the performance related services; (x) occurrences catastrophic events, natural disasters and acts god that affect the businesses operations carry its affiliates and other factors beyond the control carry its affiliates. this includes mining attacks, attacks hackers other individuals that could result theft loss proceeds the cre sale, the cre and impacting the ability develop the carry protocol ecosystem; (xi) cre and other cryptocurrencies are new, untested technology and constantly developing. the full functionality the cre are not yet complete and assurance can provided such completion. technology matures, developments cryptographic technologies and techniques changes consensus protocol algorithms could present risks the cre, the cre sale, the carry protocol project and/or the carry protocol ecosystem, including the utility the cre; (xii) cre confer governance rights any kind with respect the carry protocol project, the carry protocol ecosystem and/or carry and all decisions will made carry its sole discretion, including decisions discontinue the carry's products services, the carry protocol project and/or carry protocol ecosystem create and sell more cre for use the carry protocol ecosystem sell liquidate carry; and (xiii) the tax treatment and accounting the cre uncertain and may vary amongst jurisdictions. there may adverse tax consequences and independent tax advice connection with purchasing cre should obtained. addition the risks stipulated above, there are other risks that carry and its affiliates cannot predict. risks may also occur unanticipated combinations changes the risks stipulated herein. (b) any such risks and uncertainties develops into actual events, the business, financial condition, results operations and prospects carry its affiliates could materially and adversely affected. such cases, you may lose all part the value the cre. carryprotocol.io further information update person has been authorised give any information representation not contained this whitepaper connection with the cre, carry its affiliates and their respective businesses and operations, and, given, such information representation must not relied upon having been authorised behalf carry its affiliates. advice information this whitepaper should considered business, legal, financial tax advice regarding the cre, carry its affiliates. you should consult your own legal, financial, tax other professional advisor(s) regarding the cre, carry its affiliates and their respective businesses and operations. you should aware that you may required bear the financial risk any purchase cre for indefinite period time. carryprotocol.io contacts general inquiries contact@carryprotocol.io tge participation inquiries contribute@carryprotocol.io