cashbery coin (cbc) white paper cashbery coin (c) version: https://www.cashberycoin.com introduction cryptocurrency definition cryptocurrency market overview (according data) current cryptocurrency market problems low speed transactions high transaction costs pow algorithm (proof-of-work) description pow algorithm problems mining centralization pos algorithm (proof-of-stake) validator selection cashbery coin (cbc) cryptocurrency and its algorithm overview algorithm consensus the cashbery coin area application for customers for business cashbery coin advantages decentralization forecasted transaction speed security the cbc roadmap the global expansion plan the initial coin offering (ico) ico terms and conditions the goal the initial coin offering the application obtained resources the cashbery ecosystem team cashbery coin advisors introduction cryptocurrencies have entered into our lives and become increasingly important. many people were attracted the impressive market growth can notice positive trend any long-term period through many indexes. however, each the five cryptocurrencies with the biggest capitalization has some major setbacks the first quarter which make them inefficient payment system; developing new solutions very slow. ethereum-like networks have been created for the smart contract using which makes them even more unusable payment systems. some networks, ripple-like, have been developed centralized venture startups, that's why can't consider them protected way transferring the value. the bitcoin cash and the litecoin are derivatives from the bitcoin network. they appeared upgraded and advanced versions the primary network, however, they have arguable reputation because the informational noise, accompanying their launching and development, and distrusting from many bitcoin users. so, despite the global interest cryptocurrencies, there are technical solutions, that decentralized and independent from third parties, which can fully provide safety transactions and confidence blockchain-based payment systems the market. the cashbery coin intended such solution, using pow/pos algorithm for providing decentralization, safety, speed and low transaction costs. cryptocurrency definition cryptocurrency digital currency that uses encryption (cryptography) for the provision emission and transaction verification. transactions are enroll decentralized registry called the blockchain. mining issues currency units. cryptocurrency market overview (according data) the total capitalization all cryptocurrencies increased from billion the market grew ,%. bitcoin the first cryptocurrency ever had rate the january and rate the december moreover, the maximum rate was the middle the december $,. litecoin popular bitcoin derivative rose ,%. ether cryptocurrency, used the ethereum network and intended for the smart contract using, had growth rate ,%. ripple, created for international transactions, rose impressive ,%. despite the fact, that there was significant cryptocurrency market growth the current total capitalization $,,,, which comparably low amount for the conservative currency system. can conclude, that there still will great cryptocurrency market growth against the aggressive investors and customers' interest background. the same time, there number obstacles this way, and many them are due the imperfection cryptocurrency systems themselves. current cryptocurrency market problems low speed transactions one the main cryptocurrency disadvantages the low speed transactions whatever current algorithm using. blockchain technology, developed the solution that provides high-speed transactions, mostly cannot compete with traditional ways payments. obvious today that those problems associated with scalability are the prime cause the low speed transactions. the number cryptocurrency network participants grows; the number transactions waiting for validation multiplies too. high-cost occurrence for the highly volatile cryptocurrency market. traders working with cryptocurrencies often incur losses because the transaction has been delayed and did not take place time. there are only part cryptocurrency market problems listed above, however, they can affect the efficiency and stable growth the market, and trading. the progress necessary for every cryptocurrency system, and could provided only solution sensitive market tendencies and problems. high transaction costs transaction fees are very high the majority peer-to-peer networks. through the bitcoin network example, can find that the price the fastest transaction calculated using following formula satoshi for byte. statistically, the average size the transaction bytes, therefore average transaction fee satoshi the current exchange rate satoshi equals btc), while the highest average transaction fee had reached early the ethereum network calculates transaction fees amount taking into account difficulty the smart contract. average transaction fee varies from according the statistics for the year that much bigger than what traditional payment systems have. pow algorithm (proof-of-work) description proof-of-work (pow) protocol with the main goal prevent cyber-attacks, such ddos. this conception had existed before bitcoin appearance, but satoshi nakamoto applied for his digital currency, which led drastic change traditional transaction system. perhaps, the proof-of-work the most valuable idea the satoshi nakamoto's bitcoin white paper, because let reach the distributed consensus under low confidence. means that participants would not depend any centralised transactions verifying institute systems using such algorithm; the system will stable spite losing some participants. proof-of-work consensus algorithm showed its efficiency the early stages the first blockchains: bitcoin, litecoin, ethereum, etc. however, there was some serious disadvantages and limitations found which not enable them appropriate instrument transferring values, comparing the traditional payment systems, like visa mastercard. pow algorithm problems mining every blockchain transaction should validated for being successful. there group network participants that charge transactions accounting, called miners. cryptocurrency mining suggests the presence powerful computers for solving rigorous equations. solving these equations, miners compete for capability generating next block the chain and taking the reward for that: new coins the network. they also could get fees from transactions added the block. different microchip manufacturers started producing special devices for cryptocurrency mining after the demand had increased. the previous generation these devices became useless after the new one came into use. with the decentralized consensus reached the proof-of-work algorithm, miners consume big amount electric energy. each bitcoin network transaction spent half more than usual daily electricity consuming the household. all electric consumption spending are paid flat currency (usd, eur, etc.), that leads constantly increasing pressure digital currency rates. some experts had concluded recent researches, that bitcoin network transactions would consume the same amount electricity countries like denmark. many developers raised concern about that, and some the communities, like the ethereum foundation suggest using proof-of-stake (pos) algorithm for providing cheaper and ecologically safer reaching the distributed consensus. centralization decentralisation means the distribution the network, which transaction must pass third-party verification the condition choose third party for it. sentralization technically implies that transaction should pass verification fixed third-party, however, this term usually uses for naming the network with limited number current intermediaries. thus, can consider banking system centralized one, because the necessity cooperate with banks work inside such system. bitcoin and ethereum themselves are peer-to-peer networks, not centralized; nevertheless, they both rely heavily such groups participants like miners and mining devices developers. the same time, the majority high-performance mining pools are china because the cheaper even free price for electric powers. can make conclusion that chinese government influences miners hugely since the most them are under the chinese firewall. the chinese government can limit mining cryptocurrencies will threat rmb official chinese currency. pos algorithm (proof-of-stake) proof-of-stake alternative way transaction validation and reaching decentralized consensus. pos peer-to-peer networks algorithm with the same goal pow, but uses different approach. for the first time, proof-of-stake conception was proposed the bitcointalk forum the first cryptocurrency using this algorithm was peercoin well nxt, shadowcash, blackcoin, qora, nushares/nubits, and nav coin. with the proof-of-stake algorithm, new block miner chosen depending the number coins the account (stake), unlike proof-of-work algorithm, where miners are rewarded for solving mathematical equations aimed transactions validation and new blocks adding; miners can even have cryptocurrency the network where verified transactions with the pow algorithm. means that miner working with the pow algorithm have motivation for supporting network durability because possible choose any cryptocurrency for mining without limitations. validator selection systems with the pos algorithm require that the validating person (forger) owns some amount coins wallet, chosen random-looking way depending the number coins the account. most cases using pos, units cryptocurrency generate with system launching, and their amount fixed. that way, the transaction fee, instead cryptocurrency units used for rewarding validating person. new coins instead the fee created some cases. the validator should freeze some amount own coins called stake for transaction verifying, and for adding new block; person will forfeit stake cases approving fraudulent transaction, also will not able approve transactions. theory, this individual will engage fair and valid transactions. cashbery coin (cbc) cryptocurrency and its algorithm overview cashbery coin internal transactional instrument the new generation. cashbery cryptocurrency ideal value transferring resource for the cashbery ecosystem environment due high speed transaction and low fee. the cashbery ecosystem provides decentralized currency for end customers, and the possibility attracting new participants into business operations and loyalty schemes for businessperson, because cashbery coin easy use, safe, and transparent. application the distributed registry, which all data synchronized with the whole network, almost completely except possibilities fraud, double sharges, chargeback, and unauthorized transactions. algorithm consensus cashbery was created for solving different problems currencies that exist the market, like bitcoin and etherium, which have sufficient speed transaction, are not decentralized enough. besides, they have quite high transaction fee due nature initial implementation. cashbery combines two algorithms consensus, the proof-of-work, and the proof-of-stake. the pow used for initial coins distribution and for maintaining the security the network before will have been highly-decentralized. the pos will provide scalability and reliability the later stages development without forcing participants the network use large amount resources like electricity for transaction validation. mining with the pow algorithm will impossible after block, ,th, the network will use the pos algorithm consensus. generate stake blocks, user should have non-zero cashbery coins balance available for transaction validation. the amount reward for block creation depends not only cashbery coins balance but also from the duration the period that coins are holding the account. thus, stake weight calculated follows: stake weight stake volume coinage this formula calculates transaction validation reward for pos-mining: ncoinage coin_year_reward where ncoinage age the coins the wallet soinage bncentsecond cent coin bncentsecond sum cents multiplied transaction age for all incoming transactions for the current balance; cent cbc. coin_year_reward yearly yields; year reward, calculating from the number coins the wallet. pow made hashing algorithm called scrypt which use for transaction validation such popular networks litecoin, dogecoin, and more than others. with pos and pow methods combined, the target speed the new blocks generation the early stages cashbery coin ecosystem development will be: block minute blocks per day) such combining consensus algorithms will provide essential advantages compared with the majority popular crypto coins the present market whether fee for the transaction (standard fee cbc) the speed transaction. the initial cashbery coin issue cbc, and the supply limit cbc, which means that the creation extra coins will stop certain moment time; will allow preventing value decreasing with network growing slowing down long-term outlook. the cashbery coin area application for customers private users cashbery network can use cashbery coin everyday activity, getting all advantages the new technologies for the cooperation with each other and for mutual payments: cashbery transactions through the internet without the participation third-sides. therefore, the transaction fee less than the fee banks, for example. cashbery coin fits use for any transactions: big and small ones. cashbery coin has connections with any centralized issuing institute any country, means, that coin easy use for international transactions. the cashbery coin wallet cannot frozen; cryptocurrency does not have any controlling organization. that provides free distribution and circulation cbc. there precedent conditions banking information requirement for making transactions. there are transaction limits. possible transfer any amount coins many times takes. high level protection from hacking, fraud, forgery. that why cashbery coin perfect for saving and accumulating values. for business introduction and using the cashbery coins and cashbery ecosystem business companies gives next advantages: low charge for the circulation, strong reliability, and easy scalability. companies get the opportunity operate cashbery coins for accounting, providing safety transactions, and loyalty schemes every level. cashbery optimal instrument for the small enterprise development. payment system which easily integrates into network exchange, into the real economy, starting from online shops, discount providers, delivery services, media, the banking sector and the real estate industries. because the low barrier entry, any business not need spend many resources for accepting cashbery coin; easier connect cashbery payment system websites and mobile apps. cashbery coin advantages decentralization cashbery decentralized currency. firstly, that based the method the initial distribution regulated and transparent selling coins for the future network participants who are interested network stability and development. secondly, that based pos and pow combining. decentralization the fundament any true cryptocurrency. unfortunately, cryptocurrencies with the big capitalization and distribution are not decentralized enough because the consensus algorithm using. the perfect example bitcoin: almost these network miners are situated the prc territory into its legal competency: the correlation between miners from prc and from other countries forecasted transaction speed another key advantage the hybrid cashbery algorithm providing fast transactions even conditions network-critical load. cashbery coin the simple and elegant solution for providing transactions the new generation. most the modern cryptocurrencies show poor network capacity and unpredictability under the heavy parallel traffic condition. there was decentralized game-application created, called cryptokitties which was developed for the ethereum network, showed how badly this blockchain ready for big loads. result, there were significant transactions delays inside the ethereum network, smart contracts malfunctions, and, hence, loss trust and value. the growth pending transactions amount, waiting for validation the ethereum network from december january security cashbery uses proved cryptography methods with separation public and private keys for keeping access keys the account. many companies, including banks and big exchanges, use same algorithms for information protection. besides, the cashbery wallet application securely protected password, even the hacker gets access the device the wallet installed on, money cannot stolen. the cbc roadmap preparing token sale token sale stages days each) and opening the cashbery foundation offices different countries for popularisation cashbery coin, and increasing the support adding cbc regional exchanges further development the cashbery blockchain accordance with tendencies the cryptocurrency market and blockchain technology the global expansion plan countries exchanges russia cis russia, ukraine, kazakhstan polyx, exmo, c-cex, kuna, liqui latin america brazil, mexico, colombia mercado bitcoin, bitcointrade, bitex bitso, volabit, bitex africa south africa, nigeria, ghana icex, luno south-east asia india thailand indonesia unocoin, zebpay, koinex tdax indodax turkey poland the netherlands australia canada arab emirates norway south korea japan btcturk bitmarket blp, bitonic, litebit, bitrush, clevercoin coinspot, cointree,btcmarkets quadrigacx, coinbase, kraken, coinsquare bitoasis bitcoins norway bithumb, coinone, korbit bitflyer, quoinexchange, coincheck the initial coin offering (ico) initially, cbc will created, and them (,, cbc) will available for sale during the ico: the remaining amount will frozen cashbery reserve. burning coins from the reserve would proceed according defined schedule: the primary distribution will via cashbery platform (www.cashbery.com) such distribution will prevent decrease the value the coins while advancing the open market and will give opportunity for malicious users attack the registry writing invalid information into the blockchain. the rest the coins reserve will burned little pools after reaching the required growth ratio, this will prevent the cbc depreciation and will not allow the lack liquidity for the big amount coins free circulation. addition, the gradual pools burning necessary for smooth issuing new coins, which stops cbc volatility rate from rising. ico terms and conditions ico limit for the open sale (%) ico limit for the open sale (total) cbc coin price the ico stage (usd) coin price the ico stage (usd) coin price the ico stage (usd) coins rate forecast entering the free circulation stage the goal the initial coin offering the algorithm which architecture involves supporting the network participants which the most concerned owning and using cbc the basis cashbery. cashbery network will built pos principle which the main responsibility for the transaction validation falls participants holding cashbery coins amount; the reward for block generation proportional ownership ratio. following this principle, cashbery will implement the primary coin distribution through ico approach, which the most concerned participants could join the network the launching stage. so, the fairest coins distribution which the most interested network users would get early access the lower price will realized, that also will significantly enhance the resilience the cashbery economy. resources obtained during ico will allocated for development the market, cashbery communities all over the world, also for attracting and integrating partner programs into the ecosystem. the application obtained resources money getting after initial issue cashbery coins will distributed the next way: the cashbery ecosystem cashbery ecosystem flexible and convenient solution which provides high speed transaction and functionality partner programs, supports reliability. thus, new participants could promote loyalty programs and attract users into different sectors supplying goods and services. customers goods services cbc merchant cbc cbc community usd eur rub exchange cashbery network user can pay directly cbc for goods and services ecosystem partners, after that cashbery coins could return the circulation right after selling them the open market. such solution advantage for companies wishing get access the growing market the network. companies that which provide rental services, carsharing, carriage and flight services, delivery services, hotels booking services need use safe and verified transaction; users gain big advantage fast transactions with low fees without any danger double spending and charge-back. team cashbery coin vasiliy andrew ceo private entrepreneur with the crypto currency since owner online businesses cto expert python and years management experience worked microsoft the entrepreneur, crypto-enthusiast, founded successful companies digital. thanks him several companies from small local steel large and entered the international market. vasily professional development who has formed team cool programmers, and currently working improving the cbc platform. lada aleksandr cfo head strategic development expert-analyst leading russian companies experience successful ico projects experience developing loyalty programs cfo, has more than years experience cryptotrading and more than years international experience; invested many international projects, participated the launch cryptotenes the market. aimed the result, sees great future for the cashbery coin. leading blockchain strategist worked with leaders the blockchain world created "success strategies" for companies over years director strategic development, the founder several successful start-ups, has more than years experience senior positions international companies. this the driving force cashbery coin. promotion the coin and its value his responsibility. ivan margarett head marketing head digital marketing since purchased yandex.direct cpm worked banks and large financial organizations engaged crypto marketing for more than years more than years work smm knows all about reputation the previous experience government launched several campaigns with millions coverage for his experience, was able reach record figures for all projects. who heads the most important and necessary part the project cashbery coin marketing. all that you see the information space about the coin his credit. great experience with foreign media, well with west start-ups. placement the press, issues cooperation, partnership, building communications with customers all this margarett. yaroslav alexey ecosystem developer operating director loyalty programs since participated the development the club mnogo.ru experience implementing product analytics more than years managed the loyalty programs major mobile phone operator. responsible for the development the cashbery coin ecosystem, the attraction new sites and merchants. considers the cashberycoin ecosystem ideal for building large loyalty programs. works banks and financial institutions since operational director since participated the development the crypto exchange the director for over years worked financial institutions, built operational processes and financial monitoring. adapted bank kyc and aml-standards for operations with crypto-currencies. responsible for the processes and interaction units. advisors roman dumler adviser alexandr belousov ecosystem adviser entrepreneur with over years higher education (economic and legal). experience information technology and marketing. has huge experience the more than years experience the supply high-tech equipment and software. business. expert insurance and financial consulting. represented the interests investing since the current time, ico american hedge funds and large european projects and the crypto-currency market are companies the segment life-saving life the most promising market for investments. insurance. specialist the field scaling and partner programs. investor with lot experience. crypto-enthusiast.