the blockchain for gaming casinocoin.org about casinocoin.org what casinocoin? casinocoin digital currency, designed with the regulated the proprietary blockchain prioritises speed, security and gaming industry mind. utilising the latest blockchain scalability above all. currently facilitates over transactions technology, casinocoin can facilitate peer-to-peer per second with near-instant confirmation. demand and volume transfers per second, with near-instant confirmation. increases, will the scale and efficiency the casinocoin blockchain. casinocoin founded ethos compliance and consumer protection first, and developing gaming environment worthy casinocoin's flagship product, the bankroll manager, features the world's top regulated gaming jurisdictions. built-in kyc and aml capabilities, and provides onboarded users with direct access some the world's top regulated gaming sites, and the opportunity deposit, bet and withdraw csc. casinocoin.org why casinocoin? built for gambling for users for operators casinocoin has been developed with the regulated gaming industry mind, with kyc (know your customer) and aml (antimoney laundering) features built the base level. casinocoin offers users unmatched transaction cost, speed and security, with near-instant deposits and withdrawals costing small fraction other methods. casinocoin gives regulated gaming operators access largely untapped source players who have been kyc verified from the moment they arrive. incremental revenue with full visibility and security before single bet placed. transaction and processing fees are tiny fraction other payment methods. casinocoin.org for regulators the casinocoin blockchain originally based ripple's xrp technology; the functional blockchain choice for the financial services industry. proprietary aml tools offer regulators unprecedented access transactional history, including verified identities and complete coin flow. how works user installs brm user kyc'ed licensed, regulated kyc partner user deposits csc into brm from exchange basic wallet user deposits csc into operator wallet; kyc transmitted user plays conclusion gaming session, user withdraws csc back into brm casinocoin.org the foundation deep mix online gaming experience and technical expertise casinocoin.org board trustees john caldwell director advocacy anthony page fiduciary director andre jochems lead developer duncan cameron technical director matthew spada technical advisor many blockchain projects, such bitcoin and ethereum, the trustees represent years experience both gaming have their own non-profit foundations, and casinocoin and technology, and the advisory board comprised different. the casinocoin foundation provides technical executives from some the most established companies innovation, marketing and governance for casinocoin. the gaming industry and beyond. casinocoin.org board advisors richard cammegh lee fenton jeffrey haas non-executive chairman, isle man dept enterprise managing director, cammegh chief executive officer, gamesys chief international officer, draftkings sam hobcraft brandon knowles james scicluna oliver founder, opl gaming group executive director, aruze gaming lydia barbara co-founder partner, partners casinocoin.org director, empire gaming meet the team ashish tawakley courtney daniel keller chief commercial officer branding content technical project management irma tschernia moataz khalifa shoba haridas general counsel digital marketing head operations casinocoin.org casinocoin features casinocoin.org technical specifications type consensus ledger (fork xrp's codebase) coin supply ,,, capped and not reduced transactions per second transaction fee market cap billion csc validating nodes average confirmation time seconds multi-signing transaction support yes minimum validating nodes csc can adjusted the validator nodes every blocks supplied the foundation and trusted third parties account activation minimum required validating nodes for ledger consensus csc community relay nodes minimum required balance for running community relay node all validating nodes are currently managed the casinocoin foundation, order maintain security. the casinocoin foundation will eventually transfer control validating nodes partners with the aim decentralising the network. reward for running community relay node pro-rata share transaction fees issued every ledgers automatically paid csc casinocoin.org community relay nodes community relay nodes (crns) help spread the global span the network and handle the transaction load. community members that holds least csc are eligible operate crn, and those that will receive rewards exchange for their service. xrp ledger technology the xrp ledger decentralized cryptographic ledger powered network peer-to-peer servers. the network the home the digital asset xrp, and contains features that allow serve mechanism settle payments real-time, worldwide. the xrp ledger built for enterprise use, and its digital asset xrp offers banks and payment providers reliable, on-demand option source liquidity for cross-border payments. multiple financial institutions take advantage the xrp ledger technology, including banco santander, american express and standard chartered. the casinocoin blockchain takes advantage xrp's superior speed, scale and efficiency, allowing access many the bank-friendly features has offer, while still being able further develop the technology for use cases the regulated gaming space. learn more xrpl.org casinocoin.org casinocoin ethereum bitcoin transactions per second ethereum bitcoin note average confirmation time seconds average fee per transaction chargebacks? <$. seconds minutes although casinocoin uses the xrp code, operates its own separate blockchain. this means csc will never susceptible network outages that are common ethereum due the amount applications built top the protocol, and that all share the same infrastructure. casinocoin.org custom tokens casinocoin custom tokens are digital assets built atop the casinocoin blockchain. token transactions require csc network validation fee, which currently set csc per transaction. the technology maintained the casinocoin foundation, with metrics and deployment set and handled the client. casinocoin.org custom tokens benefits creating custom token rewards programmes creating custom token the casinocoin blockchain allows gaming operators and suppliers the ability maintain control their token economy while still enjoying all the benefits casinocoin, including lightning fast, scalable transactions and low fees. custom token can replace existing loyalty programmes, introduce gamification layer and make easier for operators track the distribution rewards. reward tokens can both closed open loop depending the desired environment. data verification the creator the custom token can choose token name and brand, determine the total supply, value and distribution method, all while still taking advantage casinocoin's best-in-class desktop and mobile wallets. the casinocoin blockchain can act powerful tool for the transmission large volumes data immutable and secure manner. potential use cases ideal way help monetise data which has not previously been collected, with the usage token equating the cost service, creating similar effect saas product. while csc has been designed and developed specifically digital currency for the regulated gaming industry, the sky's the limit for how custom token can utilised. recording data the blockchain can also validate the data that being stored database within audit. additional payment method operators are facing payments challenges markets across the world. bespoke token can help on-board players who may not otherwise position deposit. casinocoin's strong kyc and aml protocols ensure peace mind for operators, players and regulators. casinocoin.org casinocoin advantages casinocoin.org user benefits one single point kyc, access multiple gaming sites. superior gaming experience the fastest and most secure payment option trustless storage need trust third party with your funds when you're not playing. the bankroll manager allows you have full control over your csc whenever you're not playing session. deposits and approved withdrawals are near-instant deposits and withdrawals carry network fee csc virtually free! operators that implement csc can redirect savings players via higher rtps and/or more appealing bonuses casinocoin.org operator benefits chargebacks chargebacks account for total deposits per site, with average deposit size payment providers generally charge extra processing fee top blockchain technology makes chargebacks impossible based $,, deposits per month, operators can expect significant savings removing chargebacks: chargebacks cost chargebacks fees total cost per month total cost per year saved using csc $,, visa/mastercard casinocoin (csc) casinocoin.org operator benefits transaction fees operator fees range from deposits casinocoin charges flat fee csc (currently less than $.), regardless deposit amount check out the savings per deposit method, based $,, deposits per month: visa/mastercard bank transfer paypal skrill/neteller trustly casinocoin (csc) csc/tx avg deposit fee cost saved using csc based the average deposit size and average price csc ($.) june, casinocoin.org operator benefits withdrawals with deposits, operator savings withdrawals are significant, and similar saving percentages can expected see below for savings per deposit method, based withdrawals per month: avg withdrawal fee cost saved using csc csc visa/mastercard bank transfer (up eurk limit) casinocoin (csc) based the average price csc ($.) june, casinocoin.org operator benefits kyc typical cost per verification varies from the casinocoin bankroll manager removes the need for operators perform kyc, offering large savings based new sign-ups per month: kyc completed operator cost per player (average) total operator cost per month saved using csc operator kyc casinocoin kyc casinocoin.org regulator benefits the underlying blockchain dictates immutable and fraudresistant transaction records every single customer fully verified before they can gamble any partner operator site the proprietary csc tracker gives operators, regulators and law enforcement unprecedented access into transactions, matching every record identity and allow coin traceability back its origins the tightest and most transparent funding system that exists today; offering regulators confidence that every step (including some never before possible) has been taken ensure the most secure regulated environment for gambling casinocoin.org player protection features casinocoin.org bankroll manager (brm) full kyc licensed kyc partner instantly deposit withdraw csc from any partner operator geolocation, and 'csc tracker' aml technology casinocoin.org kyc verification kyc data flow kyc data request push kyc data push casino kyc brm kyc data request push kyc data push comply with major gaming jurisdictions, all brm users will required complete kyc during the account creation process. those who fail kyc verification will not permitted access most the brm features, including signing partner operators. verification services are provided our licensed kyc partners. partner regulated operators are required work under greater regulatory scrutiny kyc and aml are critical functions that. casinocoin offers access untapped market regulated players with solution that can manage those components, more economical price than today's fiat competitors. disruption its best. central kyc point provides users with superior gaming experience and access multiple regulated gaming sites via single kyc procedure. less admin, more gaming. casinocoin.org csc tracker: removing pseudo-anonymity tackle the blockchain aml problem the transparent nature blockchain means there's publicly accessible record every single transaction that's ever taken place the network pseudo-anonymous way. all casinocoin customers using the bankroll manager application have had their identity verified industry-leading kyc provider, we've taken transaction records step further developing aml tool, the csc tracker, that removes pseudo-anonymity and matches every transaction with verified customer profile. the tool will not publicly accessible, but only available operating partners, regulators and law enforcement as-needed basis. restricted access will follow all applicable privacy laws, including gdpr. frank scioscia from: user name: chicago, usa frank scioscia current location: chicago, usa chris brodrick bollon, australia will feature graphical representation every casinocoin blockchain transaction that's ever taken place, with easy-to-follow interface allow the user trace the movement history every coin the network. to: user name: chris brodrick current location: bollon, australia gaming regulators can rest securely that casinocoin technology par with the best blockchain technology that financial institutions employ, creating the most trusted and transparent cryptocurrency environment possible. casinocoin.org casinocoin integration casinocoin.org full casinocoin integration how works: benefits: operator site(s) would listed the casinocoin bankroll manager (brm) app gateway the multi-billion dollar crypto gambling market csc would become another currency option operator site(s), with deposits, withdrawals and betting available reduced kyc costs kyc-verified users click through operator's site(s) from the brm, sign for operator account and connect their brm account (note: operator can access customer kyc data required via the brm backoffice) chargebacks pr: one the only mainstream gaming sites offer full service cryptocurrency offering users transfer csc from the brm operator site(s), play their session csc, and transfer back the brm the conclusion the session users don't have worry about crypto volatility any point the operator/ csc experience the casinocoin foundation discussion with well-known payment service provider provide crypto forex service, allowing operators liquidate their csc balance fiat required casinocoin.org casinocoin payment solution how works: operator site(s) would listed the casinocoin bankroll manager (brm) app kyc-verified users click through operator's site(s) from the brm, sign for operator account and connect their brm account (note: operator can access customer kyc data required via the brm backoffice) benefits: operator doesn't have deal with crypto volatility mainstream gaming sites with crypto association still newsworthy users transfer csc from the brm operator site(s), which converted fiat the spot, removing the need add new currency the site. the conclusion session, user can select transfer their balance back the brm which time will converted back csc faster integration and deployment casinocoin.org appendix casinocoin.org cryptocurrency gaming already multi-billion euro sector gambling has quickly emerged the number one use case for cryptocurrencies. far back was estimated that half all bitcoin transactions involved popular gaming operator satoshi dice. the years since, the sector has grown significantly, although remains long way from maturity. bitcoin sports betting operator sportsbet.io reported turnover according crypto affiliate thebitcoinstrip, btc eur million for the world cup casinocoin.org more than billion bitcoin was wagered currency volatility it's secret that the cryptocurrency market volatile, we've sourced expert advice from treasury managers and gambling industry professionals. week month months months year ytd all managing volatile cryptocurrency really different than handling smaller national currencies such the turkish lira, swedish krona even post-brexit gbp. operators who have dealt with such currencies will find csc fairly standard. online gaming platform accepts deposits, bets and withdrawals with csc, that aspect volatility bears risk for the operator, and crypto enthusiasts are already aware of, and understand their exposure. operators that offer bets csc will required maintain supply csc payout winning bets and jackpots. the casinocoin foundation can advise strategies mitigate the exposure, which includes frequent draw downs csc into fiat via approved third party. nov casinocoin.org dec jan feb mar apr may jun jul aug sep oct api withdraw brm user deposit casinocoin.org kyc submit push kyc partner european regulator's stance crypto gaming malta gaming authority: "the malta gaming authority's (mga) strategy the forefront remote gaming regulation while embracing innovation, balanced with the recognition that prudent approach this area sensible and needed." https://www.mga.org.mt/wp-content/uploads/mga-public-consultation-guidance-on-theuse-of-distributed-ledger-technology-and-the-acceptance-of-virtual-currencies-through-theimplementation-of-a-sandbox-environment.pdf gambling commission: the ukgc not have specific framework for managing crypto like the mga and iom gsc have, however they advise the following: "if you want accept digital currency means payment (either directly through payment processor which accepts digital currencies) you must satisfy yourself and that you can meet your obligations relation anti-money laundering and that you are acting socially responsible way." isle man gambling supervision commission: "it now possible open account with isle man gambling operator using anything which has value money's worth. this includes convertible and non-convertible virtual currencies (cvcs and vcs respectively). convertible virtual currencies include items such bitcoins which can bought and sold through independent exchanges for fiat currency." https://www.gov.im/media//guidance-for-online-gambling-amendmentsregulations-.pdf http://www.gamblingcommission.gov.uk/for-gambling-businesses/compliance/generalcompliance/aml/how-to-comply/digital-and-virtual-currencies.aspx casinocoin.org