caspian whitepaper may www.caspian.tech legal disclaimer this whitepaper and other documents published association with this whitepaper relate the csp token project. these documents may amended replaced any time, without notification any changes access any additional information. recipients are notified follows: this whitepaper contains forward-looking statements that are based the beliefs caspian, ltd. ("caspian"), well certain assumptions made and information available caspian. the caspian project envisaged this whitepaper under development and being constantly updated, including but not limited key governance and technical features. the csp token (as described this whitepaper) involves and relates the development and use experimental platforms (software) and technologies that may not come fruition achieve the objectives specified this whitepaper. when the csp platform completed, may differ from the platform set out this whitepaper. eligible purchasers: eligibility participate the caspian project not guaranteed and likely subject restrictions. regulatory status not assured all jurisdictions: caspian intends operate full compliance with applicable laws and regulations and obtain the necessary licences and approvals key markets. this means that the development and roll-out all the features the csp token and caspian project described this whitepaper are not guaranteed. regulatory licences and/or approvals may required certain jurisdictions which relevant activities may take place. not possible guarantee, and person makes any assurances, that any such licences approvals will obtained within particular timeframe all. this means that the caspian platform and other features the proposed csp token may not available certain markets, all. this could require restructuring that ecosystem and/or its unavailability all certain respects. addition, the development the platform intended implemented stages. during certain stages development, the platform may rely relationships with certain licensed third party entities (such exchanges). these entities are longer properly licensed the relevant jurisdiction, this will impact the ability the caspian platform engage with that party its services functions. offer regulated products services: the csp token not intended constitute security any other regulated product service any jurisdiction. this whitepaper does not constitute prospectus nor offer document any sort and not intended constitute offer solicitation securities any other investment other product service any jurisdiction. any offer agreement relation any sale and purchase, csp tokens governed solely separate document setting out the terms and conditions ("ts&cs") such agreement. the event any inconsistencies between the ts&cs and this whitepaper, the former shall prevail. advice: this whitepaper does not constitute advice purchase any csp tokens nor should relied upon connection with any contract purchasing decision. representations: representations warranties have been made the recipient its advisers the accuracy completeness the information, statements, opinions matters (express implied) arising out of, contained derived from this whitepaper any omission from this document any other written oral information opinions provided now the future any interested party their advisers. representation warranty given the achievement reasonableness any plans, future projections prospects and nothing this document should relied upon promise representation the future. the fullest extent possible, all liability for any loss damage whatsoever kind (whether foreseeable not) which may arise from any person acting any information and opinions contained this whitepaper any information which made available connection with any further enquiries, notwithstanding any negligence, default lack care, disclaimed. risk warning: the purchase csp tokens carries with significant risks. potential purchasers should assess the nature of, and their own appetite for, relevant risks independently and consult their advisers before making decision purchase any csp tokens. translations: this whitepaper and related materials are issued english. any translation for reference purposes only and not certified any person. there any inconsistency between translation and the english version this whitepaper, the english version prevails. restricted transmission: this whitepaper must not taken transmitted any jurisdiction where distribution dissemination this whitepaper prohibited restricted. third party affiliation endorsements: references this whitepaper specific companies and platforms are for illustrative purposes only. other than caspian, tora and kenetic, the use any company and/or platform names and trademarks does not imply any affiliation with, endorsement by, any those parties. abstract the digital asset space has seen explosive growth over the past year, with average daily exchange-trading volume across all crypto assets surpassing billion usd equivalent and total estimated market cap for blockchain instruments exceeding billion usd equivalent april over crypto-focused hedge funds have been formed february while traditional trading houses continue express interest increasing their exposure blockchain assets. but crypto investors continue lack number crucial tools that will necessary for the space achieve its potential. key among these are professional-grade trade execution, compliance, position and risk management, and reporting functionality. the large number digital asset exchanges helps drive the growth the market while simultaneously exacerbating its challenges. currently, crypto investors are forced choose among many exchanges when executing various trades. often, portfolios develop positions multiple trading platforms with varying user interfaces and functionality. executing orders across these various exchanges often difficult. position and risk management are likewise made more challenging the diversity platforms that must often used trade for single portfolio. because difficult harmonize the outputs different platforms, meeting reporting and compliance requirements can present significant obstacles for crypto investors well. caspian joint venture between tora trading services limited (and its affiliates, "tora"), global leading cloud-based front-to-back technology provider buy side institutions; and kenetic trading systems limited (together with its affiliates, "kenetic"), leading blockchain and cryptocurrency investment firm. provides institutional and experienced investors with full-stack crypto trading and risk management platform. equips digital assets investors with comprehensive order and execution management system (oems), position management system (pms), and risk management system (rms), backed experienced support team. the platform, which has the potential drive further participation crypto-trading, provides sophisticated connectivity and interoperability across various digital asset exchanges. the back end, offers unified compliance and reporting functionality that enables users analyze all their trades one place, regardless which exchange they take place on. contents legal disclaimer april coinmarketcap.com maya keidan, jemima kelly, number crypto hedge funds surges amid bitcoin volatility february reuters abstract contents problem: current market challenges unreliable trade execution lack security lack reporting and compliance solution: institutional grade crypto trading platform team overview key features and benefits execution position risk management compliance and reporting technical summary architecture performance scalability reliability security support ongoing development and adaptability audit modularity and third-party integration business plan and growth strategy provisional -month roadmap token ecosystem token model overview and objectives commission discount function user user utility accelerating third-party development governance nodes staking token for basic access and app rental contact caspian problem: current market challenges the digital asset space has grown exponentially since bitcoin launched april average daily trading volume across all digital asset exchanges exceeded billion usd equivalent, with total estimated market cap for blockchain instruments surpassing billion usd equivalent. market analysts expect that number grow trillion usd equivalent while the size the crypto space remains small compared traditional asset classes, the growth this sector unparalleled. more than exchanges are currently active. these, five exceed billion usd equivalent daily trading volume, and have more than million usd equivalent daily trading volume. would almost impossible attempt list all the tokens that have been issued date. the top coins alone each have market caps over billion usd equivalent, and among those, four coins see daily volume more than billion usd equivalent. therefore reasonable expect fragmentation both tokens and exchanges persistent feature blockchain markets the near medium term. april coinmarketcap.com evelyn chang, one stock analyst's trillion bull case for cryptocurrencies january cnbc april coinmarketcap.com april coinmarketcap.com april coinmarketcap.com unreliable trade execution executing trades the crypto market currently poses number challenges, varying complexity, investors. basic level, the current fragmentation digital asset exchanges, coupled with relatively low trading volumes compared traditional markets, often creates problems around liquidity and slippage. even comparatively small order sizes have the potential consume available liquidity, causing significant slippage from the current market price. this can lead high trading costs for market participants. because most existing digital asset exchanges began small ventures and have grown organically the market has surged, they often cannot handle large order volumes. result, exchanges often suffer from high latency. the case institutional traders particular, this has the potential undermine investment strategies causes delays executing trades. additionally, because the grassroots origins most incumbent exchanges, outages often occur result the stresses high trading volumes. there have been numerous cases users being locked out exchanges, some cases for days, due technical difficulties. many cases, exchanges lack adequate customer support, which can increase frustration the part traders. olga kharif, biggest crypto exchanges hit delays with demand surging november bloomberg https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/--/bi ggest-u-s-crypto-exchange-hit-by-delays-as-demand-su rges) beyond periodic performance failures, trading, particularly across both traditional and digital asset venues, presents number other difficulties. regulated exchanges now list instruments such crypto futures, and expect this trend accelerate publicly-traded companies increase their exposure crypto and additional derivatives arise. this requires purchasers have the ability access both traditional and digital asset exchanges and fluidly exchange fiat for digital assets and vice-versa. many these products are also highly regulated and may not available lawfully. the ability rebalance portfolios presents another challenge for investors trading across disparate exchanges. traditionally, rebalancing tool used investors ensure that trades are made that maintain certain allocation targets across portfolio that constantly fluctuating. the digital asset space, the fragmentation exchanges makes this difficult, because platform currently exists that can monitor capital deployments for single portfolio transacting multiple exchanges. lack security all digital asset traders are aware the security risks that currently exist purchasing digital assets. exchanges are vulnerable hackers, risk that has been born out series thefts resulting the loss over billion usd equivalent since existing exchanges lack many the customer protections offered trading steve stecklow, chaos and hackers stalk investors cryptocurrency exchanges september reuters (https://www.reuters.com/investigates/special-report/bi tcoin-exchanges-risks/) platforms traditional markets. these include effective customer support and risk management capabilities. risk management crucial element trading any asset class, and it, takes added dimensions for the digital asset space. these include the counterparty risk that present when transacting any individual exchange. traders must make contingencies mitigate the likelihood that exchange will suddenly fail, taking investor funds with it. market participants must also account for liquidity risk. the fragmentation the market leads situations which there insufficient liquidity given exchange fully exit position. lack reporting compliance and all fund managers recognize the need for strong compliance procedures. crypto funds are exception, but the fragmentation that exists among the various exchanges can make satisfying these needs difficult. the aggregated information required simply not available. this leaves market participants difficult circumstances which they must contrive individual solutions this problem. some cases, this can mean maintaining spreadsheet keep track trader's fund's various investments, developing their own reference lists determine current pricing other necessary metrics. this obviously creates significant risk error. institutional entities are also required keep extensive audit records for both internal and regulatory purposes. the details are often granular the level individual traders, triggers pre-trade limits, and order amendments. these outputs are not available most crypto exchanges, and result, funds must build proprietary systems significant expense order monitor and log all activity. institutional investors must also provide regular reports other investors and stakeholders regarding exposures, liquidity risk, portfolio returns, value risk, summary performance, and future outlook. current exchange fragmentation can make this difficult. addition regulatory and reporting requirements, investors need able monitor their positions up-to-the-minute basis. currently, they can only achieve this watching each platform simultaneously. there currently consolidated system for monitoring positions across different exchanges. many funds are also sold through regulated entities and/or regulated themselves, the quality and security custody, well other prudential standards such financial crime compliance are particularly important. opportunity clearly exists provide investors with the tools address the crypto market's current shortcomings. the space grows and institutional players increase their exposure crypto instruments, the demand for such tools will grow stronger. solution: institutional grade crypto trading platform caspian ecosystem designed solve the problems facing crypto investors using single, user-friendly interface. achieves this providing sophisticated connectivity and interoperability across various digital asset exchanges. caspian expected drive further growth digital asset participation the part institutional and experienced investors. caspian equips investors with comprehensive oems, pms and rms, backed comprehensive customer support. its features include professional-grade execution, position management, and reporting capabilities. tora leading supplier asset management technology, including oems that averages monthly notional equity volume exceeding us$ billion and currently responsible for japanese institutional equity trading volume. the company, with connectivity over equities and derivatives exchanges, well clients north america, asia, europe and australia, ideally positioned launch caspian, which will the first large-scale institutional infrastructure specifically aimed traditional asset management firms, and market makers. caspian not designed disrupt the current digital asset space compete with existing exchanges. its purpose support purchasing digital asset instruments reliable manner large number entrants, helping bring liquidity, volume, and dynamism the sector. with over six decades collective experience building and managing technology and trading systems, caspian's senior management team uniquely positioned build strong, flexible, secure platform capable attracting participation the part major traders and market makers. caspian currently connects over major digital asset exchanges. the platform plans add forty additional trading venues additional details can found the roadmap section this document. caspian joint venture between two firms, tora and kenetic, each which have successful track records asset management and cryptocurrency investing. team overview caspian's senior management team brings decades combined experience finance and technology. members the caspian team have held senior roles well-known investment firms and technology companies, and several were early adopters blockchain technology. their respective roles tora and kenetic, they have proven their ability work effectively together building financial and trading solutions that have achieved major success. michael lerch, chairman founder and cio evolution capital management, employing approximately people. founder tora. prior founding evolution, mike worked number senior management and trading positions bulge bracket investment banks. mike holds b.a. politics from princeton university. robert dykes, ceo co-founder tora ceo for the past years. prior that, robert spent years the enterprise software and high-tech industry europe, north america, and asia such companies webpartner and audiosoft. robert holds b.a. economics from princeton university. david wills, coo co-founder kenetic coo since inception. prior that, david spent years managing director and head asia trading och-ziff capital and was the former chairperson hkex hedge fund market council. david holds b.a. psychology and b.comm. finance economics from the university sydney. applications and analytical tools for various hedge funds and bulge bracket investment banks. gerrit holds b.s. computer science from stanford university. paul catuna, cfo tora cfo for the past years. prior that, paul held senior financial positions wagic, intertop, and isonics. paul spent the first years his career public accounting, last serving senior manager deloitte. paul holds b.s. business accounting from california state university, fresno and certified public accountant. jehan chu, chief strategy officer co-founder and managing partner kenetic. former front-end developer with over years' experience web and enterprise application development. jehan founded the ethereum community (), and co-founded the bitcoin association hong kong (). jehan holds b.a. from johns hopkins university. gerrit van wingerden, cto co-founder managing director tora for the past years. prior that, gerrit managed the development high volume trading beyond its experienced management team, caspian supported the resources both partners the joint venture, tora and kenetic. between tora's leading oems global trading platform and kenetic's industry-leading expertise blockchain, the caspian full-stack digital asset management solution backed full team over people. key features and benefits this section outlines the caspian model currently envisaged and designed, but subject modification caspian effectively aggregates prices, bid/ask information, orders, positions, accounts, and executions from multiple crypto exchanges and other sources, presenting the information single platform. allows users act this information sending orders exchanges individually using smart order router based existing tora technology. the benefits the caspian platform can organized into three overarching categories corresponding the current needs the crypto-trading space: execution, position management, and compliance. further enhancement plans are described the roadmap section this document. execution oems: caspian provides unified control center optimized for fast trading, which will serve the main hub for portfolio managers and traders. based upon technology built tora serve its large client base, and has been enhanced cater the specific needs the crypto space. this single interface provides the following: access selected major digital asset exchanges through single interface. unless specified otherwise, all features described here are available the system now, e.g. from day one. for each specific exchange, oems enables access all order types, asset types, and ticket sizes supported given exchange. apis allowing traders stage and send orders and slices; obtain order, execution, and position information; and receive pricing information, exposure breakdowns, and other transaction information. the future, the api will enhanced allow access margin information, additional smart order router (sor) control, and other metrics. ability view prices, bid/ask, and depths for each exchange the smallest available ticket size. ability stage, send, and amend orders multiple ways, including single-click orders sent directly from the price depth; user-defined order shortcuts; and order staging and slicing. choice whether and how use caspian's sor. ability stage order intentions parent orders, slicing them child orders that can sent different exchanges separately via caspian's sor. this can used optimize slippage and liquidity consumption each exchange. messaging functionality for each order-related action, communicating any potential compliance breach. ability view and manage margin across multiple exchanges. ability view the progress each order order slice. users can receive alerts about slippage time-to-fill, allowing them take action depending market conditions. position information for each crypto pair instrument, enabling traders quickly react market conditions using caspian liquidation features. ability utilize workflows across multiple distinct users and user roles. single organization can assign different roles its members, e.g., portfolio managers, traders, compliance officers. audit report generation for all activity the oems. part its -month roadmap, caspian also plans add pre-trade transaction cost analysis (tca) checks identify which exchanges will the most apt execute orders that need get filled. smart order router (sor): this module enables users view all exchanges single pool liquidity. the smart order router sends order with given objective for example, sell eth and buy btc within certain price limit multiple exchanges once order achieve quick execution even the case large orders. the sor algorithm smart enough prioritize exchanges based criteria including price, liquidity, and commission that the best outcome can achieved with little slippage possible. algorithms: caspian builds upon tora's algorithm framework and kenetic's trading expertise provide institutional-grade algorithms from day one. each order can assigned particular algorithm, which can then route slices across multiple exchange venues using caspian's smart order routing logic. traders can control the behavior trading algorithm applying set parameters, and can monitor its performance throughout the lifecycle the order. the same time, more sophisticated traders can also closely monitor all orders that the algorithm engines slice the market. they can manually override order parameters order fine-tune the behavior given algorithm. user-built strategies: addition the predefined complex strategies offered caspian's algorithm suites, end users will have the ability define their own strategies for managing orders using simple rule-based language. for example, user could create order that executes the price asset increases more hour. alerts: caspian offers built-in mechanism allowing clients configure alerts, which can appear pop-ups delivered emails. clients have the freedom define the conditions under which such alerts are triggered, combining indicators, order parameters, position data, and market data. this logic built top proprietary coding language similar excel functions. position risk management pms and rms: caspian's pms and rms together allow users monitor their positions, p&ls, and exposures and maintain detailed records each. they sit downstream from the oems, which sends them all execution and order information. while the oems designed light and nimble for fast trading, the pms and rms record and track every piece data perpetuity. this allows investor view all its positions and historical data any time. using these features, users can maintain complete book records for given trading entity and can view the data real time historically. the future, existing risk features from the tora platform will ported caspian, including value risk, shift scenarios, and stress test scenarios. reconciliations: caspian's detailed, user-friendly recordkeeping functions make easy perform reconciliations. traditional finance, the presence multiple counterparties, including brokers, custodians, and fund administrators, requires reconciliation among all parties ensure that all transactions have been carried out agreed. this also true the digital asset space, where the difficulty impossibility rolling back transactions means the ability recognize and correct errors critical. rebalancing: this function, currently being ported over caspian part the company's short-term roadmap, applies multiple scenarios. for example, when fund needs invest divest funds without altering the relative allocation each asset within the vehicle, separate order must created for each instrument. alternatively, fund may employ strategy dictating certain ideal level exposure per currency per exchange. inevitably, funds drift from those targets, and rebalancing can help generate orders that continually bring the fund back line with its objectives. allocation engine: the allocation engine allows trading through single order and single exchange account, even the result the trade intended distributed different funds, portfolios, strategies other business units. the allocation engine transparently handles all aspects the distribution the outcome trade into corresponding business units, allowing the trader focus achieving the best execution for the order. the allocation engine covers wide range use cases, including: static order allocation, which enables the allocation logic order defined per-share, percentage, per-nav basis. dynamic position-based allocation, which allocates trades line with rules applied whole portfolios and business units. ensuring fair price distribution across business units. compliance and reporting compliance engine: the compliance engine based tora's proprietary technology, which offers extremely low latency and extensive functionality, well robust framework that allows caspian implement new limits and compliance rules quickly and efficiently. the compliance engine provides multiple levels functionality address user defined limits and rules covering both pre-trade and post-trade workflows. pre-trade limits, which include simple limits well more complex portfolio trading parameters such exposure limits. these limits can delay order execution until compliance checks are complete. they can triggered various stages trade, including staging, sending, amending order. there are three levels the limits: warning limits, which can overridden the user; approval limits, which require supervisor approve the order before can sent market; and absolute limits, which cannot overridden. post-trade compliance includes alerts, monitoring, and reporting. alerts and reports can delivered users via email other mechanisms, either schedule they occur. reporting engine: from day one, caspian will feature robust reporting capabilities, consisting simple "flat file" reports such trade files, snapshot reports, position data, audit reports, and compliance reports. these options offer flexibility preparing graphical reports and other external-facing materials. part our roadmap, are also working solution that incorporates tora's proprietary reporting engine allow users design report templates including graphs, editable tables, and filtering. users can then schedule and receive graphical reports directly pdf, excel format, powerpoint. which users can use "one-stop shop." this includes execution data, instrument information and instrument prices (both real-time and mark-to-market), margin and account information, and volumes and liquidity information. online dashboards: once caspian integrates the tora reporting engine, will able harness number associated dashboarding functionalities. particular, will enable customizable web dashboards, enabling users to: view web-based visualizations ad-hoc basis, including exposure breakdown graphs, margin reports, and order fill status. amend visualization real time adding formula columns tables changing chart types. save their amended visualizations both new report that can scheduled and sent file, and new dashboard that can viewed online. importation data: caspian's various modules import the data provided each exchange via its protocols and apis, focusing the information into single portal technical summary architecture caspian cloud-based platform, with distributed services built around microservice architecture, and functionality accessible via thin uis and apis. this creates significant flexibility, allowing the platform accommodate solutions ranging from private clouds hosted client's traditional datacenter environments supporting large numbers clients hosted cloud computing platforms provided established players the space. each aspect the system managed distinct service with dedicated communication channel, its own api, and built-in protocol for subscribing its data. the back end, the services are either configured run dedicated processes, several (usually related) services can bound together run into single process. the services can offer data through both request/reply and publish/subscribe mechanism. the backend services are linked high speed, certified message delivery technology. this offers range advantages: decoupling services that not require mutual awareness the components that act their clients. plug-and-play architecture enabling the addition new components handle new services. ability set different communication priorities for various services. scalability: the plug-and-play architecture makes easy add new service instances capable handling greater loads accommodating more clients. built-in mechanism that guarantees data lost traveling between the various components. high data throughput. performance the system designed handle large volumes data while ensuring low latency for messages their way and from the exchanges. while caspian was not initially designed for high frequency trading, the capacity and latency numbers can achieve nonetheless approximate the performance such client would need. specifically, caspian designed handle orders and executions per day per user, with throughput over orders per second. scalability caspian partitions data and communication channels into distinct spaces for each client. these silos can further refined into narrower categories based the needs each client, according relevant criteria (regions, types products traded etc). backend services are configured handle one more such partitions, aiming keep the load each instance below set threshold, with setup closely monitored. upper capacity limit reached, re-partitioning occurs and new instances are automatically manually launched (depending specific client needs) cover the new distribution. reliability reliability key strategic priority for the tora system upon which caspian was built, leading uptime the past ten years operation. this achieved via number complementary functions: fault tolerance and high availability: all critical caspian services have built-in redundancy and replication, ensuring resilient architecture with single point failure. standby instance always ready seamlessly take over, avoiding any disruption the event problem. load balancing: the services are exposed via load balancer, which runs routing algorithm redirect any request the least contended gateway instance, which most capable handling the request the time made. business continuity plan/disaster recovery (bcp/dr): for the low-probability but high-severity risk major failure that could render the primary site unreachable unusable, caspian will offer backup cloud. this disaster recovery environment will constantly updated mirror the state the active cloud, and will ready take over activated, avoiding any disruption end users. tools and processes: matter how much effort put into the proper design, implementation, and quality control, acknowledge that there perfect software and there always chance something may wrong. handle such unforeseen issues, caspian has built-in "safety nets" and control mechanisms. various "health check" jobs and sanity tasks are run automatically regular basis. notifications are then sent the production support team, which will preemptively take the necessary corrective measures. security security paramount. order ensure the privacy and integrity all data flowing through the caspian ecosystem, the following features are place: connectivity between the client application and the cloud created private leased line encrypted connections over the internet, the client app access can limited only from set concrete whitelisted ips. secure user sign-in enforced through "strong" password complexity requirements and two-factor authentication. access the back end restricted limited number authorized administrative and support users. integration with isolated exchange api "signing" service, which securely stores the end user's exchange api keys and handles the message signing without exposing the keys the vault. connections exchanges third-party systems are always encrypted when supported the exchange, regardless whether the messaging handled via fix, rest any other proprietary protocol. support any solution only strong the support around it. this front, the digital asset space has been historically weak. caspian will leverage the resources tora and kenetic offer professional, multilingual product support team based initial service level agreement. all issues are sorted according their service impact level, with anything that affects trading activity assigned the highest urgency. tora has excellent track record working with demanding clients the traditional finance world, resolving providing workarounds critical issues within minutes most cases. caspian's support team skilled and experienced using enterprise software provide level support unparalleled the digital asset space. senior developers are rotated among support teams that both level and level support issues can handled intraday with delays. ongoing development adaptability and advantage and challenge the crypto space the rapid pace change. any solution must able quickly adapt new tradable products, new exchanges, new digital assets, and new technologies. many cases, this requires actual development, making skilled, flexible, and adaptable development team even more critical. leveraging tora's development team over people, caspian offers this flexibility. the team employs the agile methodology, with short, efficient -week development cycles ("sprints"), allowing caspian swiftly and efficiently adapt any changes. audit having systems that are auditable must for institutional clients. every action the caspian system timestamped and recorded, providing detailed audit trail, where any information like the time, the user and the nature the change can consulted later juncture, enabling the clients track any change back its origin while providing sufficient information for any regulatory audit. modularity integration and third-party while the caspian solution designed one-stop, turn-key solution for the digital asset space, any its modules can easily connected integrated with other third-party systems and solutions, including digital asset exchanges, risk management systems, and proprietary portfolio management systems. caspian plans offer variety such integrations, allowing clients choose the individual components that are appropriate their current workflow and have caspian connect other systems necessary. business plan and growth strategy caspian currently operational and connected over ten exchanges. expect add forty exchanges the ecosystem the end plan grow the business and roll out additional features and functionality over the following months, outlined below: partnerships with existing exchanges speed client acquisition and facilitate introduction high volume traders. customer outreach through service providers such fund administrators. caspian plans connect with various service providers that work with new and existing asset managers evaluating the crypto space. expect these relationships major source new clients looking for institutional-grade trading platform. build the existing relationships both kenetic and tora identify and reach out traditional asset managers looking move into crypto asset classes, well existing crypto funds. caspian well placed reach these groups early stage and drive their adoption the platform. expansion into crypto communities, including organizing trading competitions, setting bounty programs and other community programs. outreach aimed developer communities, including organizing hackathons. outreach relevant industry bodies, including financial information exchange (fix) and the alternative investment management association (aima). promotion caspian through events, trade shows, conferences and meet-ups. online marketing strategy focused institutional and experienced traders. provisional -month roadmap the table below shows caspian's expected development roadmap for the next months. initially, the team intends focus core functionality and exchange connectivity. once these milestones are achieved, emphasis will placed implementing more complex functions and user interfaces. this roadmap subject change based market conditions, token-based governance, legal/regulatory considerations and customer feedback. supported exchanges fix api access basic algos basic sor sor enhancements algo enhancements additional exchanges pre-trade exchange-based tca limits: identify overall market impact when using sor work across exchanges latency: proximity exchanges for rebalancing graphical reporting and visualizations rest api access xnew algos liquidity risk value risk stress testing sensitivity shifts margin: api access token ecosystem token model objectives overview and the caspian token (csp) erc- compliant token issued the ethereum blockchain. the csp token model has been designed serve several principal objectives. the broadest sense, the goal link caspian's best-in-class functionality with token that incentivizes platform use and the development unique third-party tools and features. specifically, the token intended create rich, participatory ecosystem where platform users also become community members with active interest the platform. this accomplished giving the token user-to-platform utility (discount and governance) and user-to-user/developer utility. broadly speaking, the token not required access the platform but can used enhance one's experience through intentional variety means and get variety benefits. the hope that users unfamiliar with token utility will incentivized take steps toward using the token gradually more complex ways. user-to-platform utility: the commission discount programs (guaranteed and dynamic) and the discount payment function will provide fundamental value the token allowing token holders earn and potentially combine different discounts that can offset platform fees. the governance node framework will also enable members the token community contribute platform direction. user-to-user utility: the csp rewards developers who offer their apps for free. caspian will incentivize third-party development the platform though grants, bounties, and rewards engine. this will allow the (vetted) emergence new features the platform, complementing the base features with richer and more attractive functionality. token provides utility but not necessary: the token designed enhance the user experience and enrich the caspian community. not designed necessary enjoy the base feature set the platform. even without the token, clients can use all core features discussed the preceding sections. that said, using the csp token will open access unique benefits that should compelling wide range users, and the multiple sources utility allows different users find value the token different ways. token "staking": many the benefits for token holders will involve sending tokens staking contract. this designed primarily means accounting for the token balances active users. tokens sent the contract cannot used for transfer trading. however, users will retain the ability withdraw tokens from the staking smart contract any time their own discretion. used this section, the term 'staking' means sending tokens the staking contract, from which token balances will read. when user stakes tokens the address, caspian will track that user's total staking balance and the times which that balance has changed. will use that ensure benefits are appropriately calculated outlined below. individual staked token can only allocated one the benefit mechanisms, though user can stake different tokens for different benefits. for purposes determining the governance council, all user's staked tokens are counted. commission discount function the commission discount program has three forms. the first offers token stakers guaranteed discount that increases predictable manner over time long the tokens remain staked. the second allows users paying csp tokens receive additional discount their fees. the third potential dynamic discount, with further details published due course.. order count towards discount, tokens must have been staked for one week, counted seven consecutive -hour periods, the daily calculation hour. tokens begin accrue benefits beginning the eighth day after they have been staked. the eighth day falls midweek, token holders will accrue partial discount for that week, with full discount applied the following week, assuming the tokens remain staked. for purposes the guaranteed discount, staked tokens designated towards the discounting benefits gain weight each week they are fully staked, maximum weeks. that point, staked tokens are considered "full weight". guaranteed discount the guaranteed discount function establishes mechanism where users can access set discount that increases over time. the discount accruing tokens staked towards this option increases the rate one percentage point per week, cap the value tokens staked must greater than client's weekly average daily trade volumes order qualify. the staking threshold established each week based the previous week's trading and token price data. the user must maintain average balance above this threshold order accrue another point discount. establishing minimum staking threshold based combination individual client's own notional trading volume and the fiat equivalent value the token represents effort make the discount accessible range clients, from moderate users the most active. the system also flexible and responsive one, where clients will able adjust their staked token amounts relative both their own activity the platform and fluctuations the token price. illustrate this, imagine client with average daily trading volume us$ million throughout week (assuming the client has already fulfilled all staking requirements week and currently discount). during week the csp average token price was $.. for week the same client would need maintain staked token balance tokens--the fiat equivalent tokens $,, per token--in order gain additional discount point towards the ceiling under the guaranteed discount program. the client did maintain average token balance the client would enjoy discount. should week close with the client's average staked token balance below the necessary threshold (for example, situation where the client's trading volume had increased during week requiring increase staked tokens for week the client would have grace period hours remedy the deficiency order continue accumulate discount points during the new week. client who fails top deficient staking minimum beyond the hour grace period suffers penalty and simply does not accrue additional discount point for the new week. during second week unremedied deficiency, the client's discount diminished relative the prior week. effect, the hypothetical client reverts their week discount level. client that does not address deficient token staking balance after the second week will see their staking discount reset the initial discount. caspian reserves the right modify the staking threshold temporarily suspend staking minimums extreme circumstances, including response sudden market drops that raise effective token staking thresholds. discount payment function caspian will offer users who pay fees csp maximum discount that stacks with other discounts. user who stakes tokens part the guaranteed discount and pays fees csp would receive maximum discount platform fees. dynamic discount caspian intends develop dynamic discount program that has the potential offer greater discount those staking tokens. further details will released due course. user user utility accelerating third-party development the csp token will play critical role incentivizing third-party development and integration top the caspian platform. possibilities include advanced charting libraries, user interface modifications, external trading signal feeds, stress tests for trading strategies. third-party developers will have two options when offering application service the platform: selling usage the app service: order use app service, users pay developer-determined subscription fee. caspian will retain portion this subscription fee platform host. order offer app for sale, developers must stake* tokens deterrent against offering poor apps service. *this staking mechanism may different mechanism the other staking described this paper. further details will published due course. offering the app token stakers: instead offering apps exchange for subscription fees, developers can make them accessible users who stake tokens use them. developers who offer their apps this way specify the monthly staking requirement and become eligible for tokens. applications offered this way are called 'free apps' because users aren't required pay--only stake tokens. examples include third-party charting fundamental analysis services with access fee set staked tokens per month per user, whatever amount the developer deems appropriate. 'free apps' token stakers order view the 'free apps,' users must stake least one csp. beyond that, each app's token 'staking price' indicates its precise staking requirement. users can only access many 'free apps' their total staking balance will support. user has ten total staked csps for purposes applications, s/he can only activate number apps whose cumulative staking price ten tokens. this designed discourage bloatware while still supporting open application development: users aren't spending tokens, but are rather determining where allocate scarce resources. this should prevent the adoption frivolous apps designed downloaded many users. tokens staked for app access are not eligible for guaranteed dynamic discount. this variation the "freemium" model. ecosystem development incentives from time time, caspian will consider providing rewards application developers offering their apps caspian platform users. these rewards are based variety factors caspian's discretion, but are premised app being provided for free return for number tokens specified the developer staked. course, application developers always remain free decide the fee staking amount (if any) access their app. whilst ultimately application developer's discretion, staking can provide way for developers test features and gauge interest, recognizing that user more likely stake token use app, since that token will eventually returned, than pay for it. instead spending valuable asset, they are simply setting aside while they use the app and providing 'payment' the form opportunity cost. the purpose caspian's discretionary rewards approach incentivize developers consider allowing users test their apps for free (or staked basis), rather than immediately requiring fee from users. this can help users access innovative apps and test their quality, before deciding whether pay for them (if and when they are offered paid basis). this key element caspian's vision build true community quality platform members, users, and developers. further details will released due course. additional development bounties caspian's csp token will play several additional roles supporting third-party development: development bounties: rewards mechanism slowly releases caspian-held tokens into bounty pools incentivize developers build out key infrastructure, integration, and plug-ins. distribution determined caspian collaboration with the governance nodes. caspian may choose fund specific development integrations establishing bounties for developers target specific tools functionalities. community bounties: users will have the opportunity vote for new features apps they would like the see the platform. bounties for winning features plug-ins maybe awardable. ultimately, the nature the app-platform will depend heavily caspian's user base, and caspian will informed its community council top token stakers help decide where prioritize its resources. caspian will allow users vote new features that have bounties attached. these are expected spur development, with caspian reserving the right unilaterally establish bounties for use the company's discretion. governance nodes caspian will implement governance function that enables key members the community provide input overall platform development. this governing group functions council with which caspian can regularly consult, particularly relates caspian's evolution into platform for third-party development. the group will help define the bounty pools and participate the allocation development grants. exchange for their input, governance nodes receive additional discount trading fees above that offered result token staking. governance nodes guide minimum caspian's development resources for integration new exchanges and new tokens, well the addition new base-level features developed the caspian team. each quarter, caspian will consult with its current governance nodes set priorities for the quarter. this ultimately will include milestones and development targets, which caspian will communicate these nodes. caspian has the right transfer governance activities platform and potentially onto blockchain. the top token stakers globally will serve governance nodes and help guide the development the platform. tokens must have been staked for least six weeks eligible for entry into this group. membership determined quarterly. token stakers can choose opt out governance and transfer their status the next staker. contact caspian request further information, please use the following outreach channel: email: info@caspian.tech caspian, ltd. registered office, intertrust corporate services (cayman) limited, elgin avenue, george town, grand cayman ky-, cayman islands