cazcoin whitepaper revolutionary digital currency driven real-world use-cases july for further information please visit our website www.cazcoin.io contact support@cazcoin.io copyright all rights reserved cazcoin page platform overview table contents .thecompany .the team .what problems are solved cazcoin? providing real-world places spend cryptocurrencies providing the means for long term income from investment cryptocurrencies providing access for small players crypto exchanges providing solutions for typical e-commerce problems .the market opportunity the e-commerce market the cryptocurrency market .the customer owners cryptocurrencies start-ups looking for exchanges .the cazcoin business model supply chain models business platform models business the cazprojects business model .the products cazshop cazcharge cazex detail cazshop and cazcharge solutions for e-commerce .technical specifications cazcoin technical details consensus, staking and masternodes benefits the masternode model the cazcoin requirements for masternodes the benefits staking owning masternode cazcoin additional income for masternode owners .the competition .marketing plan .token economics .partners .traction progress date roadmap way forward for further information please visit our website www.cazcoin.io contact support@cazcoin.io copyright all rights reserved cazcoin page platform overview the company cazcoin owned cazprojects, limited company, registered england and wales. the cazcoin vision bring cryptocurrency real-world use and adoption cazcoin blockchain-driven platform that identifies and addresses real-world use cases for cryptocurrency while providing opportunity for cazcoin provides user-friendly and scalable payments sys-tem that will allow everybody use cyptocurrenc-ies, including its own utility coin, the caz, pay for goods and services. can utilized variety stake holders, including has set platform that robust enough support its first project current and potential buyers and traders cryptocurrencies the e-commerce space but immediately looking for other use manufacturers and vendors goods and services effect the communities builds and drives the use the caz providers utilities like electricity, water, and transport cases link its central platform. this will leverage the network currency. cazcharge cazcharge cazshop cazcharge cazex business-to-business (bb) and business-to-consumer (bc) cross-border e-commerce platform. this already fullyworking product, which had its online release june mobile platform recharge mobile phones and pay utility bills. mvp stage centralized cryptocurrency exchange for small medium cap coins facilitate the use multiple currencies, including caz. also mvp stage for further information please visit our website www.cazcoin.io contact support@cazcoin.io copyright all rights reserved cazcoin page platform overview the company the cazcoin platform built for facilitating cross-border payments and will operate many countries, including emerging markets asia and africa. will also work actively partner with projects working similar space. the cazcoin blockchain based the bitcoin model, together with second-layer network masternodes facilitate instant transactions (instantsend) and private transactions (privatesend). owners masternodes will benefit from block rewards and fees for transactions that they undertake behalf the network. additionally, they will have share profits from robust platforms and more the future. this will provide opportunities for lifelong incomes. cryptocurrency usage has never been this easy for further information please visit our website www.cazcoin.io contact support@cazcoin.io copyright all rights reserved cazcoin page platform overview the team have brought together people from all around the world provide diverse skills and international perspectives our team. they will play important role getting global exposure and building the community for the cazcoin project. sampath (sam) varma matthew barker founder and ceo coo cazcoin and project manager cazex sam has business degree from singapore institute technology and mba from the mit school business india. has business mind looking for business ideas. has been founder three businesses and determined make success cazprojects. matthew australian, with background the public sector. has solid, hands-on experience large-scale projects and procurement. robert faust gavin dullaghan cto project manager for cazshop robert from the usa. has background the trucking and logistics industries and will this bring expertise the shipping side the business. responsible for new innovations cazcoin and will also manage the company profile technical social platforms. gavin irish. has built his own companies from seed and brings his experience successful business owner and e-commerce expert. believes that the future e-commerce the blockchain and with cryptocurrency. vladimir malakchi tudorache alexandru marketing head business development manager vladimir from cyprus. expert blockchain, icos, marketing and investing. has worked social media marketing for the past years. after completing successful projects via kickstarter and indigogo knows how ensure the success startups. tudorache romanian. seasoned business consultant with strong sales background. experienced niche sectors such affiliate marketing, digital marketing, high-risk payment processing, and website management. his true calling selling services. michael creadon senior advisor michael has more than years' experience journalism and the traditional financial markets. now focuses research and analysis about cryptocurrencies, aiming give investors honest, reliable, unbiased information about global cryptocurrency markets. advisor numerous start-ups around the world. for further information please visit our website www.cazcoin.io contact support@cazcoin.io copyright all rights reserved cazcoin page platform overview the team chapter rplanx developers developers chapter infotech provides development services clients around the world. has been awarded top rated status upwork for consistent delivery quality work for complete year. they are experts web development, digital marketing, mobile applications and e-commerce stores. rplanx provides end-to-end technology business solutions. the team specializes blockchain, artificial intelligence, chatbot, internet things (iot), app development (android and ios) and web development. for further information please visit our website www.cazcoin.io contact support@cazcoin.io copyright all rights reserved cazcoin page platform overview what problems are solved cazcoin? providing real-world places spend cryptocurrencies the biggest problem solved cazcoin that owners cryptocurrencies don't have real-world places spend it. cazcoin and its supporting projects, cazshop, cazcharge and cazex provide platform and utility coin, the caz, which can used pay for day-to-day purchases, starting with clothing, electronic items and utilities such electricity and recharges for mobile phones. customers are not limited the caz, the platforms will accept other cryptocurrencies and there will the facility convert and from fiat currencies. the cazex exchange will facilitate the ability owners smaller newer cryptocurrencies use them for real purchases. providing the means for longterm income from investment cryptocurrencies many people invest cryptocurrencies for speculative purposes and the hope that the value will increase. this often unsuccessful. sometimes this because there real project underpinning the coin. sometimes because the coins have utility value. the market extremely volatile, and there little certainty long-term survival the coin. unlike many cryptocurrency projects, the cazcoin platform backed strong projects. powered the caz coin, utility coin that designed and embedded the blockchain infrastructure. can used means payment not only within its own ecosystem but also day-to-day life. so, buyers caz coins can trade them various exchanges they choose, but the primary purpose use them for shopping. owners other currencies can trade them for caz for the same purpose. investment addition, the masternode technology underpinning the cazcoin blockchain allows owners masternodes earn caz through the services they provide the network. this can regarded form interest the masternode. addition, masternode owners will earn percentage the profits the current projects and any future projects. this will provide ongoing income them. more detail the masternode model provided section for further information please visit our website www.cazcoin.io contact support@cazcoin.io copyright all rights reserved cazcoin page platform overview providing access for small players crypto exchanges one the most difficult hurdles for start-ups the blockchain and crypto space get market exposure and adoption their tokens coins. registration crypto exchanges critical for this, but the cost and delay doing can crippling. the cazex exchange niche offering meet the needs start-ups and coins with small medium-sized market capitalization. providing solutions for typical ecommerce problems e-commerce has changed the face business. prior its evolution, successful trading hinged the strategic location the business. now it's global marketplace where even small retailer from town village can have global presence. however, online trading does not come without its problems. some these are: market domination large players fees structures ownership customer relationships rigid platform architecture the time and cost cross-border transactions cazcoin has unique solutions for these problems through its cazshop and cazcharge platforms. these are provided more detail section data security and ownership transactional risk for further information please visit our website www.cazcoin.io contact support@cazcoin.io copyright all rights reserved cazcoin page platform overview the market opportunity the e-commerce market according statista, global e-commerce revenues are projected grow trillion more than doubling the figure trillion. global retail sales grew compared and e-commerce accounted for over these sales. figure global retail e-commerce sales the same report forecasts growth the number digital buyers from billion billion this can perhaps represented the growth paypal accounts. the following graph shows steady growth, quarter quarter, from people are clearly becoming more comfortable with online and mobile payments. paypal now has million active accounts. the growth the use mobile phones and internet technology conduct financial transactions shown the global findex report. some interesting statistics emerged from this report: figure number paypal's registered user accounts from the quarter globally, about billion adults remain unbanked, but billion them have access mobile phone and financial services are therefore becoming more accessible. another finding was that, globally, billion adults who have account still use cash pay utility bills. more utility providers offered attractive options for paying bills, both sides would benefit. high-income economies, adults without bank accounts and those with bank accounts have sent received digital payments the last year. developing countries, the number for those without bank accounts and %for those with bank accounts. china, most mobile financial services are provided through third-party payment services like alipay and wechat, using smartphone apps linked bank financial institution. however africa, for example kenya, financial services are provided directly network service providers and are not linked financial institution. interesting finding was that most developing countries paid for online purchases cash delivery. china, the other hand, those who bought something online also paid for online. for further information please visit our website www.cazcoin.io contact support@cazcoin.io e-commerce growing. all the trends are positive cazcharge for business ventures like cazshop and cazcharge that have identified niche this competitive market. both cazshop and cazcharge fit with the growing trends towards digital transfers and the use mobile technologies. they will provide opportunities for digital payments for online purchases and utility bills. copyright all rights reserved cazcoin page platform overview the market opportunity the cryptocurrency market the market for cryptocurrencies characterized both growth and volatility. according investing.com's march statistics, there were cryptocurrencies, with total market capitalization billion. the top currencies accounted for this value, the rest were worth combined billion. clearly, not all cryptocurrencies are worth paying attention to, and many will not survive. both the growth and the volatility this market are shown noting that only months later, july the same website, investing. com was showing total currencies, but the market cap had fallen hundred billion dollars billion. the pattern remained the same, however, with the top currencies the total) accounting for the value, and the rest being worth combined billion. the bottom the total currencies) had zero market value. this view supported results from cointracking. they list total coins, but only have market cap above zero. total are listed "dead/scam". this somewhat dismal picture should balanced noting that the total market cap for cryptocurrencies july was just billion. the current billion represents year-onyear growth however, avoid risk important carefully inspect projects before deciding contribute them. the coins and tokens with the least utility value are the riskiest. according coinidol, the best chance success may "projects exteriorizing the real needs cryptocurrency wallet owners, like convenient payment solutions, blockchain platforms, and infrastructure, well investment and trading tools". this definition true, then cazcoin has really good chance success, meets every one these success criteria. the caz utility coin, which can used means payment for day-to-day purchases cazcoin provides blockchain platform and the infrastructure for vendors goods and services, including utilities cazex provides investment and trading platform for holders cryptocurrencies, including the caz for further information please visit our website www.cazcoin.io contact support@cazcoin.io the cazshop and cazcharge projects provide convenient payment solutions for owners caz and other currencies copyright all rights reserved cazcoin page platform overview the customer the cryptocurrency market there are few categories customers for cazcoin: *owners cryptocurrencies who wish either invest and trade use the currencies for day-to-day purchases. *providers goods and services who are looking for ecommerce platform that will accept both fiat and cryptocurrencies means payment *start-ups looking for exchanges that will register their coins owners cryptocurrencies it's fairly difficult know just how many people actually own cryptocurrencies. using unique accounts not very helpful many are inactive hold very small amounts. also, many individuals have multiple accounts. similar findings came from online survey americans, also march which showed market penetration around this survey also found that many people were just not interested, and about were concerned about the risk. some indication numbers comes from march survey undertaken cryptoninjas, polling people the largest cryptocurrency markets: the us, uk, germany, brazil, japan, south korea, china, and india. other findings from these surveys showed that this study showed that, average, out people were aware cryptocurrencies the sample owned cryptocurrencies. (the people polled were internet users, this percentage may lower for the general population. *japan showed the highest percentage followed the and usa *china was lowest but this number were extrapolated the general population, that would represent large number people. *only about those who didn't already own crypto said they were likely buy any the next months. for further information please visit our website www.cazcoin.io contact support@cazcoin.io *the level awareness growing quickly, although ownership still phase early adoption. *those with higher levels education are more likely owners. *more men than women are holding coins western countries; the distribution more even the east. *there generational skewing towards millennials. *while bitcoin and ethereum remain the most popular, other cryptocurrencies are starting gain traction. the average profile for those trading crypto exchanges also shows that least have some sort graduate college education and the age group the most active user group. copyright all rights reserved cazcoin page platform overview the customer the millennial market important. this the first "digitally native" generation, and their aggregate annual income expected surpass trillion while the focus has been given their demographic size and buying power the usa, more recent studies are showing that millennials live asia and the developing world. chinese and indian incomes will surpass that american millennials. pakistanis will overtake millennials europe. the highest growth income for millennials will bangladesh, indonesia, philippines, and thailand. some recent comments about crypto assets "commodity money" deserve repeating: economists continue debate the origins money, and why monetary systems seem have alternated between commodity and credit money throughout history. crypto assets indeed lead more prominent role for commodity money the digital age, the demand for central bank money likely decline. cannot rule out the possibility that some crypto assets will eventually more widely adopted and fulfill more the functions money some regions private e-commerce networks. giving attention millennials these countries will important for all marketing efforts. probably the most important market indicator for the potential growth the number crypto-owners the commentary coming from institutions such the imf (international monetary fund). for the skeptics, the comment from christine lagarde, the imf, may added: not long ago, some experts argued that personal computers would never adopted and that tablets would only used expensive coffee trays, think may not wise dismiss virtual currencies. managing director the imf, christine lagarde september monetary policy the digital age imf report, june the cazcoin project well set meet the needs customers: part cazcoin's stated objective grow the number crypto users and providing genuine use-cases such cazshop, cazcharge and cazex should achieve this. the target market for cazcoin the east and developing countries which also where there the greatest number millennials. for further information please visit our website www.cazcoin.io contact support@cazcoin.io the caz utility coin. might categorized "commodity money" used for day-to-day purchases. such, will ready for the anticipated move away from "credit money" and should encourage usage cryptocurrencies. addition, cazshop will undertake significant marketing exercise persuade manufacturers and sellers goods and services that appeal the target market, accept crypto-currencies medium for payment. copyright all rights reserved cazcoin page platform overview the customer start-ups looking for exchanges towards the end the height the cryptocurrency surge, exchanges were shutting out new users because they could not keep with demand. the number cryptocurrencies has exploded, too has the number exchanges. one estimate that there are least exchanges. despite this, most trading done through the top exchanges such binance, okex, bitflyer, coinex, and huobi. coinmarketcap lists exchanges. the day writing, the bottom this list traded just few hundred dollars day and less. getting listed exchange critical for new coin token. without it, market impact and adoption are almost impossible. the pairings available and access also fiat conversions give access the liquidity required any new cryptocurrency however, the cost listing, especially the larger exchanges, can prohibitive for start-ups. there are suggestions that these costs can run millions dollars. smaller projects can get lost the maze projects view. there are number ways rate exchanges. general, though, users look for user-friendliness, fair fees/exchange rates, low downtime, security and access wide range currencies. exchange can offer these, has the potential make significant income. according bloomberg, top exchanges like binance are probably earning over million, nearly billion per annum. fees vary, but average exchanges charge all trades. cazcoin has approached the issue crypto exchanges from sides: the first place, setting cazex business that likely generate significant income. the second place, positioning the cazex exchange niche offering meet the needs other start-ups and coins with small mediumsized market capitalization. summary: clear that there place the markets for the cazcoin platform, and its cazshop, cazcharge, and cazex projects, and that they will well-positioned and competitive. for further information please visit our website www.cazcoin.io contact support@cazcoin.io copyright all rights reserved cazcoin page platform overview the cazcoin business model anyone setting business today should taking account the shift business philosophy away from supply chain models towards the development platform ecosystems. supply chain models business any student strategy will familiar with the so-called "porter model". this model identifies forces" that impact the success companies: threat substitute products and services threat new entrants rivalry among the current competitors negotiation power buyers negotiation power suppliers the model based view business where companies control assets, protect them from imitation and competitors and create value controlling all activities, from input (eg materials from suppliers) final product output. supply-side economies scale are the driver; the goal have high sales lower the average cost doing business, thereby being able lower prices undercut competitors. there are high barriers entry, the most important which capital requirement. platform models business platform brings together producers and consumers. this not new for example, newspapers have always linked subscribers advertisers. however, technology has significantly reduced the complexity and barriers entry, particularly the need own physical infrastructure and assets. the cazshop e-commerce site good example. there are four players platform ecosystem owners control governance and intellectual property providers interface with users producers create offerings consumers/users use the offerings figure the players the cazshop platform ecosystem april publication the harvard business review, titled "pipelines, platforms and the new rules strategy". (https://hbr.org///pipelines-platforms-and-thenew-rules-of-strategy) for further information please visit our website www.cazcoin.io contact support@cazcoin.io copyright all rights reserved cazcoin page platform overview the cazcoin business model anyone setting business today should taking account the shift business philosophy away from supply chain models towards the development platform ecosystems. the players platform platform provides the infrastructure and the rules for marketplace that brings together producers and consumers. the players the ecosystem fill four main roles but many shifts rapidly from one role another. understanding the valu dat xch dback producers producers: creators the platform's offerings (for example, manufacturers clothing) providers: interfaces for the platform (for example, vendors clothing) consumers consumers: buyers users the offerings providers owner owner owner: controller the platform and arbiter who may participate and what ways (for example, cazcoin platform owns the cazshop platform) platform adapted from hbr diagram april cazcoin the owner, vendors goods and services are the providers, manufacturers suppliers are the producers, and buyers goods and services are the consumers/users. the platform can create incomes for both vendors and manufacturers while building consumer base the cazcoin platform. the community and the resources contributed its members are the assets this business. the driving force demand-side economies scale. value measured the number participants the platform and the number interactions there are. suppliers and customers are assets that add value the platform, not threats because their bargaining power. companies are increasingly realizing the benefits linking other services and partners, with their own platform being the center. some create different services their own but link them all together via central platform. the role the owner attract participants, facilitate interactions between them and provide governance for behavior the platform. the "network effect" comes into play. the larger the network and the better the match between supply and demand, the higher the value each interaction likely be. this drives further participation and grows market share. so, for example, have seen alibaba grow take over chinese ecommerce transactions. for further information please visit our website www.cazcoin.io flexibility the key success. the power platform ecosystem comes from the constant innovation the services provides and its ability adapt current trends and the potential threat new products and new entrants. the ultimate power the consumer base that has been built up, this can leveraged the platform moves into new areas business. google and apple are good examples platform models business. google moved from websearching maps, then mobile operating systems, voice recognition, and now even into driverless cars and home automation, always taking its customer base with it. apple has set central platform and linked itunes, the appstore, icloud and apple it. they can all accessed from single account any apple device. apple worth billion today, but has also provided the opportunity for app developers earn more than billion. apple created platform that benefitted its own devices and also allowed huge benefit other participants. this very different way thinking about business. contact support@cazcoin.io copyright all rights reserved cazcoin page platform overview the cazcoin business model anyone setting business today should taking account the shift business philosophy away from supply chain models towards the development platform ecosystems. the cazprojects business model cazprojects has set itself part this trend towards platform ecosystems and applying the new business philosophies that underpin it. the cazcoin platform ecosystem cazprojects has deliberately chosen develop platform (cazcoin) rather than product. leveraging the move towards cryptocurrencies, seeing the gap the market where owners cryptocurrencies don't have real-world places spend it. has introduced its own coin, the caz, further encourage the use cryptocurrencies and grow the community crypto owners. has introduced the latest technology the form blockchain, together with proof-of-stake algorithms that are the cutting edge research, and masternodes provide speed transaction. actively looking create partnerships with competitors and service providers the same space. looking link large number suppliers and sellers e-commerce platforms (cazshop and cazcharge) and facilitate their success. has set platform that robust enough support its first project the e-commerce space but immediately looking for other use cases link its central platform. this will leverage the network effect the communities builds and drives the use the caz currency. *cazshopan e-commerce platform, already fullyworking product, with its online release june *cazcharge mobile platform recharge mobile phones and pay utility bills mvp stage *cazex centralized cryptocurrency exchange for small medium cap coins facilitate the use multiple currencies, including caz. also mvp stage for further information please visit our website www.cazcoin.io contact support@cazcoin.io copyright all rights reserved cazcoin page platform overview the products anyone setting business today should taking account the shift business philosophy away from supply chain models towards the development platform ecosystems. cazshop the first project live the cazcoin platform the ecommerce platform called cazshop. working website was launched june the cazshop marketplace payment processing solution that enables merchants accept crypto currencies from buyers while receiving their funds fiat currency. the vision bring together buyers and sellers (bb and bc) and provide them with the opportunity use cryptocurrencies buy and sell goods. cazshop will facilitate their meeting and will provide the technical capability support their interaction and transactions. however, all dealings will peer-to-peer basis. the vision bring together buyers and sellers (bb and bc) and provide them with the opportunity use cryptocurrencies buy and sell goods. cazshop will facilitate their meeting and will provide the technical capability support their interaction and transactions. however, all dealings will peer-to-peer basis. advantages cazshop for vendors buyers pay crypto, you are paid fiat you choose integrated and intuitive dashboard manage your store simple and efficient catalog upload brand promotions through deals, promos, offers, and coupons easy access buyers with ever-growing crypto community fee sell your products until dec and minimal fee after that api integrate your own website recognition bestsellers shop with your caz coin other cryptocurrencies no-stock bonus. get extra caz your favorite product out stock special offers bonus days loyalty points you use caz purchase goods services cazcoin aims bring cryptocurrency closer real-world use and adoption. its cross-border e-marketplace will allow users instantly purchase exchange goods using its own caz coin and other cryptocurrencies. geographical limitations lower costs and discounts intuitive navigation locate the products you want shopping lists based previous buys and searches saving time and travel costs access information about products and services open for further information please visit our website www.cazcoin.io contact support@cazcoin.io copyright all rights reserved cazcoin page platform overview the products anyone setting business today should taking account the shift business philosophy away from supply chain models towards the development platform ecosystems. cazcharge cazcharge ultimate destination for prompt online recharge mobiles, direct-to-home services (dth), data card and mobile bill payments across the world, with caz coin and other crypto currencies the payment mechanism. the goal use the platform for mobile recharges, flight bookings, movie tickets, electricity, water, and transportation bills, all one soon possible, the facility will added for caz used mobile devices, pay for mobile services and utilities. cazex cazex state art digital marketplace exchange one crypto currency for another. will open traders from around the world. start with, cazex will trade btc, eth, xrp, litecoin, and caz. further coins will added, with focus those with small medium market cap. cazex will also drive the value the caz, new brands wanting list their tokens coins will required purchase caz the value package, still decided. market domination e-commerce multi-trillion-dollar market and extremely competitive. instant conversion low fees high-speed matching engine full-dimension protection caz the main base currency create mass use, cazex will have referral programme similar that binance, where someone referring friend will receive portion the friend's trading fees commission. will also having voting system where members the cazex community can nominate and vote for new coins listed the exchange. for further information please visit our website www.cazcoin.io section highlighted what the problems are that cazcoin solves. this section, provide more detail about the exact solutions. features cazex detail cazshop and cazcharge solutions for e-commerce contact support@cazcoin.io the global industry dominated major players such amazon and alibaba. alongside them are those providing ancillary services such warehouse logistics and fulfillment, customer relationship management and payments. ups and fedex are extending their logistics businesses capture the shopping basket for international orders. everyone trying own the payments side this includes apple, samsung, google, visa, paypal and multiple others. can very difficult for new smaller players break into the market. copyright all rights reserved cazcoin page platform overview the products anyone setting business today should taking account the shift business philosophy away from supply chain models towards the development platform ecosystems. cazcoin response market domination large players cazcoin not trying compete with the e-commerce giants. has identified niche market that has the potential for significant growth and aims its leader. leveraging the move towards cryptocurrencies, seeing the gap the market where owners cryptocurrencies don't have realworld places spend it. fees structures fees for vendors can high, with percentages total revenue and also per sale. these generally range from the total sale price. the cazshop fees structure vendors will pay monthly fee register the site. transaction costs will held minimum. for the first six months operation, there will charge vendors for registration the site. vendors who agree use caz medium ownership customer relationships important issue that many platforms take ownership the customer base, and the vendor products and services has little opportunity develop customer relationships and loyalty. key feature today's consumer the need for interactivity with brand. the way reach modern consumers, and particularly millennials, through engagement. increasingly, this through "usergenerated-content". this the newest form word-of-mouth marketing and happens way chat rooms, blogs, videos and product reviews. traditional e-commerce platforms not incentivize customers leave reviews reward them for sales that happen result. they do, this open abuse, resulting multiple fake reviews. cazcoin solution for customer relationships fundamental blockchain technology its peerto-peer architecture. while cazcoin may provide the platform and cazshop cazcharge will facilitate the meeting between seller and buyer, the actual dealings and relationships are directly between the parties (bb, and even cc). for further information please visit our website www.cazcoin.io contact support@cazcoin.io some additional features will provided: the facility for review products and services. blockchain technology allows for authentication buyer status, prevent fake reviews. the facility incentivize users who refer friends, write reviews and promote products and services social media. they will rewarded their posts lead sales. again, this possible because blockchain verification and tracking transactions. rigid platform architecture increasingly, vendors e-commerce sites are having rely third-party providers from marketing commerce-enablement and logistics. this very complex. ideally, the platform architecture should flexible enough include these third parties part overall ecology. the same time, there must strong discipline technology choices and service contracts. the cazcoin response the need for flexibility system architecture the basic philosophy cazcoin create end-to-end ecosystem support sellers and buyers the cryptocurrency e-commerce environment. deliberate advances are being made right from the start integrate third-party providers into the site. good example partnership with scooptv add streaming service that will accept the caz payment for services. cazcoin blockchain-driven. this means that the relationships and transactions with multiple parties are both transparent and clearly recorded way that impossible traditional sites. caz will later used mobile devices, especially pay for mobile services and utilities copyright all rights reserved cazcoin page platform overview the products anyone setting business today should taking account the shift business philosophy away from supply chain models towards the development platform ecosystems. the time and cost cross-border transactions cross-border international payments are problematic. this mainly because the traditional systems were developed before the age the internet and have not been sufficiently updated keep with it. they are slow, expensive and hard track. typical payment moving from payer recipient may cross multiple proprietary ledgers, banks and clearing systems. all them add cost, time and complexity. there growing opinion that the only way fully solve this problem through global payments network, built blockchain technology. however, drawback with some the first crypto currencies has been slow transaction times and scaling difficulties. cazcoin solution time and cost cross-border transactions the cazcoin platform has masternode blockchain model. this removes all intermediaries, significantly reduces the time required for transactions approved and makes suitable for the e-commerce environment. included the technology instantsend, which allows for transactions approved within seconds. the same time, privacy assured through privatesend technology. data security and ownership there are several problems for e-commerce sites here: fraud prevalent. merchants often cannot verify buyer's credentials, including credit card details. buyers may the mercy scam sites and counterfeit products. manufacturers and sellers spend inordinate amount money photos, products videos, and product descriptions. yet ownership these digital assets often resides with the platform, and difficult track who actually owns what. the cazcoin solution data security and ownership risks using caz and other cryptocurrencies are anonymous like using cash. vast amounts personal information are not required all and are therefore are not available for abuse. blockchain will large extent protect private information that there, especially personal information encrypted for all transactions. the cazcoin blockchain has advanced encryption and -tier network for complete security. privacy payments can guaranteed through privatesend technology. blockchain allows for the tokenization digital assets. this means that ownership photos, videos, etc products can recorded the blockchain and the owner can sell, rent otherwise trade them. for example, someone wanted use the images for comparisons with other products, the owner can negotiate fee for doing this. this important platform ecosystem which combines and coordinates intellectual and digital property from variety stakeholders. user information can stolen abused, sometimes through breaches the e-merchant's data protection mechanisms. with the introduction gdpr (general data protection regulations) for the and uk, this becomes even more problematic. these regulations protect personal information applies anyone across the world who any way interacting with people the and uk, via suppliers, sellers and buyers. because cazprojects registered the uk, the gdpr regulations will apply every interaction its platforms. for further information please visit our website www.cazcoin.io contact support@cazcoin.io copyright all rights reserved cazcoin page platform overview the products anyone setting business today should taking account the shift business philosophy away from supply chain models towards the development platform ecosystems. the time and cost cross-border transactions cross-border international payments are problematic. this mainly because the traditional systems were developed before the age the internet and have not been sufficiently updated keep with it. they are slow, expensive and hard track. typical payment moving from payer recipient may cross multiple proprietary ledgers, banks and clearing systems. all them add cost, time and complexity. there growing opinion that the only way fully solve this problem through global payments network, built blockchain technology. however, drawback with some the first crypto currencies has been slow transaction times and scaling difficulties. cazcoin solution time and cost cross-border transactions the cazcoin platform has masternode blockchain model. this removes all intermediaries, significantly reduces the time required for transactions approved and makes suitable for the e-commerce environment. included the technology instantsend, which allows for transactions approved within seconds. the same time, privacy assured through privatesend technology. data security and ownership there are several problems for e-commerce sites here: user information can stolen abused, sometimes through breaches the e-merchant's data protection mechanisms. with the introduction gdpr (general data protection regulations) for the and uk, this becomes even more problematic. these regulations protect personal information applies anyone across the world who any way interacting with people the and uk, via suppliers, sellers and buyers. because cazprojects registered the uk, the gdpr regulations will apply every interaction its platforms. for further information please visit our website www.cazcoin.io contact support@cazcoin.io fraud prevalent. merchants often cannot verify buyer's credentials, including credit card details. buyers may the mercy scam sites and counterfeit products. manufacturers and sellers spend inordinate amount money photos, products videos, and product descriptions. yet ownership these digital assets often resides with the platform, and difficult track who actually owns what. the cazcoin solution data security and ownership risks using caz and other cryptocurrencies are anonymous like using cash. vast amounts personal information are not required all and are therefore are not available for abuse. blockchain will large extent protect private information that there, especially personal information encrypted for all transactions. the cazcoin blockchain has advanced encryption and -tier network for complete security. privacy payments can guaranteed through privatesend technology. blockchain allows for the tokenization digital assets. this means that ownership photos, videos, etc products can recorded the blockchain and the owner can sell, rent otherwise trade them. for example, someone wanted use the images for comparisons with other products, the owner can negotiate fee for doing this. this important platform ecosystem which combines and coordinates intellectual and digital property from variety stakeholders. cazcoin the owner will design security and privacy protocols and policies line with international regulations. will ensure that all partners the platform are educated about, and assisted in, applying them. this will include anti-money-laundering and know your customer protocols. copyright all rights reserved cazcoin page platform overview the products anyone setting business today should taking account the shift business philosophy away from supply chain models towards the development platform ecosystems. managing transactional risk e-commerce merchants may spend much time and resource dealing with risk management issues they serving their customers. when customer complaints deteriorate into chargebacks, they have the potential real damage e-commerce business. cazcoin solution the transactional risk the cazcoin blockchain will track transactions chronological order; the record visible everyone and cannot changed. transactions include product orders, the dispatch goods, payments made and received. this removes many the causes for dispute and provides the "same truth" for all parties when there dispute. cazcoin will also apply escrow system for payments which guarantees payment the seller, but only after the buyer has received what was ordered. speed the list solutions provided cazshop points genuine use-case for the cazcoin platform. particular, users can expect the following features: low commissions considerably lower commissions than most banks credit cards often even free. security advanced encryption and -tier network for complete security. there will online dispute resolution mechanism, connecting buyers and sellers directly. the third area for consideration will logistics. while the plan for sellers deliver their own products, cazcoin will provide some guidance and standards. summary cazshop solutions the list solutions provided cazshop points genuine use-case for the cazcoin platform. particular, users can expect the following features: for further information please visit our website www.cazcoin.io contact support@cazcoin.io decentralization uses peer-to-peer (pp) technology operate with central authority banks. privacy keep your payments private and untraceable, thanks privatesend. copyright all rights reserved cazcoin page platform overview technical specifications cazcoin anyone setting business today should taking account the shift business philosophy away from supply chain models towards the development platform ecosystems. technical details cazcoin built bitcoin-based blockchain and fork from dash. has its own coin, the caz, which utility coin used buy goods and services the platform. consensus, staking and masternodes cazcoin uses the proof-of-stake consensus protocol with two-tiered network system staking and masternodes. the technical specifications are follows: proof stake protocol validating the contents block, validators who own stake the network. technical specs coin name cazcoin coin ticker caz mintable pos premine (for copico swap) supply millions block time sec min stake age min max stake age unlimited collateral coins reward (reward*)/ pos reward reward-mn reward cazcoin rebranding copico, which why was necessary pre-mine caz allow owners copico's xpco coin swap them for caz. the maximum number coins will million. the time writing, approximately million were circulation. masternodes special network nodes that run wallet software the blockchain and provide certain services the network. staking retaining coins wallet and keeping the wallet connected the blockchain network the cazcoin network particularly safe and secure, protected posv consensus algorithm. addition, cazcoin has in-wallet bip encryption which does not exist most comparative networks. must noted that while the proof stake protocol theory superior proof work, much still being developed. the developers associated with cazcoin will continue monitor all developments the field and make the necessary changes the cazcoin blockchain benefit all clients. for further information please visit our website www.cazcoin.io contact support@cazcoin.io copyright all rights reserved cazcoin page platform overview technical specifications cazcoin anyone setting business today should taking account the shift business philosophy away from supply chain models towards the development platform ecosystems. the chance receiving reward for staking coins depends the age and the number coins held. so, for example, someone holding caz would have double the chance being chosen validate the block then someone with caz. however, the chance earning reward still random, which why the time earn reward "expected", and not guaranteed. people wanting stake may sometimes decide add their coins pool increase the chance securing block. the cazcoin partner for this stake united. their service keeps wallets updated and coins connected all the time. this means that owners not have maintain the connection. masternodes form the backbone the network providing resources and delivering services beyond simply relaying blocks and transactions. return, the owners will receive significant portion the rewards available the network. benefits the masternode model possibly the most important reason for cazcoin use the masternode model relates the speed transaction makes possible. most decentralized cryptocurrencies have wait for enough blocks pass before there certainty that the transaction irreversible and that there chance "doublespend" the same funds. this delay for transaction would clearly not work for ecommerce. avoid this, masternodes form off-chain voting groups quorums that can quickly check whether submitted transaction valid. they then "lock" the transaction, don't allow any further spending the inputs, and inform the network that will included subsequent block. cazcoin, masternodes can lock transactions with the special instantsend function. this will allow for almost instantaneous real-time access digital payments from anywhere the world. increased decentralization masternodes are part the governance the network, with voting rights for management, budget and development decisions. this function increases the decentralization the network there are many people involved decision-making, rather than centralized system. many currencies use "foundation" for this function, but this often disconnected from users. the more decentralized system is, the more secure becomes. so, the more masternodes there are, the better the security. currently, there are over masternodes the cazcoin blockchain. instant transactions through instantsend privacy and anonymity through privatesend masternodes ensure that the source funds remains private. this done through series rounds "mixing" coins, known "privatesend". driving the value the caz any node can become masternode, but requires the owner deposit caz and have sufficient computing and server capacity host the full transaction history the currency must full node and must continue run these coins are not locked, the sense that the owner can't use them for predetermined period time. they remain the owner's wallet and can spent sold any time. this happens, however, the masternode status removed from the node. because the coins must remain the wallets, they are removed from circulation, thus creating scarcity, and often driving the value. addition, because the coins actually remain the network, they also serve stabilize it. masternodes attract investors, which can appreciate the value the coin. for further information please visit our website www.cazcoin.io contact support@cazcoin.io copyright all rights reserved cazcoin page platform overview technical specifications cazcoin anyone setting business today should taking account the shift business philosophy away from supply chain models towards the development platform ecosystems. the cazcoin requirements for masternodes caz coins. caz can obtained from the coinexchange cryptobridge exchanges. there will additional transaction fee and hosting fees, applicable. the latest version the caz wallet vps server manage your own masternode cazcoin has developed very simple and clear guides how stake and how install vps windows wallet masternodes. some people are bit daunted the technical requirements running masternode and prefer use hosted masternode service. cazcoin's partner for this nodeshare, which has global network vps servers support the cryptocurrency community. the benefits staking owning masternode cazcoin staking and masternodes provide alternative mining. not everyone has the computing power technical knowhow mine, but anyone can stake own masternode. the wallets the nodes are thought bank savings accounts, then income can regarded interest investment and way create ongoing passive income. once the technology has been set up, continues generate income daily basis. various sites, such masternodes.online, monitor these returns and provide indication roi. the time writing, the cost setting cazcoin masternode was approximately and was indicating roi over the block time seconds. however, the reward structure per block changes depending what the block count is. this can checked caz explorer. the rewards for masternodes and staking can seen below. figure caz block rewards for further information please visit our website www.cazcoin.io contact support@cazcoin.io copyright all rights reserved cazcoin page platform overview technical specifications cazcoin anyone setting business today should taking account the shift business philosophy away from supply chain models towards the development platform ecosystems. the time writing, the block count was nearly which means that new caz were being created every seconds, with blocks being created per day. masternodes are allocated portion the reward for each new block even they did not create it. cazcoin very focused increasing the numbers masternodes. result, there very generous allocation nearly the block reward masternode owners. this represents approximately each caz, with the balance going staking. assuming masternodes, each one would receive reward approximately every hours times per day. even for the stakers, there are chances per day receive reward. being part staking pool can improve the chances. this important part keeping the balance between masternodes and staking, those who stake provide the first level security the network. masternode owners retain the choice acquire further masternodes use their additional coins for staking and therefore benefit from both sources income. here example the returns for masternodes, the date writing, with the value the caz $,: cazcoin (caz) btc (.%) ,,. caz market cap (usd) active total nodes current coin supply required coins coins locked (.%) btc $,. coins locked (.%) figure return masternodes july this date, the market cap the caz coin was nearly $k. the million coins circulation, were locked for masternodes and other staking. over time, the reward becomes less, but expected that that time the value the caz will have increased sufficiently make the lower numbers still profitable, and the risk will much less. this date, the predicted return the investment per masternode represented nearly pa. this represents very good return for further information please visit our website www.cazcoin.io contact support@cazcoin.io copyright all rights reserved cazcoin page platform overview technical specifications cazcoin anyone setting business today should taking account the shift business philosophy away from supply chain models towards the development platform ecosystems. additional income for masternode owners addition the block rewards, masternode owners also earn fees when members the network use their services (such instantx and darksend) the blockchain. this last form income important. there always danger that people will invest masternode because seems like easy way create revenue. this risky. it's important look for project that has solid team, good idea, genuine blockchain usecase and working product. then has masternodes, this bonus. significant part the cazcoin plan for masternodes the decision also allocate portion the profit from the ecommerce operation masternode owners. cazcoin meets these requirements and investing masternode is, therefore, good option. for example, the daily profit and the share .%, this would per day shared with the masternode owners. assuming masternodes, this would equal per day per year caz equivalent. the current value the caz, this would about caz for the year. caz collateral fast and secure instant send via instantx private send via darksend rewards share caz block reward profit share caz platforms cheap low fees for transactions, sometimes even free high roi for masternodes staking for further information please visit our website www.cazcoin.io contact support@cazcoin.io real-world uses use caz for payment caz platforms community supportive community via various social media masternode setup guides copyright all rights reserved cazcoin page platform overview the competition several established e-commerce sites are starting accept cryptocurrencies payment. some the better-known ones include microsoft: you can use cryptocurrencies make deposits into your account buy movies, apps and the like shopify: this e-commerce platform that allows vendors organize their own online stores. they have recently introduced the option accept cryptocurrencies. expedia: this large online travel booking agency. they will also allow crypt payments for hotel bookings overstock.com sells furniture, bedding, jewelry and more. has been accepting bitcoin since pizzaforcoins linked major pizza outlets like pizza hut, dominos, and papa johns. the more established and "traditional" sites start accept cryptocurrencies the more legitimacy will given them. this good news for startups such cazcoin. there are only few startups that are establishing ecommerce sites specifically for cryptocurrencies. cazcoin, with its cazshop and cazcharge products, breaking new ground market that steadily gaining acceptance. some these are teky's ecosystem the mek store sells smart-tech toys and gadgets, using drop-shipping model, with distribution centers china and the usa. the target market the techsavvy and millennial. works together with the teky technology academy, which teaches programming, application development, robotics and other high-tech courses children aged according their calculations, "the crypto nation" with population over coin owners, and net worth over still the early stages development with high consumer demand." blockscart blockscart: blockscart start-up based europe, developing e-commerce platform offering feesfree shopping options with crypto-payments. will also establish crypto exchange. its model very similar the cazcoin model. for further information please visit our website www.cazcoin.io contact support@cazcoin.io copyright all rights reserved cazcoin page platform overview marketing plan all progress the cazcoin project date has been self-funded. order proceed, will important attract funding. the intention this way angel funding rather than through ico. the first goal marketing will, therefore, find investors. the mechanisms this will include followup listings, trackers, forums, linkedin and telegram channels. the marketing team already has list angels and funds that work the crypto space, and individualized proposals will made them and meetings set where possible. digital media advertising will used attract wider pool investors, including those wishing become masternode owners. the caz will listed several large exchanges gain exposure. the same time, concentrated attention being given finding appropriate manufacturers, vendors and other partners for the cazshop project. the working website important marketing tool for this purpose. for cazex, portfolio being developed define the approach used attract new start-ups and coins. the growth the consumer base critical the success the projects. the initial goal users both the cazshop and the cazcharge platforms within the first months. the first approach set partnerships with other organizations that will bring their own consumer base. for example, there are current negotiations with companies that provide payment solutions, and that could immediately bring tens follow watch some introductory videos for cazshop for further information please visit our website www.cazcoin.io contact support@cazcoin.io copyright all rights reserved cazcoin page platform overview token economics how cazcoin going make money, and how scalable it? cazcoin the primary value the cazcoin platform its potential grow large consumer base. the larger this base and the stronger the network effect, the better the potential will increase the revenue from the current projects and establish further platforms and businesses. income will also derived from the value the caz coin itself. the more used payment option for goods and services, the more its value will increase. the cazcoin team hold million caz coins, and they also own masternodes, will continue benefit the form passive income. cazshop the revenue model for cazshop includes: *revenue from advertising *revenue from subscriptions *revenue from advance payment *revenue from commission *revenue from transactions the goal attract thousand users the site within the first months. noted earlier, this will achieved largely through partnerships which bring their own user base. vendors will pay monthly fee register the site. transaction costs will held minimum. for the first six months operation, there will charge sellers for registration. vendors who agree use caz medium payment will granted further six months with charge. the amount charged vendors will scaled based their turnover the site, this amount will increase for larger clients, maximum per month. this can quickly grow the income the site. example: sellers@$pm sellers @$pm sellers @$pm per month buyers sellers want use cryptocurrency other than btc, eth caz, this will considered, but there will charge add the site. buyers will pay btc/eth/caz. sellers will paid fiat necessary. start, this step will handled third party, but over time this option can built into the cazcoin platform, and arbitrage income earned from the transactions. page potential income with consumers, per month after months, per month after months, per month $.m videos for cazshop for further information please visit our website www.cazcoin.io contact support@cazcoin.io copyright all rights reserved cazcoin page platform overview token economics how cazcoin going make money, and how scalable it? cazcharge cazcharge the revenue model for cazcharge includes cazcharge *revenue from commissions *revenue from other services income will from commissions paid suppliers. this averages the potential income per spent. potential income with buyers the site average spend only this per month approximately million pa. cazex the revenue model for cazshop includes: the revenue model for cazex includes *listing fees *trade commissions *revenue from other services potential income the target will small medium-sized market cap coins who currently struggle with the payments register exchanges. there are currently more than small medium coins the market, and hundreds being added. the anticipated volume btc per day, with exchange transaction charge .%. listing fees are still decided but will somewhere between and btc. the current btc price the transaction revenue approximately per day million per year. have provided modest projection the income potential for these projects. all them are scalable, and know that much more possible. videos for cazshop for further information please visit our website www.cazcoin.io contact support@cazcoin.io copyright all rights reserved cazcoin page platform overview partners how cazcoin going make money, and how scalable it? cazcoin cazprojects actively looking for partners sets the cazcoin platform ecosystem. .partnerships and listings have already been set with the following companies: exchanges where caz can purchased and traded: coinexchange.io cryptobridge simplest exchange support for masternodes and staking stakeunited stakeunited nodeshare add coins staking pool masternode pool for masternode hosting facilities listings for latest prices, exchanges, news, charts and roi data coinmarketcap masternodes.online live coin watch coinlib coincodex coingecko coin tracking apps black folio black folio for further information please visit our website www.cazcoin.io contact support@cazcoin.io getdelta.io copyright all rights reserved cazcoin page platform overview partners how cazcoin going make money, and how scalable it? cazcoin cazprojects actively looking for partners sets the cazcoin platform ecosystem. .partnerships and listings have already been set with the following companies: exchanges where caz can purchased and traded: coinexchange.io cryptobridge simplest exchange support for masternodes and staking stakeunited stakeunited nodeshare add coins staking pool masternode pool for masternode hosting facilities listings for latest prices, exchanges, news, charts and roi data coinmarketcap masternodes.online live coin watch coinlib coincodex coingecko customer support partners the cazshop platform myce scoop.it for bots assist customer support the platform they provided bot for the copico/caz coin swap for video streaming. for further information please visit our website www.cazcoin.io contact support@cazcoin.io copyright all rights reserved cazcoin page platform overview partners how cazcoin going make money, and how scalable it? .partnerships are being considered with the following companies: utrust citowise revain for payment gateway for payment gateway for customer reviews blockchain for further information please visit our website www.cazcoin.io contact support@cazcoin.io copyright all rights reserved cazcoin page platform overview traction how cazcoin going make money, and how scalable it? roadmap progress date june the founder and team have demonstrated their commitment this project. they started with copico project but had move away from when there were technical difficulties with wallets. significant progress had already been made the e-commerce website. they restarted, rebranding cazcoin, finding new team members, employing new developers for the blockchain and wallet development, and continuing development the e-commerce website, newly named cazshop. the same time, they conceptualized and started technical developments the cazcharge and cazex projects. launch cazshop platform july release updated website and roadmap release updated whitepaper august burn unclaimed copico coins integrate cazcoin into cazshop complete seo optimization progress before requesting outside investment has demonstrated this commitment: the blockchain has been developed and the caz coin circulation release marketplace connector api september launch cazcharge platform copico coins have been swapped out for caz, and unclaimed coins will burned launch cazshop fiat payment gateway the caz listed exchanges and being traded release mobile app and wallet release raspberry wallet partnerships have been set support masternodes and stakers over masternodes have been sold the cazshop website was launched june and actively trading, using btc and eth payment currencies. for now, delivery available only india. new vendors are being acquired for the site partnership has been established with scoop, video streaming business, accept caz for pay-toview features its scooptv platform october launch cazex platform november expand product line with new partnerships start cazshop loyalty program launch updated roadmap other partnerships are being pursued cazcoin has over subscribers its youtube channel and its introductory video had over views december distribute shared platform profits masternode holders scooptv accept cazcoin for pay-per-view features undertake wallet updates and bug fixes, including in-wallet cazshop marketplace for further information please visit our website www.cazcoin.io contact support@cazcoin.io copyright all rights reserved cazcoin page platform overview traction how cazcoin going make money, and how scalable it? way forward the team looking for outside investor accomplish the items set out the roadmap and fast-track further development. most what has been accomplished date has been technical development. the focus now has shift practical implementation the platforms. the most important task grow the number users buyers, vendors and other providers. some the focus will follows: for further information please visit our website www.cazcoin.io marketing for all platforms support for vendors cazshop, including set-up the website support for buyers cazshop, including loyalty program development partnerships development all guides, agreements, policies translation services roll out cazex and cazcharge cazcoin has moved very fast get where currently is, and all the indicators are that will reach its ongoing goals. contact support@cazcoin.io copyright all rights reserved cazcoin page