decentralizing jesus the blockchain whitepaper whitepaper content introducing jesus coin why jesus coin necessary value proposition frequently asked questions use cases team conclusion disclaimer: this website intended provide the public with general information about the jesus coin. nothing contained within this website, including the video contained herein, should construed offer sell, solicitation offer buy, any security investment product the jesus coin such thing. simply cryptocurrency distributed ledger technology (dlt) token (like bitcoin, but way more jesusy). this website and video contain certain statements that are either satirical, baseless, ridiculous combination thereof. very best, statements are forward-looking statements which include statements and assumptions relating to: plans and objectives for future operations token development (of which there are none). these statements can generally identified the use forward-looking terminology including "may," "believe," "will," "expect," "anticipate," "estimate," "continue", "rankings" other similar words. the jesus coin developers not make any representations warranties (express implied) about the accuracy such forward-looking statements. jesus coin and its creators promise absolutely earthly functionality benefits through the use holding jesus coin beyond that durable, transferrable blockchain digital token coin, nor any exchange-listing valuation jesus coin terms any real-world assets, including fiat currencies other blockchain tokens/coins, represented guaranteed. whitepaper introducing jesus coin for the past years, the teachings our lord and savior jesus christ have transformed from being bound the faith his followers into highly centralized and profit-driven bodies. what was once purely about faith and devotion has become big business, under powerful figureheads. whether it's the pope for catholicism, the queen for the church england thomas monson for the church jesus christ latter-day saints, longer jesus christ about its followers. it's time decentralize jesus using the cryptographic breakthrough the blockchain ledger and anonymous cryptocurrencies, jesus coin has been developed the currency god's son. christianity the largest grouping the world, with over billion followers, and deserve our own currency. predicted john (lisa's dad, the one with the limp) "and there would cryptocurrency, and would wondrous, and the lord would say unto thee followers 'buy thee jesus coin the highest possible bonus structure". jesus coin aims become the de-facto currency for all good christians. fact jesus coin may even become the de-facto currency for all bad christians too. for millennia, christian churches have taught that the way heaven through centralized giving, whether churches, pastors those weird advertorials. say enough proudly bring forth the currency tomorrow (well, years ago), jesus coin. project that jesus coin will overtake the mormon church's billion* valuation become the second most powerful christian institution and surpass the catholic church's trillion valuation thereby becoming the most powerful christian institution the world.** while truly believe jesus coin could reach market cap higher than the national debt,*** we're trying keep our investors grounded (but seriously, might). you don't use jesus coin your primary digital currency, you're barely even christian. probably impossible definitely impossible *** unambiguously impossible whitepaper why jesus coin necessary? for too long, money-grabbing churches have attempted 'own' and 'sell' jesus. it's time that someone took back jesus for all us, and jesus coin our way bringing back jesus the masses. the blockchain has fundamentally changed the landscape business, culture and society, democratizing what was once controlled the few into the hands everyone. can democratize banking, insurance, gaming and more, than together can decentralize jesus. the time has come democratize our lord and saviour. the time has come stop funding the few that already live palaces and luxury. the time has come for our own currency the lord's image. unlike other cryptocurrencies, jesus coin has the unique advantage providing global access jesus makes getting closer jesus safer and faster due the use blockchain technology, somehow. jesus coin investors can gain from the competitive advantage being closer god, all while benefiting from low transaction costs and maximum transparency and security. additionally jesus coin helps the war against corruption within the christian faith making all transactions anonymous the blockchain. estimated that billions dollars funds currently laundered and plundered would saved due the global usage jesus coin within christianity.* but most all, jesus would pumped about having his own coin. for the first time, there really will picture jesus coin.** jesus has reached point development where longer compatible with 'ownership' churches and pastors. using blockchain technology, jesus coin endeavors empower every christian own jesus together. the way that bitcoin revolutionized commerce the internet, jesus coin will permanently change the face jesus; longer controlled outmoded central source. such guarantee can made: bad people bad things even they love jesus. it's digital there won't literal coin with his face it, come on! whitepaper value proposition existing market billion followers) consumer base accustomed having faith improbable projects not the most unusual christian project (mormonism) jesus coin expected place among the highest volume cryptocurrencies*, places cutting edge ethereum-based blockchain technology alongside one the world's biggest markets. while the catholic church has had almost year head start jesus coin for market volume, expect least overtake the church england (after all, jesus coin available for the whole world). the expectation the jesus coin team that the landscape wealth within the christian church will look like this (maybe, don't really know): trillion billion catholic church mormon church billion** jesus coin billion church england sources: https://www.dailydot.com/debug/apple-highest-valuation-ever/, https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/--/how-the-mormons-make-money, http://www.ft.com/cms/s//eefa-e-e--feabdc.html#axzzpzvqi cannot guarantee this happening whatsoever, fact does, then let's consider the second coming. this ambitious target that almost definitely won't happen. whitepaper frequently asked questions: this all sounds ridiculous, scam? the church not scam! jesus coin will fulfil all the functions this whitepaper (which not very many functions). fully traceable asset cryptocurrency exchanges.* this whole thing joke? christianity has survived years it's joke, it's good one. the jesus coin itself totally real though, there etherscan and coin market cap and erc compatible wallets and all that stuff. can jesus coin actually make miracles? we're early talks with churches provide miracles exclusively jesus coin owners.** isn't highly unlikely that jesus coin can gain $bn market cap and become top- digital currency? yes, but wasn't highly unlikely that jesus would resurrected? wouldn't illegal crowdfund actual crusade using jesus coin? almost definitely. don't it. cannot guarantee listings any exchanges whatsoever and this simply aspiration the jesus coin team. you pray hard enough, maybe will happen, maybe will not happen. are not any talks with any churches. churches may not too fond disrupting their business with decentralised ledgers and blockchain technology. just like banks aren't too fond bitcoin. whitepaper use cases: jonathan, catholic, raises jesus coin carry out new crusade.* jonathan, devote catholic from mobile, alabama, has been desperately attempting organize modern day crusade retake jerusalem for over ten years but has had limited success due the advanced weaponry required for the task. considering that the reason for the lack donations for his praiseworthy project was due reluctance hand over green for his idea, finally attempts raise the money from among his fellow followers jesus coin. jonathan raises only days, equivalent eth ~$,. using this money jonathan able purchase various weapons from his local walmart and book plane tickets the middle east. two days later jonathan arrested and charged with multiple felonies related attempting invade foreign nation imprisoned for four years. emma, mormon, buys jesus coin miraculously cure her mother's flat feet. emma's mother, brianna, has suffered from terrible flat feet her entire life, ailment hat every podiatrist canada has been unable solve. tired hearing her mother endlessly complain about feet pain, emma decided take matters into her own hands. first she tried writing the pope and asking him perform miracle, but decided that feet issues don't generate enough media buzz. frustrated, she bought jesus coins impulse. suddenly brianna's flat feet were cured, and despite her doctor's insistence being purely placebic effect, they're both sure the jesus coins performed miracle.** *from history class you learnt that the crusades were historic events invasion, murder, plunder and pillage (etc). such they are against the law. jonathan also made person and this also made event, please understand this, not crowdfund crusade. **the coins did not perform miracle, but who's say they can't? whitepaper use cases: gary, jew, buys jesus coin due confusion. hearing about the exciting new world cryptocurrency, gary decided invest his first ico. while scanning through options saw one believed promising related insurance the blockchain. unfortunately got distracted and accidentally bought jesus coin instead. one year later sold them for enormous profit jesus coin's market cap his billion.* greedy bastard wall street trader, adam, buys jesus coin pump and dump after spending day ripping off investors wall street, adam wanted find new way manipulate market before his evening bottle chateauneuf-du-pape reading about cryptocurrency 'pump and dump' schemes, thought would great idea buy worth jesus coin during the bonus structure and dump market value immediately after the end the crowdsale. immediately after sold, the price crashed** what timing! adam successfully made profit just one month.*** sadly for adam however, within months, religious fervor drove the price jesus coin back ,%, meaning he'd have shown patience he'd have made $.m. adam never forgave himself, and while vulnerable and dealing with his loss was recruited become catholic priest. with jesus coin, everyone wins. *reminder that this false reminder: prices can crash, you should all know this now *** reminder that this also false jesus coin and its creators promise absolutely earthly functionality benefits through the use holding jesus coin beyond that durable, transferrable blockchain digital token coin, nor any valuation jesus coin terms any real-world assets, including fiat currencies other blockchain tokens/coins, represented guaranteed. whitepaper team* jesus christ, founder and ceo after few years napping heaven, jesus got tired seeing the financial injustice created the banks and decided resurrect once more order bring forth his own cryptocurrency and solve all earth's ills. jesus' donkey, customer service after finding horse meat his lasagna during the european horseman scandal, jesus decided bring down his personal donkey with him case ikea tried turn him into meatball while unattended. judas iscariot, trustee order allay any fears about transparency concerning the jesus coin project, jesus decided entrust the role the trustee colleague who will not hesitate denounce all dubious acts that not conform with the law. bartholomew, business development following his numerous journeys the four corners the world, jesus considers him true traveling companion and decided make him continue his travels order develop this project. john, son zebedee, content writer after being bored into submission while writing the gospel john and four other boring books the new testament, john happier than ever write whitepaper for project that finally worth his time. *reminder that this not actually the team. these people passed long ago and may peace upon them. whitepaper team* augustus cesar, team manager charismatic born leader who has proved the past his know-how manager. augustus will not hesitate restore the whip system for the smooth running blockchain project. herode, cfo for many years beside jesus paradise, herode manages all his accounting, including: prayers answered. prayers not answered. prayers being processed. addition all newly minted coins will through herode for his blessing. saint peter, public relations spokesperson the apostles, saint peter considered jesus the best suited person fulfill this role.it seems that after his comeback earth fell love with mcdonalds and passes his time there. james, son zebedee, customer service veterinarian the past, jesus puts him the service his donkey. philip, blockchain developer philip, who used manage the distribution bread for jesus, now manages the distribution coins. you are reading this text, please applaud behind your screen, with his big ego this can only encourage him. *reminder that this not actually the team. these people passed long ago and may peace upon them. whitepaper team* andrew, head marketing fisherman stays fisherman. thomas, web designer after designing sumptuous castle heaven, jesus asked one last time thomas help create beautiful website. matthew, financial advisor fter being public collector taxes earth and heaven, know one with more experience than our apostle, thomas. james son alphaeus, jesus after babysitting every move jesus, thought that would only fair james continued answering jesus wishes. james the just, lawyer after having played important leadership role the council jerusalem coordinating the activity the apostles and all itinerant preachers. today james choses continue make the law crypto help his brothers. *reminder that this not actually the team. these people passed long ago and may peace upon them. whitepaper team* simon the zealot, head who better than the most obscure the apostles create the perfect ico team jude, cto jude, brother jesus has corrupted his so-called incorruptible brother pick this job. *reminder that this not actually the team. these people passed long ago and may peace upon them. whitepaper conclusion you don't immediately buy jesus coin after reading this whitepaper, you're going hell. you think that good deeds, charity and living god's image the way heaven, you're wrong only holding jesus coin. jesus coin guaranteed overtake ether the most valuable cryptocurrency and bitcoin the most valuable seriously, ask yourself how it's viable that jesus coin could not the most valuable cryptocurrency- it's basically blasphemy. finally, the world's greatest demographic consumers devotees, have their own cryptocurrency. join use the cryptographic breakthroughs the blockchain win back jesus for all us. *won't actually happen again, jesus coin and its creators promise absolutely earthly functionality benefits through the use holding jesus coin beyond that durable, transferrable blockchain digital token coin, nor any valuation jesus coin terms any real-world assets, including fiat currencies other blockchain tokens/coins, represented guaranteed.