whitepaper core copyright platform .concept and peculiarities ccore what ccore? structure ccore how does ccore work? what problem can solve ccore? what problems are there? how can solve such problems? ccore tokens (cco) roadmap introduction lot time has passed, since creation the first bitcoin cryptocurrency. cryptofinancial enthusiasts have done great job, created many important projects, which led growth crypto-currencies popularity around the world. number interested people sharply increased, which was proved growing plurality online wallets several million only the equivalent value many cryptocurrencies, the total capitalization all electronic cash exceeded the record billion dollars. but with all these positive dynamics there are several unsolved problems. the main problem is: business does not perceive the crypto currency type payment for goods and services due high exchange volatility prices for it. our team develop platform, where high volatility prices for cryptocurrencies will not problem. for this purpose, created smart contract based ethereum platform and produced million ccoin tokens. ccoin tokens digital currency which you will able pay for goods services online stores. concept and peculiarities ccore what ccore? ccore crypto payment platform. allows people who have cryptocoins/altcoins spend them various fiat based online services and stores without losing value the exchange. the owners online-stores will able accept cryptocurrency for payment, without losing part their profit due variation crypto rate. until now, most crypto currency holders perceive instrument speculative actions exchanges. large players with large assets can create profitable situations for themselves the market make profit the expense small market players. these conditions, the decentralized currency loses its economic meaning. the ccore platform takes advantage the decentralized currency, offering advantages working conditions both merchants and consumers, thereby increasing cryptocurrency circulation business. can change the perception the very essence the cryptocurrency from the instrument speculation full-grade currency, which can paid both for buying the cell phone the online store and cup coffee the restaurant. structure ccore ccore includes three modules: ccore exchange cryptocurrency exchange where you can change cryptocurrencies between themselves and fiat money. ccore wallet multicurrency wallet, where users ccore keep personal money. ccore pay complete payment system that allows corporate clients sell goods and services for cryptocurrencies integrating ccore pay into the online store website. how does ccore works? ccore and market participants' relations: when consumer makes cryptopayment, ccore pay sends ccore exchange for automatic exchange cryptocurrency fiat money. then received fiat money come the merchant's ccore wallet account. the merchant receives profit that does not depend the volatility the cryptocurrency rate. ccore offers profitable working conditions both merchants and buyers. rey when you pay for goods services with cryptocurrency, the consumer does not pay any commission for transactions has ccore wallet account. also, you not have wait for the transaction confirmation, because the transfer occurs between the ccore wallet accounts. the merchant integrates the ccore pay system into his online store. ccore pay calculates the value the goods for the seller's chosen crypto currency (ccoin tokens, btc, eth, etc.) the current exchange rate ccore exchange. what problem does ccore solve? what are the problems? the main problem that the crypto-currencies can not equated fiat money. order clarify this problem, let consider the main functions money: circulation accumulation measure value unfortunately, crypto-currencies not have all the above functions. high volatility the price crypto currency does not allow ensure their stable value. this the main reason for the refusal entrepreneurs accept crypto-currencies pay for goods and services. how can solve these problems? our goal creating comfortable working conditions with cryptocurrency for all market participants, where high volatility the price crypto currency longer problem. our team develops the ccore platform solve existing problems. point detaily describes the relationship between ccore and the corporate client, where with the help the ccore pay extension, working with crypto-currencies can perceived business source additional income. this will lead cryptocurrency popularity increase the business environment. result, the cryptomoney will acquire the "measure value" function and become fullgrade competitors for fiat money ccore token (cco) the ccore platform was developed offer merchants and consumers comfortable working conditions with cryptocurrencies, where high volatility cryptocurrencies rate will not problem. achieve it, created ethereum based "smart contract" and released million ccore tokens. ccore tokens digital currency which you can pay for goods services online stores, well get discount commission when trading the ccore exchange. ccore token details ticker cco total cco supply cco ccore tokens sold the public sale cco (available for trading) ccore tokens bought investment fund cco cco tokens will released them every quarter the year for years. starting from march ccore tokens allocated for bounty cco (available for trading) ccore tokens allocated for ccore team cco (subjected vesting period years) ccore tokens allocated for project development cco (subjected vesting period years) add ccore token wallet address xbadcebceecefbcbeafc token symbol cco decimals ccore platform development stages ccore exchange development private beta test private beta test bugs fixing public beta test public beta test bugs fixing live version launch ccore pay development private test connecting online stores the platform payment system launch ccore wallet desktop version development development ccore wallet applications for ios and android merchant tools development wallet launch