smart virtual reality tokens for the entertainment metaverse for informational purposes only nothing this paper constitutes offer solicitation sell shares securities ceek vr, inc. any related company contents abstract rationale ceek technology architecture introduction backend infrastructure current platform: ceek city media services layer hardware content ecosystem blockchain systems virtual reality content ceek scalability model: sharding the economics hardware content ecosystem ceek growing conclusion the market challenge items mint ecosystem catalyst interactive shopping overlays entertainment market glance ceek smart contracts ceek virtual terms participation deluxe bundle token sale allocation case study: use proceeds ceek partnerships ceek milestones roadmap global music spend leadership music content demand engine advisors ceek studios conclusion movie experiences references interactive voting legal ceek global innovations all rights reserved abstract ceek award-winning developer and distributor hardware and software for omnichannel distribution virtual reality (vr) experiences for multiple world-class partners. ceek provides several channels content (both originally created and professionally licensed) using the ceek virtual reality platform and the patented headsets. ceek partnerships with globally-renowned industry leaders such universal music, apple, t-mobile, and baptist health. ceek's patent-awarded bundles are currently being sold nationwide through major retailers including best buy and target and are widely recognized one the best "mobile ready" hardware devices the market today. ceek recognizes that there are many financial and technological benefits moving from sql based technology streamlined, transparent, and secure blockchain based system that offers added financial benefits ceek, our partners and end users. prepare scale our existing patented virtual reality content delivery platform, headset and solutions toward mainstream adoption have partnered with ceek global innovations(cgi) world ltd and cgi global ltd offer solutions, collectively ceek aims solve some the biggest problems facing the entertainment and educational worlds. ceek the higher echelon virtual reality "killer app" for the blockchain and currently boasts partnerships with major celebrities and some the world's largest tech companies offering the entertainment industry and "ceekers" worldwide one the most exciting opportunities the market today, all ceek new reality! ceek global innovations all rights reserved rationale ceek global innovations all rights reserved creating quality content. anyone can share their knowledge skill and earn ceek tokens, those who have special skill that others will pay for, whether that teaching piano lessons, course study martial arts class there will opportunity earn. developers earn ceek tokens leveraging ceek's authoring tools, open api's and sdk's, which allow them create custom virtual environments, venues digital goods inside ceek city offered the digital marketplace. furthermore, ceek studios and micro-studios will distributed across the usa and internationally will provide developers and those looking create custom content environment where they can work together that everyone has equal opportunity ceek's marketplace. voting plays big part ceek and pays! for example, ceekers will able vote approve sponsors who will bid naming rights for several existing venues ceek city. percentage the ceek tokens collected through the sponsorship payment will distributed ceekers who participate these votes. other opportunities earn ceek tokens voting are listed the interactive voting section this whitepaper. official ceek ecosystem roles pay ceek tokens, such governor, director programming and more. see ecosystem roles section for details. ceek's existing content distribution platform solves massive problem for the industry offering platform that can accessed any hardware device. for developers this great news because they can create content that longer limited single hardware manufacturer. this has been limiting factor until now- stifling the entire industry for developers, headset manufacturers and content creators. combining this factor with the ability leverage virtual reality and the blockchain extend reach for world-class entertainment partners will allow ceek accelerate mainstream adoption virtual reality, while providing massive revenue opportunities for the blockchain community, artists, labels, fans and ceekers world-wide. welcome web the web ceek global innovations all rights reserved introduction ceek building the entertainment metaverse interconnected virtual world exciting venues powered ethereum smart contracts and protected the blockchain. ceek enables users virtually "be there" live performances, while physically being anywhere else the world. this extends the reach events globally for sold-out shows and introduces the capacity for artists sell unlimited virtual tickets, along with real and digital merchandise. stakeholders. labels and artists will able reap the benefits streamlined processes that increase profit margins and clarity for both. ceek leverages the blockchain provide the highest level transparency and security for the entertainment industry, labels, artists and fans. the ceek token erc compliant, yet combines another 'special' protocol that expands its' token functionality within ceek virtual reality environments. individuals can use ceek tokens attend events, access vip interactions with their using the ceek platform, music fans can favorite artists, purchase virtual goods, vote purchase tickets and attend live concerts for desired venue performances and more. performed their favorite bands and will ceek's interactive voting will give fans more experience the concert they had input the programming process. unlike front-row seating. they are also free view traditional programming different band members where audiences have say will. or, turn around and see this what broadcast, ceekers the audience different parts will have control over which right, blockchain the arena. offers for marquee programs are purchasing related technology can produced and when. merchandise downloading usher halcyon tracks and videos demand they will also able vote will available interactive age prosperity alongside judges during shopping overlays. special events, such the for all. don ceek makes easy create world dance (wod) finals virtual goods artists, labels, tapscott that will live cast content creators, and ceek those who developers can increase bottom line through sales direct artist-to-fan participate will able use ceek tokens virtual goods inside vr. labels and artists vote for their favorite acts during the show with will now able create and sell virtual tickets each ceek token equaling one vote. once the performances and offer virtual goods voting period closes there will short delay fans, such virtual skins, digital clothing, and consensus validated with the final results broadcast ceek venues around the world collectibles during events. during the live event. artists will also able interact with fans and can sign autographs virtual album covers that seeing the immediate impact how votes count for their favorite performers will impactful, apply special cryptographic token signatures that are unique and cannot duplicated. fun and bring that next level engagement between artists and fans. virtual album covers and other items signed artists will verified the blockchain their authenticity, rarity and value for all see. are point when advancements technology have converged enable mainstream additionally, ceek provides the entertainment adoption fully immersive, virtual reality experience and with comes exciting new possiindustry with seamless order, event and virtual sales tracking with detailed analytics bilities and revenue streams for entertainment, media and music industries and their fans. documented the blockchain for all ceek global innovations all rights reserved current platform: ceek city ownership own piece ceek city welcome the denizens the virtualsphere exclusive sidence ceek city victorian theatre (main entrance) concert arena sports complex ceek currently offers several immersive experiences within ceek city. all users enter through the victorian theatre, where they can select from variety and immersive experiences from the world's top artists, including katy perry, sting and more! hangout lounge (ad supported) ceek city ceek simulates the communal experience attending live concert, being classroom, attending sporting event and other 'money can't buy' exclusive experiences with friends after the token launch, end users will able use their ceek tokens for making purchases, vote for content, control the programming and much, much more. hardware content ecosystem pages offer technical overview for developers there are number considerations within today's virtual reality hardware and content ecosystem that are hindering mainstream adoption virtual reality: desktop vr, such the htc vive, are tethered devices and require expensive gaming computer work. this far too expensive for most people. moreover, desktop impractical for movement. console vr, such playstation (psvr), requires the added expense gaming console, therefore also priced too high for many consumers and not practical for movement. both are geared more towards gaming, which limits the practical application and ability for the mainstream adoption virtual reality. ceek going change that. ceek global innovations all rights reserved technical document many headsets are too complex and have difficult time selling without relevant content. mobile the most cogent mechanism for delivering entertainment for everyday users. ceek offers simple, ready-to-use mobile headsets requiring setup, wires (no tethers!) and, most importantly, are cost effective. people will able use the mobile phone they already own. imagine that. the challenge facing mobile-powered the most obvious and well discussed challenge facing mobile virtual reality applications the much more limited power budget and thermal constraints when compared its desktop equivalent. running intensive graphics applications from battery means that lower power components and efficient use energy required preserve battery life. addition, the proximity processing hardware the wearer means that the thermal budget can't pushed any higher either. for comparison, mobile typically operating within sub- watt limit, while desktop gpu can easily consume watts more. looking back your typical mobile soc, this creates additional problems that are less often appreciated. although mobile socs can pack decent octa-core cpu arrangement and some notable gpu power, it's not possible run these chips full tilt, due both the power consumption and thermal constraints mentioned previously. reality, the cpu mobile instance wants run for little time possible, freeing the gpu consume the bulk the limited power budget. not only does this limit the resources available for logic, physics calculations, and even background mobile processes, but also puts burden essential tasks, such draw calls for stereoscopic rendering. the industry already working solutions for this, which don't just apply mobile. multiview rendering supported opengl and and was developed contributors from oculus, qualcomm, nvidia, google, epic, arm, and sony. multiview allows for stereoscopic rendering with just single draw call, rather than one for each view point, reducing the cpu requirements and also shrinking the gpu vertex job too. this technology can improve performance between and percent. the mobile space, multiview already supported number arm mali and qualcomm adreno devices. another innovation expected appear upcoming mobile products foveated rendering. used conjunction with eyetracking technology, foveated rendering lightens the load gpu only rendering the user's exact focal point full resolution and reducing the resolution objects the peripheral vision. the complements the human vision system nicely and can significantly reduce gpu load, thereby saving power and/or freeing more power for other cpu |gpu tasks. bandwidth and highresolutions while processing power limited mobile situations, the platform still beholden the same requirements other virtual reality platforms, including the demands low latency, high resolution display panels. even those who have viewed displays that boasts qhd resolution the rift headset's resolution per eye will probably have been little underwhelmed the image clarity. aliasing especially problematic given that our eyes are close the screen, with edges appearing particularly rough looking jagged during motion. the brute force solution increase the display resolution, with being the next logical progression. however, devices need maintain high refresh rate regardless resolution, with considered the minimum but even being much more preferable. this puts large burden system memory, with anywhere from two eight times more than today's devices. memory bandwidth already more limited mobile than desktop products, which use faster dedicated graphics memory rather than shared pool. possible solutions save graphics bandwidth include the use compression technologies, ceek global innovations all rights reserved technical document such arm and amd's adaptive scalable texture compression (astc) standard the lossless ericsson texture compression format, both which are official extensions opengl and opengl es. astc also supported hardware arm's latest mali gpus, nvidia's kepler and maxwell tegra socs, and intel's latest integrated gpus, and can save more than percent bandwidth some scenarios versus the use uncompressed textures. image credit: android authority alternatively, developers can make sacrifices image quality order reduce the stress system bandwidth. geometry density can sacrificed more aggressive culling used reduce the load, and vertex data resolution can lowered -bit, down from the traditionally used -bit accuracy. many these techniques are already being used various mobile packages, and together they can help reduce the strain bandwidth. displays are particularly important part the overall latency virtual reality system, often making the difference between seamless and sub-par experience. ideal system, motionto-photon latency the time taken between moving your head and the display responding- should less than milliseconds. clearly display good here. ideally panels need sub-ms order accommodate sensor and processing latency well. not only memory major constraint the mobile space, but it's also rather large consumer power too, often equal the consumption the cpu gpu. making savings memory bandwidth and usage,portable virtual reality solutions should see longer battery life. currently there's cost performance trade-off that favors oled, but this could soon change. lcd panels with support for higher refresh rates and low black-to-white response times which make use cutting edge techniques, such blinking back lights, could fit the bill nicely. low latency and display panels japan display showed off just such panel last year, and may see other manufacturers announce similar technologies too. ceek global innovations all rights reserved technical document audio and sensors technology with the visuals rendered immersive environments creating appreciably enhanced degree depth and interactivity, along with producing rich and engulfing soundscapes. this all combines creating what rightfully described audio bliss. although audio virtual reality critical factor, largely ignored. with ceek's innovative and technical expertise, deliver considerably-enhanced listening encounter. great image quality without high-fidelity and positionally-accurate audio, along with lowlatency sensors, leave many experiences lacking. playback spatial audio mobile devices primarily being done with plug-ins and sound objects, all restricted mobile power budget. this affects the cpu, gpu, and memory, presenting further challenges. enhanced audio capabilities ceek has proprietary audio visualization software and hardware. additionally, has integrated rd-party audio decoders for enhanced audio capabilities. the ceek audio technology combines original sound files with geometry data for visualizing audio within the environment. what you hear what you see the human brain requires audiovisual sync for generating feeling presence and emotion, making our auditory and visual senses the most important factors creating true immersion. what see and feel largely dictated what hear. the ceek audio technology combines haptic feedback and proprietary physics-based audio unlike other techniques using sound objects positioned statically pre-set locations the environment, our approach enables sound dynamically rendered. furthermore, does not require the content creator learn new software plug-ins, since the output compatible with most existing sound systems and not require custom audio playback systems. typical head related transfer function (hrtf) and convolution reverb processing required for realistic-sounding source positioning very processor intensive when performed with the cpu. our approach much more effective involves creating and offering dedicated digital signal processor (dsp) with efficient processing time and power for positional audio ceek audio chip device all devices (multi os) location data (from headphone) sensor component sou original sound source bluetooth chip device access point gpio sound tracing chip key function sen location surrounding information detection geometry data loading sound processing (incl. hw, cpu, memory) speaker ceek global innovations all rights reserved audio sensor data transfer audio encode decode technical document developers and software finally, none these hardware advancements are much good without software suites, game engines, and sdks support developers. after all, can't have every developer reinventing the wheel for every application. keeping development costs low and speeds fast possible key we're going see wide ange applications. sdks particular are essential for implementing key processing tasks, such asynchronous timewarp, lens distortion correction, and stereoscopic rendering. not mention power, thermal, and processing management heterogeneous hardware setups. ceek will offer open sdks streamline and accelerate these key processing tasks for application developers. additionally, ceek will include sdk with multi-language support, wallets and payment gateways that are available completely open source solutions that allow developers customize their environment for music, entertainment, gaming experiences and more. fortunately all major hardware platform manufacturers offer sdks developers, although the market rather fragmented resulting lack cross-platform support. for example, google has its sdk for android and dedicated sdk for the popular unity engine, while oculus has its mobile sdk built conjunction with samsung for the gear vr. importantly, the khronos group recently unveiled its openxr initiative which aiming provide api cover all the major platforms both the device and application level layers, order facilitate easier cross platform development. ceek leverages openxr, along with open sdk offer better cross platform, streamlined solution for developers. user interface and applications web client mobile app chrome app developer sdk blockchain foundation blockchain services unified, secure api platform indexing notification key management token ledger accounts and balances multi-sig co-signer network ceek global innovations all rights reserved policy/ security wallet service block creation (mining) technical document the problem without cross-platform standard, applications, games and engines must port each vendor's api's. turn, this means that each device can only run the apps that have been ported for its sdk. app the result high development costs and confused customers, thereby limiting market growth. app app app proprietary engine device device device device ceek global innovations all rights reserved device technical document the solution the cross-platform standard eliminates industry fragmentation enabling applications written once and will then run any system. app this allows access devices and integration into those systems used their applications. app app app proprietary engine application interface device layer device device device device ceek global innovations all rights reserved device technical document open architecture open defines two levels api interfaces that platform's runtime can use access the openxr ecosystem. apps and engines use standardized interfaces interrogate and drive devices. devices can self-integrate standardized driver interface. standard hardware/software interfaces reduce fragmentation while leaving implementation details open encourage industry innovation. portable applications engines current device state: normalized predicted poses controller peripherial state input events application interface vendor runtime system distortion correction and display output coordinate system unification prediction outgoing requests: pre-distortion image display haptics device layer current device state: controlle peripherial state raw poses vendor-supplied device driver outgoing requests: haptics diverse hardware devices note that the design the openxr specification progress and while the above diagrams represents the design goals the group final details may change. ceek global innovations all rights reserved virtual reality content ceek makes content accessible and easy for partners, content creators, developers, and end users. ceek has been awarded four patents covering the range what offer, including spatialized audio, environmental geometry, material, and physics. this all related our content ingestion and distribution engine which provides integrated content platform connecting multiple channels (mobile vr, pcvr, console vr, desktop, and web equipment such gear vr, oculus, htc vive, etc.). ceek currently ingesting different feed types varying content formats, sources, and sizes including content updates, rights changes and management, pricing changes, clearing data, publishing distribution, and reporting. metadata, ceek makes content monetization easy for partners automating metadata ingestion, rights clearances, along with management and reporting data within unified platform. hardware content ecosystem conclusion despite some technical challenges, the technology under development and mostly already here, making workable for many mobile applications. mobile also has benefits that simply not apply desktop, all one and console equivalents, which will continue making the platform desired consumers. the portability factor makes mobile compelling platform for multimedia experiences and even light gaming, without the need for wires connected more powerful pc. while desktop and console offerings focus hardcore gamers, ceek's headsets were created for increasing mainstream adoption everyday mobile consumers content, such movies and music, well attracting casual gamers. with ceek's multi-platform content engine, accessibility from any headset device easy "one, two, three". the rapidly-expanding number mobile devices the market being equipped with capabilities makes ceek the platform choice for reaching the largest target audience for mainstream adoption. until now, could not experienced its fullest potential due overly-complex hardware and lack quality content. ceek solves these challenges offering device and platform agnostic solution. customers will have easy-to-use headset, coupled with premium content and accessibility, all competitive price point. new world! ceek global innovations all rights reserved the market challenge what distribution like now exponential variables multiple stages (network, phones, operating system, headsets capture post-production analytics reporting analytics reporting retail integration app mobile devices playback analytics reporting reporting ceek's mission creating easy-to-use, decentralized entertainment metaverse that gives control programming ceekers, and empowers partners with efficient access new transparent revenue streams. ceek global innovations all rights reserved what should like what should like turning your content into virtual reality should simple uploading your latest song podcast itunes share with the world! turning your content into virtual reality should simple uploading your latest song podcast itunes share with the world! distribution platform content playback distribution platform content turning your content into virtual reality should simple uploading your playback video youtube and sharing with the world. ecosystem catalyst ceek ecosystem catalyst with strong early-mover market positioning vr, who will now able expand these capabilities providing increased functionality using blockchain technology platform agnostic mobile compability smartphone (ios and android) unthethered computer content platform retail integration (cd/dvd slot) price additional equipment nedded fov (field view) trays ($) starts at: ceek global innovations all rights reserved entertainment market glance headsets sold music video streamed daily global live music industry estimated billion +$. trillion market glance global entertainment market headsets sold music industry revenue continues shift from physical and digital sales streaming revenues and represents the highest level engagement and revenue opportunity for interactive music streaming. estimates the market will reach trillion music streame glo music ind estimate ceek currently the only product the marketplace offering labels streaming opportunity with ceek's patented deluxe package. ceek global innovations all rights reserved deluxe bundle case study: ceek bundles market validation the importance having bundle for comparable the early stages the device player marketplace. the early the market was fledging because only "techies" who could rip and format music files were able use it. when apple bundled the ipod with itunes, they made digital music accessible everyone. became simple for anyone access, download, and listen digital music. much the same way, ceek's patent awarded, virtual reality bundle making easily accessible for non-techies, whereby users buy the headset bundle, sign through the ceek app and gain access premium experience with mainstream appeal. for the release megadeth's dystopia album, universal music partnered with ceek create companion called dystopia vr, which helped the album reach the rock charts and open after adele and justin bieber the top album chart. this was completely unheard and spoke volumes for the demand quality experiences fans. artist group has not done anything this elaborate and groundbreaking since pink floyd did "the wall." the same week dystopia launched, major device-maker was giving away expensive headsets, but they had few takers. stark contrast, ceek sold out units best buy stores. the megadeth package sold for $.. check for dystopia your local area http://bit.ly/afqh all units are currently sold out. patented virtual reality deluxe headset compact inexpensive fromfactor dedicated retail space didn't know megadeth before this, just wanted try vr... proud say i'm now fan" fresh new content distribution mechanism. patented product only authorized company clio award winner grammy winner sold out record time ceek global innovations all rights reserved "it felt like was right next dave (mustaine)" click see inside megadeth's adventure https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pnqazjwah link clio win link rolling stone article link billboard link product best buy behind the scenes linked yahoo tech note: aspects ceek were previously under the next galaxy ceek global innovations all rights reserved pride our selves creating experiences that help fans re-live the moment they were there. experiences ceek vr, inc.'s partnership agreement with universal music group grants rights live performance content with top tier artists including lady gaga, sting, and neyo. that get fans closer the artist than ever partners: ceek's mobile ready, headset sold major retailers such amazon, best buy and target and includes itunes reward giftcard with purchase. ceek global innovations all rights reserved ceek partnerships ceek has teamed with universal music launch new album releases with our headset retail. created full concert experience for the platform, which can unlocked using promotional code that comes with the ceek headset when purchased. universal music the number one music business the planet, with multiple labels covering over artists and cumulative artist facebook fanbase over billion people. ceek's partnership with universal music group grants rights live performances with top tier artists such rihanna, lady gaga, sting, and neyo. ceek boasts growing ecosystem worldclass partners who are using the ceek platform scale existing content into virtual reality, well creating and distributing uniquely original experiences. are late-stage discussions and have upcoming releases with oculus world dance, leading award shows, sports teams, brands, festivals, and over labels, studios, and mobile carriers. additionally, ceek partnering with universities and hospitals offer educational programming. oculus announcement partnership with ceek http://bit.ly/bevqor below shortlist select partners and experiences: entertainment: universal music megadeth dystopia world released disney music upcoming releases discussion world dance (wod) current partnership and wod finals empire state building upcoming experience space center upcoming experience ceek victorian theatre featuring lady gaga, katy perry +++ live ceek concert arena upcoming ceek hangout lounge with social interaction upcoming (q) ceek sports complex great america rivalry series exclusive broadcast (over million students from high schools) current exclusive partnership project development for oculus t-mobile ceo announcing partnership with ceek https://www.dropbox.com/s/whznziilovnpc/t_mobile_ceo.mov?dl= https://newsroom.t-mobile.com/news-and-blogs/binge-on--providers.htm vcommerce/education/medical: berskshire hathaway's richline group produced shop the future experience for tradeshow and client miami children's hospital (previous client created infant, child and adult cpr training miami dade college (previous client) created president's announcement lab curriculum for nyu baptist health medical training courses ceek global innovations all rights reserved global music spend online streaming service live music concerts, sessions festivals club/dj global music spend digital music satellite radio subscriptions live concerts and festivals continue dominate global music spend robust sales proposition. physical music gift cards ceek offers premium concert experiences from some the biggest names entertainment! multi-user social functions voice chat/ messaging between users, group chats watch together/ join friends and events, invite, favorite search and filter event attendees i.e. only want see people attending this event that are within within mile your location manage ecommerce details, including billing information and historical purchase data. ceek enables realistic synchronous communication with other users, allowing people enjoy experiences together from the ends the world. you may look each other during the event. such features serve simulate the communal experience attending live events with friends. ceek global innovations all rights reserved music will drive adoption number facebook fans music content demand engine virtual reality about experiences and music concerts are synonymous with visually delightful experiences. adds sensory engagement the musical experiences. music historically drives new platform use because its universal appeal. for example, the fan base the top video game dwarfed the artist fan base leading entertainers. clearances. the dashboard also provides aggregated transaction and user reports across multiple platforms and devices, all which will available export and visualize. since these maps are generated through gaze control, possible record the details the blockchain, making highly effective for measuring engagement and creating transparency reporting. analytics ceek's backend analytics will provide deep insights, interaction time, heat maps and other visual telemetry how users are interacting with environments and media views for auto reporting and other label/ creator services such rights management, publishing and ceek global innovations all rights reserved ceek studios virtual reality "mega" studios performance stage implementation ceek partnering with worldclass facility and transforming part their location into -degree "mega studio" equipped with live performance stage. ceek studios will provide music artists and entertainment industry professionals with state-of-the-art audio, visual, -degree green/ blue screen and rock 'n' roll lighting inside full virtual reality digital production facility for expanding expand high-quality and customized content experiences and venues. ceek -degree studio grade, mega and micro- studio production facilities provide the opportunity for enhanced, fully immersive content creation for true experiences. people will able get close and personal with their favorite bands, enjoy time inside interactive experience with friends. don't just watch it, there virtually! until now, ceek has been setting ad-hoc (temporary) production studio facilities interim solution meet entertainment industry demand for creating quality virtual reality content. this has worked well for ceek years past, but not ideal seek scale content creation for premium entertainment partners. our goal having permanent studio replete with rendering farms, ultra-fast connections, camera tracking and light field camera technology enabling continuous capture content. this content will include interviews, documentaries, multiple levels education, entertainment, movies, and music. ceek already has interest from top entertainment artists and major studios interested recording experiences our facilities. ceek, our vision make content creation universally accessible. will make this possible building several state-of-the-art, -degree performance studio grade "mega" studio locations key cities across the usa. then, will expand this initiative building micro-studios the average content creator can use for creating virtual reality content for the ceek environments. ceek global innovations all rights reserved ceek micro-studios studio facility and will plan future buildouts key cities commensurate with the level support generated during the token sale. believe anyone should empowered with the ability create quality content, this will help expand opportunity for partners and creators inside the entertainment metaverse. the event exceed the soft cap and depending what margin, ceek plans building number "mega" studios and micro-studio partner locations, which will allow ceek acceleration assisting with creating and acquiring quality content from top entertainment ceekers who desire partners and generate content. what plan initially building the studio grade facility for our industry partners sacramento hq. order that, ceek must meet the minimum required token sale soft cap (as detailed our token structure section). the soft cap not met, ceek plans continue building ad-hoc studios produce content with entertainment industry partners. the below demonstrates our desired studio grade "mega" and micro-studio locations target cities across the usa. when meet our soft cap, will immediately begin building the mega ceek studios and micro-studios proposed studio grade build proposed micro-studio grade build seattle sacramento "hq" chicago new york san francisco las vegas nashville phoenix honolulu atlanta los angeles dallas austin the first planned studio grade build sacramento, ceek global innovations all rights reserved premium content creation for all ceekers will have the opportunity create custom content ceek studio locations nationwide and internationally. studio bookings will managed through online scheduling portal that will first come, first served using ceek tokens secure studio bookings and pay for session time. ceek has partnered with brett leonard launch the first episodic virtual reality series. some locations may include gaming lounges, immersive training, and snack bar amenities. ceek will equip all locations with developer "cubbies" make easy for content creators collaborate with developers for customized content creation. ceek global innovations all rights reserved brett leonard film director named the producer's guild america, association with variety magazine one it's digital mr. leonard globally recognized digital filmmaker best known for co-writing and directing the hit virtual reality movie the lawnmower with it's groundbreaking graphics started the "cyber genre." the lawnmower man was created for million and earned critical acclaim generating over million. hollywood rooftop cinema that will take place episodic form, also going shot full feature film all connected one movie shot one location- rooftop. http://www.imdb.com/name/nm/bio? ref_=nm_ov_bio_sm ceek global innovations all rights reserved click here see full technical specification document for ceek mega studio production build. estimate that micro-studios will cost %-% less build than mega studio locations, but actual costs will vary for each location. ceek will review and publish full specifications and projected costs for each location prior each location build. note: ceek will measure carefully the operating costs and profitability each mega and micro-studios ensure that maintain solid balance sheet. governance agreements and safeguards will put into place for each location. ceek global based the final amount raised, ceek will open several international ceek studios several countries where ceek already has entertainment partner agreements deliver content: including uk, brazil, india, south korea, south africa and other "key" international locations. ceek founder mary spio was recently selected for mission brazil further deepening relationships there that will benefit ceek's international rollout. believe that anyone should empowered with the ability create quality content. ceek studios will help expand opportunity for content creators, developers and partners inside the entertainment metaverse making content creation universally accessible. just like what youtube did for video content creators, ceek will for content creators through cryptocurrency specific, ceek studio initiatives. ceek global innovations all rights reserved movie experiences always the best seat the house!! explore, share and live the moment with friends. concerts, movies, sporting events and much more. actual view ceek experience ceek global innovations all rights reserved ecosystem roles there are several ecosystem roles within ceek vr, specifically inside ceek city, where there will many different venues, activities, music events, movies, gaming and plenty immersive experiences. ceekers will play many roles ceek city and won't limited any single one. ceekers developers over the last couple years, people started using this general term reference anyone using the ceek platform and the term stuck. ceekers are everyday consumers content and information, primarily entertainment enthusiasts who want immersive entertainment experience for music, vr, education movies. content creators believe that anyone should empowered with the ability create quality content, such ceek studios will help expand opportunity for content creators with the ceek studio initiatives. ceek studios locations are replete with camera tracking and light field camera technology enable continuous capture content from content creators. just like what youtube did for video content creators, ceek will for content creators enabling them scale and monetization content virtual reality. developers are the backbone our ecosystem creating wide range applications driving robust economy. our goal ceek keep development costs low and speeds fast possible for developers accelerate processes. after all, can't have every developer reinventing the wheel for every application. ceek provides suite open sdks that are essential for implementing key processing tasks, such asynchronous timewarp, lens distortion correction, and stereoscopic rendering. not mention power, thermal, and processing management heterogeneous hardware setups. additionally, ceek includes sdk with multi-language support, wallets and payment gateways that are available completely open source solutions that allow developers customize their environment for music, theatre, gaming experiences and more. developer bounty available. curators curators are paid ceek tokens play crucial role ceek city finding and submitting wide-range high quality content for ceek community approval, building artist demand lists for live show approval, immersive educational courses and much more. partners ceek boasts growing ecosystem world-class partners who are using the ceek platform scale existing content virtual reality well distribute original experiences. ceek's solution for entertainment partners create new revenue streams replace declining, traditional revenue sources. api verify assets storage layer chainlink nodes off line user browse assets real time layer asset token channel ceek blockchain ceek global innovations all rights reserved smart contract blockchain congress the blockchain congress group voting members within ceek appointed submit various proposals for vote approval. the blockchain congress headed the governor ceek city who the ceo who can add remove various members the organization. any member added can make proposal, which the form ethereum transaction send ether execute specific smart contract that other members the blockchain congress and general voters can vote for against the proposal. once predetermined amount time and certain number members have voted, the proposal can executed the smart contract: the smart contract will count the votes automatically and there are enough votes will execute the given transaction. click here see the solidity code behind the blockchain congress. executive committee the executive committee made key members ceek inc. that possess corporate governance powers over elected officials, blockchain congress and election voters. ceek global innovations all rights reserved voters ceek takes interactive voting "next level" experience ceek city allowing ceekers access self-governing, user curated content providing vote based venue and programming controls. additionally, ceekers will vote approve sponsors for venue naming rights, branded experiences, elected officials and much, much more. election voters election voters will vote for officials, but before doing so, must first "officially" register ceek city. future elections can leverage zero knowledge proof protocols. election voters can also part the blockchain congress. validators validators play active role consensus relaying relevant meta-data, proposals, blocks, and votes peers. node that has the private keys active validator and engaged signing votes called validator-node. all nodes (not just validator-nodes) have associated state (the current height, round, and step) and work make progress. between two nodes there exists connection, and multiplexed top this connection are fairly throttled channels information. epic gossip protocol implemented among some these channels bring peers speed the most recent state consensus. cryptographic key-pair for signing and have some amount "voting power" proportion the number staked ceek tokens. some proof-of-stake consensus algorithms aim create completely decentralized system where all stakeholders even those who are not always online participate committing blocks. tendermint has different approach block creation--ceek validator nodes need able demonstrate uptime. maintaining high availability potentially involves multiple isps, redundant server power, and backup hosting locations. economics: validators can bond their own ceek tokens have ceek "delegated", staked, them holders the token. the validators are determined who has the most stake delegated them the top full nodes with the most stake that can demonstrate required uptime will become ceek validators. validators and the parties that delegate stake them will earn ceek transaction fees and block rewards through execution the tendermint consensus protocol. validators double sign, are frequently offline are compromised some arbitrary way, their staked ceek can slashed. validator economics about bonding period, slashing conditions, etc. will finalized the blockchain congress, governor and budgetary team. proposer nodes validator nodes the ceek hub will have validator nodes who will selected proof stake. validators are responsible for committing new blocks the blockchain. these validators participate the consensus protocol broadcasting votes containing cryptographic signatures signed each validator's private keys. validators have consensus round begins with proposer and with each node broadcasting pre-vote, which signals that they saw, did not see proposal time. nodes wait hear pre-votes from other nodes. for the same block, they broadcast pre-commit. they are not pre-commits for the same block, the block failed commit and new round begins with new proposer. ceek global innovations all rights reserved governor elected official and chief executive officer ceek city. has the ability add remove voting members the blockchain congress, can issue executive orders and has veto power. the first governor will elected after the token sale for initial year term. once elected the governor and budget team will develop and submit bi-annual annual budgets and appropriations for review and approval witnesses. lieutenant governor elected official designated succeed governor the event that governor cannot fulfill their duties. once elected will work with the governor develop corporate governance and community policies. city manager elected official who will oversee the affairs ceek city coordinate with venues, voting, sponsorships and help things run smooth whistle. witnesses eight elected representatives who will vote approve budgets, appropriations and other manual votes not handled the blockchain congress. two year term. director programming appointed position. the director programming will oversee content initiatives and coordinate with voters for user directed content scheduling. *elected appointed officials receive ceek tokens compensation during their term. ceek pets ceek virtual pets offer fun, personalized experience for ceekers and can programmed stay your side ceek city. they can become quite valuable they take new characteristics. ceek pets can bought, sold, traded and become part your digital holdings stored inside your smart wallet. golden ticket well it's not going get you into chocolate factory with oompa loompa's, it!? actually, golden tickets will found various areas and venues within ceek city and may contain special bounty prize ceek tokens the golden ticket may programmed with vip access special celebrity event, could programmed turn into album cover with cryptographic token signature autograph from lady gaga even physical product! you never know until you find one. ceeker albert albert super cool who into long walks, witty talks and deep learning! pays you ceek tokens every time you tag item virtual reality that hasn't yet recognized! thanks albert!! ceek foundation the ceek foundation's mission support entrepreneurial, innovative, bright minds with imaginative ideas help ceek develop broader community based initiatives for science, technology and education. the total ceek token proceeds will into the ceek foundation for r&d toward future innovation these important ceek initiatives. ceek global innovations all rights reserved live music $.b $.b $.b digital $.b physical $.b music markets trends users want engage with the artist and are looking for interactive experience $.b growth $.b $.b $.b interactive voting venues programming ceek takes interactive voting "next level" experience ceek city allowing ceekers access self-governing, user curated content inside private experiences and public experiences through interactive vote based venue and programming controls. all votes are cast using ceek tokens custom venue tokens. concert arena theatre sports complex private venue programming private venues are self-governing, user curated and not require vote. simply select the experience and enjoy. the director programming will establish the programming schedule options requests are voted for and confirmed voters. public venues additionally, ceekers will vote approve sponsors for venue naming rights, branded experiences, elected officials and much more. voting bounties are included with many the interactive voting features detailed below. the first public venues that will enable interactive vote based venue and programming control will the concert arena, sports complex and movie theatre. ceek global innovations all rights reserved naming rights ceekers will vote approve naming rights for sponsors non-branded venues within ceek city. currently, ceek city has several nonbranded venues that are available for sponsors request the naming rights for. sponsor requests will submitted through online submission form future date tbd. here's how works: once compile the list sponsors who submitted requests for naming rights will open the voting for ceekers who will then select and vote for the sponsor their choice for each the following venues: theatre concert arena sports complex hangout lounge each sponsor will able submit application for any the venues listed above, but can only approved for single venue sponsorship during sponsorship term years). the event that single sponsor wins the vote for two venues single term, the winning sponsor will required select which venue they prefer naming rights for and the next runner will then secure the naming rights for the alternate venue. during the application process sponsors will submit application with sponsorship bid denoted ceek tokens required venue token, which will reviewed the governor and city manager who will turn issue list accepted sponsors for the community vote for final approval. voting bounty available. percentage the winning sponsor's bid tokens determined (tbd) will distributed community bounty rewards voters who participated casting votes during the sponsorship selection process. the governor and budget committee will set the percentage distribution during the budget and appropriations meeting after the token sale. branded venue exclusion venues that are already branded will excluded from naming rights for obvious reasons. for example, the space center and empire state building are venues that are discussion launch soon and will branded experiences ceek city. custom venue experiences voting existing venues have the ability institute voting for custom experiences. the venue manager can simply put out options for visitors choose from vote for future venue experiences. venues can also choose coordinate with the city manager for more mainstream exposure. voting bounty available. each venue manager will set the bounty for participation. some venues will choose announce airdrops gain widespread exposure for their venue. new venue voting new venues can recommended and put vote within the community anyone. the best way this join lobby member the blockchain congress issue smart contract proposal that will voted the community. see ecosystem roles "blockchain congress" section for more information. voting bounty available. ceekers issuing new venue proposals other considerations for vote can include bounty for participants. ceek global innovations all rights reserved live stream voting live stream voting will fun and engaging for all and with interactive environment, ceekers will given many opportunities vote inside various venues such as: music concerts theatre performances sport events during live performance the concert arena audience members can vote for the next song the virtual skin the artist will wear during the next set they play, for theatre the next act impromptu change script (think "whose line anyway") for improvisational, interactive comedy. there are many possibilities and are sure see many variations take place ceek these events and interactions unfold. voting bounty available artist venue's choice. for example, the performing artist may set bounty vip tickets special performance that will given away during the event select voters, could combination bounties, such autographs virtual album covers, never released song artist, skins give-a-way, digital download and more. ceekers may also cast votes for requests that venues can approve advance. proud announce the first ever livestream event for the world dance (wod) finals that will live cast ceek get ready vote!!! here's how will work: for example, ceek would mint custom ve-nue token for voting. ceekers who want vote alongside judges during the event will first register inside ceek purchase wod coin with ceek tokens prior the event. one ceek will wod coins throughout the wod finals ceekers will watch each performer and then vote for their favorite act win during series open voting periods announced during the show. ceekers can vote many times they want during the open voting period. votes are cast they will validated through blockchain consensus providing near real time results that will broadcast live results dashboard ceek venues around the globe. vote judges ceekers will able vote alongside judges during special live stream events, such major music awards show where ceekers will vote virtual reality during the live event and decide the spot who the winner during the show. this unprecedented and will set new standard for interactive entertainment! imagine voting and then moments later the artist who ceekers voted win walks stage accept the music award! very exciting indeed.. ceek envisions that this will "the next big thing" for interactive entertainment and about world dance world dance southern california-based dance, fashion, music, and entertainment brand founded david gonzalez, myron marten, and michael mcginn the world's largest dance entertainment enterprise, elevating artists and brands with events, entertainment and digital engagement. https://worldofdance.com ceek global innovations all rights reserved tendermint consensus engine new heigth propose valid block invalid block not received time prevote nil new round commit precommit for block precommit for block wait for precommits from precommit nil precommit block ceek will use the tendermint consensus engine for voting via proof-of-stake mechanisms across array cryptocurrencies implemented abci applications. how works that participants the protocol are called validators; they take turns proposing blocks transactions and voting them. blocks are committed chain, with one block each height. block may fail committed, which case the protocol moves the next round, and new validator gets propose block for that height. two stages voting are required successfully commit block; call them pre-vote and pre-commit. block committed when more than validators pre-commit for the same block the same round. there picture couple doing the polka because validators are doing something like polka dance. when more than two-thirds the validators pre-vote for the same block, call that polka. every pre-commit must justified polka the same round. validators may fail commit block for number reasons; the current proposer may offline, the network may slow. tendermint allows them establish that validator should skipped. validators wait small amount prevote for block prevote block wait for precommits from prevote for block time receive complete proposal block from the proposer before voting move the next round. this reliance timeout what makes tendermint weakly synchronous protocol, rather than asynchronous one. however, the rest the protocol asynchronous, and validators only make progress after hearing from more than two-thirds the validator set. simplifying element tendermint that uses the same mechanism commit block does skip the next round. assuming less than one-third the validators are byzantine, tendermint guarantees that safety will never violated that is, validators will never commit conflicting blocks the same height. this introduces few locking rules which modulate which paths can followed the flow diagram. once validator pre-commits block, locked that block. then, must pre-vote for the block locked can only unlock, and pre-commit for new block, there polka for that block later round during the world dance live stream event the tendermint protocol will used successfully broadcast validated votes during the wod event. ceek global innovations all rights reserved ceek growing world class partners distribution channels including: mobile computing oems. *estimated device installs based partners preloading ceek app join and support distribution network that growing! ceek global innovations all rights reserved ceek technology architecture ceek's streamlined content management system will include seamless blockchain integration; providing increased ability for fair and transparent content management, tracking and monetization ceek's technology covers the spectrum content creation delivery ceek's technology coverofthe spectrum content creation delivery app user facing website register authenticate chat messaging upload view images video friend find follow join manage ecommerce profile find content interest schedule buy real time services track user sesion authentication chat messaging save images video post content facebook ecommerce activities some content paid users friend find follow join seamless for users get content through website, mobile app, and hardware. ceek app services easy for creators upload, manage and track analytics their content. verify user content license content owner website upload videos schedule content track analytics set content pricing video schedule stream deliver content user mobile dedicated app ceek global innovations all rights reserved backend infrastructure ceeks multi-faceted, tenancy framework offers patented, hardware agnostic, backend infrastructure meet and exceed the scaling demands for virtual economy ceek app tenancy framework network devices app development multi environments analytics reporting varying api integration sdk's (ios, android, gear vr, oculus rift, daydream etc) multi-cdn strategy machine learning ceek global innovations all rights reserved media services layer ceek provides network aware, reactive media services environment for interactive virtual reality experience you will love external outevent "get movie information" ceek provide html/javascript code for asking cms about movie information internet internet trigger initiate communication chain appl ication ceek cms handle external outevent/script handle commuication between local webpage and cms show external event with movie information recieve movie information (text and creative) lookup movie information and send back ceek global innovations all rights reserved blockchain systems consensus protocol tendermint ceek protocol network previously discussed, ceek will use tendermint technology secure protocol network. tendermint partially synchronous bft consensus protocol derived from the dls consensus algorithm. tendermint notable for its simplicity, performance. the protocol requires fixed known set validators, where each validator identified their public key. validators attempt come consensus one block time, where block list transactions. voting for consensus block proceeds rounds. each round has roundleader, proposer, who proposes block. the validators then vote, stages, whether accept the proposed block move the next round. the proposer for round chosen deterministically from the ordered list validators, proportion their voting power. game assets own servers and backups profiles database memory block api protocol mempool cache network (tendermint) proposer node valid block commit block link token (etherium) coins wallet ceek device ceek global innovations all rights reserved chainlink connects smart contracts any/ all external systems apis chainlink secure blockchain middleware that allows ethereum smart contracts the ceek platform connect external, off-chain resources through outside data feed triggers. market data this allows ceek offer services for direct purchase smart contract, such "on-chain" subscriptions. events data retail payments bank payments creating decentralized infrastructure for smart contracts access critical offchain resources, ceek now has scalable, secure and auditable way add data, offchain payments and api's into smart contract. ceek global innovations all rights reserved ceek scalability model: sharding mentioned, one problem that each node needs store the updated state each account the network. 'sharding' draws from traditional scaling technique called 'database sharding', which effectively breaks database into pieces and puts each part different server. needs know about transactions blocks that doesn't store, then finds another node with the information needs. ceek plans use sharding within validated network: state split into shards, each ceek account one shard, user can only transact within the validated ceek platform (buy virtual assets, mint virtual goods, voting, etc.) all shard, ceek network transactions using 'cryptoeconomic incentives' that drive actors system act responsibly ensure that nodes are passing valid information other nodes. the goal sharding move away from requiring 'full' nodes those which store the full state the network and every transaction that occurs. instead, each node stores subset this data and only verifies those transactions. node the bottom model level transaction group header shard id: pre state: cbff post state: cee receipt root: fad transaction group body ceek global innovations all rights reserved the top level every transition specifies shard each asset will have own id) transition "in" shard "x" implies that shard sends from account shard "x" think the top-level non-scalable, ethereum style, blockchain, with state transition function valid if: pre-state root equals shard root global state signatures randomly pre-selected set are valid) shard root global state becomes poststate root transaction grouping shard "x" contains zero more transactions shard specifies pre-state root and post-state root for that shard solution: merkle tree receipts block state root txtgroup root block state root ... txtgroup root ... block state root txtgroup root ... shard id: pre state: post state: root: receipt root: cbff cee hce fad ...state... ...txs... receipt building this simple case, one can further extend and generalize channels work with multiple ceekers are not explicitly turn-based. with these assets, ephemeral timestamps allow improve channels. ceek global innovations all rights reserved the economics scalable model, contract contract calling requires actual transactions, not just virtual messages. this can made censorship resistant, there common knowledge that info create sub call exits, sub calling can compelled. first bits address shard id, attempting synchronously call contract outside shard triggers ceek like expectation. transaction groups all have same gas limit ceek are erc- tokens supported powerful framework open source smart contracts and software development kits. ceekers can update the global state through transactions made the ceek blockchain through off-chain channels (chainlink). time-stamping through the ceek blockchain ensures that all participants each reach consensus the shared state decentralized and provably fair way. believe that the key successful blockchain implementation lies solving the scalability problem. the ceek smart virtual reality token ceek tokens will easy use, multi-purpose tokens where ceekers will able earn and trade virtual goods and experience all kinds interactive entertainment the most popular virtual reality platform online. ceek global innovations all rights reserved ceek smart contracts and celebrity coin minting celebrity coin and virtual merchandise minting ceek allows celebrity artists use special tool called the celebrity coin mint, whereby unique custom minted coins are created event tickets that provide artists access new, untapped and unlimited revenue streams. these celebrity minted coins and virtual merchandise items take the traits cryptocurrency each are assigned their own ethereum address, therefore offer fans the ability cash owning rare items that can gain value very quickly virtual reality. times, celebrity artists will sign these items with special cryptographic token signatures that cannot duplicated and are authenticated the blockchain their rarity and value. ceek virtual item mint the ceek virtual mint, smart contract token conversion protocol that will enable celebrities easily create custom venue tokens coins that allow them create their own "in game" currencies and that can used for other purposes, including those with special token signatures for those creating voting applications that use tokens. the ceek mint also allows for creating virtual goods and other virtual items such as: concert tickets that have adaptive, transformative properties. tickets could programmed change after admission into concert for example, changing into album cover signed with cryptographic authenticated signature the performing music artist the ticket could allow someone win access after party vip event. many possibilities. virtual skins these can created and offered for sale other ceekers worn one the celebrity performers could become quite valuable. in-game items (swords, gems, etc.) frequent visitor coupons offering venue perks ceek pet accessories could created that increase the characteristics and value pets. again, many possibilities and variations will seen the future. the following customizations can made during the virtual item creation: name total supply ceek token exchange rate tradable item locked white list transfer options transfer only approved exchanges melt percentage fee developers can program items have fee that they can recoup the item were ever melted the purchaser. note: once item created "tradable" virtual good, then will always tradable transferrable. this opens exciting option for people who want create marketplaces where they can profit from trading fees they want only allow their virtual items traded through approved exchanges. for example, clash clans could decide create their gems inside ceek virtual reality and could allow clashers use these in-game, creating entirely new opportunity and market place for their players take advantage of. the ceek virtual mint registry will keep track all created virtual tokens, coins, and other virtual items which will recorded onto the blockchain for immutable tracking. this smart contract stores all virtual goods one "monolithic" smart contract which will save gas cost for transactions. each virtual token, coin item created will erc compliant and provided their own unique ethereum address through type erc adapter that uses the bancor protocol. payment gateway, smart contract will govern the on-chain and off-chain payments through chainlink. smart wallet will allow ceekers store their valuable, virtual items, custom tokens, coins, tickets, ceek pets, custom gaming items and anything value virtual reality that allows ceekers carry and control their virtual goods! ceek global innovations all rights reserved interactive shopping overlays ceek global innovations all rights reserved terms participation total financing softcap: usd $,, hardcap: usd $,, includes migration from sql database blockchain/dlt platform, and building one ceek mega studio state the art facilities. ceek token supply: ,,, currency accepted: eth, btc, dash amount tokens per person: unlimited minimum sale amount eth: us$ minimum sale amount btc: us$ maximum sale amount: unlimited start date: march th, est time, utc-) end date: april st, est time, utc-) ceek token usd ceek believes utmost importance that wide variety participants can take part the token sale, therefore have created whitelist approval form. please visit www.ceek.io you would like register for whitelist approval. bulk purchase extra discount $m+ $m+ *promotional bonuses can not combined start date: april nd, est time, utc-) end date: april th, est time, utc-) start date: april th, est time, utc-) end date: april th, est time, utc-) start date: april th, est time, utc-) end date: may th, est time, utc-) start date: april th, est time, utc-) end date: may th, est time, utc-) ceek token usd ceek token usd ceek token usd ceek token usd only billion ceek tokens will ever created. the ceek tokens are intended allocated follows: will locked for years reserves and for future reserves ceek will sell the ceek tokens during the private, pre-sale and public sale. unsold tokens will used for future celebrity coin cast token. ceek will implement whitelist process ensure that wide variety participation open for the community. will the company, early contributors and advisors will reserved incentive the development community ceek global innovations all rights reserved use proceeds legal contingency operations total ceek foundation r&d marketing business development content licenses platform advancements and development (%) will expanding our development team and hiring new blockchain specialists. will utilize smart contracts often feasible. our long term plan process all transactions blockchain. content licenses (%) will finalize the build our innovative bluescreen facilities for capturing original content. built ad-hoc (temporary) capture studio center staging burbank, for the filming the dystopia experience. our goal have permanent studio replete with camera tracking and light filed camera technology enable continuous capture content from artists. already have interest from top artist from all studios record experiences our facilities once completed. not raise the required capital build permanent studio, will continue build the hoc studios various locations. part the proceeds will also cover licenses, publishing, acquiring and creating original content and enabling content creators easily distribute through our platform. marketing and business development (%) will leverage our channel partners and high profile artists with large fanbase for revenue generation and organic user growth. our marketing efforts will leverage the amplification benefits having channel partners with billions our target users. our content and social efforts have driven more users than any other channel. this systematic way that can grow our users, since have pretty good indicator our user metrics. are also creating marketing automation and highly scalable referral engine through api integrations. have already completed this kind integration for our marketing promotions with apple itunes. these integrations will continue big focus for moving forward. many cases with api's this kind existing for most our partners, this becomes huge distinguishing advantage. these integrations will serve structured referral engine drive ongoing users the ceek community. will also engage with app platform promotions (ios, android etc), event marketing, content marketing, sem and other influencer marketing. months live operations (%) this will provide financial stability build strong market share and leadership through community growth the early months while there high interest but low awareness options entertainment. ceek global innovations all rights reserved ceek milestones roadmap ceek develops mobile platform with unity bundles sold ceek awarded virtual reality and augmented reality foldable headset patent (d,) ceek partners with universal music ceek and universal music release megadeth dystopia experience produced ceek ceek headset available best buy stores ceek partners with t-mobile content without data charges. controller patent awarded megadeth dystopia album wins grammy award ceek wins clio siver award for design audio headset patent (d,) awarded system for interacting within virtual reality environment patent awarded ceek selected for amazon launchpad amazon investment ceek token sale private sale starts mar ceek pre token sale mar public crowdsale apr core smart contracts, development initiatives begin ceek becomes first company sponsor olympic athlete with crypto ceek partners with apple. itunes and api integration implemented ceek opens api and sdk (to select developers) ceek premium headse launches target stores ceek exchange for digital items payment gateway and smart wallet ceek blockchain beta platform multi-language support localization ceek studios build-out commences cryptoshopper enable ability for ceekers buy headsets with ceek and other leading cryptos major sports partnership including exclusive esports content and branded headsets great american rivalry series live events and ceek cast voting microsoft mixed reality headsets device preload starts ceek release for oculus rift and gear vr, roblox million registered users) ceek blockchain summer content release beyonce fans), rihanna fans), shakira fans), michael jackson fans) and more fanbase music artists and performers ceek content catalog exceeds billion fans combined vat availability ceek sdk for virtual world developers ceek blockchain partner global award show broadcast countries ved leadership mary spio ceo founder digital cinema pioneer mary spio holds +technology patents and former head satellite communications boeing digital cinema. spio previously founded online and mobile video platform with clients including microsoft xbox, coca cola and clear channel. mary recently joined the advisory boards oculus for good (facebook) and amazon launchpad. jason king cto chief technical advisor jason king longtime fixture the cryptocurrency space. known pioneer applying blockchain technology humanitarian work, the founder both sean's outpost and unsung.org, two the world's first cryptocurrency-based charities. chistopher kramer blockchain engineer christopher was the recipient ibm's global entrepreneurs award for blockchain based social media application, ong.social and helped architect the design the ong coin token and aml/kyc program. kramer possesses extensive knowledge cloud computing stack for blockchain technologies, such bigchain db, ipfs, blockstack.org, hyperledger, ethereum, waves, multichain and was recently featured the cover industry magazine. laurie clark coo laurie highly-placed executive the music, gaming and video industry with leading retailers including staples and transworld entertainment (nasdaq: twmc). svp for staples she helped take staples from million billion. laurie graduate harvard business school. ceek global innovations all rights reserved akim millington director, global partnerships akim former new orleans saints (nfl) offensive lineman and founder centi athletics, marketing company that connects iconic brands influential athletes. akim graduate the university illinois champaign-urbana. saibaba talluri vp, global strategy sai has extensive experience identifying new opportunities, program management and execution. brings significant business and technical acumen from his past roles amazon, microsoft and wipro for over years. tina brown head community and client relations tina comes with extensive customer success experience, having held similar roles three.co.uk, and yell networks. tina holds mba from greenwich school management. alex lasarev cmo alex the founder the infinite man summit and has been "inspiring men create extraordinary lives" since alex entered the blockchain space and has been immersed the technology ever since. fanatically passionate about blockchain technology and it's potential. ceek global innovations all rights reserved advisors mukhtar mussabetov blockspace labs inc., founder ceo mr. mussabetov the founder ceo blockspace labs worldclass blockchain strategy and fintech company. serial entrepreneur and co-founder three blockchain startups, mukhtar possesses wealth knowledge the blockchain based ecosystems ranging from regulatory assessment, corporate governance, aml/kyc compliance tokenized structuring analysis. previous experience includes investment experience with more than +multi-billion deals negotiated oil and gas, mining and related industries. tony lustig ceo rural investments ltd tony lustig served the director and head mergers acquisitions lockheed martin space for business. earlier, lustig served the founding teams iridium, space imaging, and lockheedkhrunichev energia. has advised/completed over transactions value across the u.s., asia-pacific, and emea. lustig earned mba financial services investments from golden gate university, and aeronautics from san jose state university. harry kloor dr. harry kloor american scientist, film producer, director, writer and businessman. kloor was the first person awarded two phd's simultaneously two distinct academic disciplines who holds phd's physics and chemistry. dr. kloor bold innovator and futurist who created the avatar xprize. chris hunichen former ranked online poker player. chris blockchain architect specializing token mechanics, ico infrastructure, and investor relations. hunichen provides insights how technology enablement, digital transformation and enterprise intelligence contribute performance improvement and creating multiplying effect during company pre-launch and post-launch growth and performance transformations. advisor experty.io, and blitzpick. ceek global innovations all rights reserved conclusion since the inception our company, have created new category (vr bundle) for physical and digital distribution virtual and augmented reality experiences via our patent awarded technologies. have secured partnerships, solid business model and robust pipeline repeatable, profitable and scalable opportunities. now plan fuel growth integrating dynamic, blockchain-enabled ecosystem for virtual reality that offers partners, developers and ceekers world-wide access transparent, new revenue streams offering one the most exciting opportunities partner together ceek new reality. over the upcoming months, our longview focus position ceek the definitive mobile entertainment market leader. are using unique approach leveraging our early mover advantage and team's deep industry expertise and relationships. the ceek executive team comes with proven track record industry leaders ranging from microsoft, boeing, the walt disney company, dreamworks skg, century fox, nfl, verizon and zynga. strategic eative and project: ceek _promotional description: t-shirt graphics ceek global innovations all rights reserved file name: east suite york tel ceekvr_t-shirt_final_r.ai date: process cyan process magenta process yellow process black pantone references https://www.economist.com/news/business/-media-companies-took-battering-inter-netcash-digital-sources-last https://techcrunch.com////virtual-goods-the-next-big-business-model/ http://www.vgsummit.com/ https://venturebeat.com////video-games-will-make--b-this-year/ http://www.pcgamer.com/how--virtual-knives-saved-counter-strike/ http://www.pcgamer.com/how--virtual-knives-saved-counter-strike/ harry kloor quote don tapscott quote https://www.techrepublic.com/article/virtual-reality-in--the--biggest-trends-to-watch/ https://www.androidauthority.com/challenges-facing-mobile-vr-/ http://vrsource.com/japan-display-ppi-vr-display-/ https://www.androidauthority.com/qualcomm-snapdragon---specs-release-date-/ http://www.imdb.com/name/nm/bio?ref_=nm_ov_bio_sm https://www.khronos.org/openxr https://tendermint.readthedocs.io/en/master/introduction.html#what-is-tendermint https://worldofdance.com https://github.com/mobfoundry/hackatom/blob/master/tminfo.pdf https://link.smartcontract.com/ https://enjincoin.io/ ceek global innovations all rights reserved legal time lock and ceek token delivery schedule update all ceek tokens will delivered business days after the last day the public token sale tokens will unlocked. timing sale ceek global innovations (cgi). reserves the right change the date when the initial sale will begin and further reserves the right extend the sale duration for any reason, including the unavailability the website https://ceek.io other unforeseen security procedural issues. though does not currently anticipate doing so, ceek global innovations (cgi). also reserves the right shorten the sale duration for any reason. ceek token pricing ceek global innovations (cgi). management has detailed that each phase the sale shall partitioned and sold decreasing bonus rates the sale proceeds. full details about these price points will provided timely manner purchasers the initial sale and will available the website the time purchase. disclosure purchases enable ceek purchasers have much information possible guide their decision-making process, ceek global innovations (cgi). will disclose the total funds collected the ceek initial sale enable the purchaser develop understanding the size the existing ceek global innovations (cgi) funding pool the time their ceek purchase. obligation determine purchaser can purchase ceek purchaser's jurisdiction the token sale will run from march through april enable ceek global innovations (cgi) purchasers have much information possible guide their decision-making process, ceek global innovations (cgi) will disclose the total funds collected the ceek global innovations (cgi) initial sale enable the purchaser develop understanding the size the existing ceek global innovations (cgi) funding pool the time their ceek purchase. the initial sale constitutes the sale legal software product under british virgin islands (bvi) law. this product sale conducted ceek global innovations (cgi), company operating under bvi law. the responsibility each potential purchaser ceek global innovations (cgi) determine the purchaser can legally purchase ceek tokens the purchaser's country jurisdiction. acceptance terms and conditions ceek global innovations (cgi) token sale first step the purchase process, ceek global innovations (cgi). will present the purchaser with these terms, and associated documents. placing order for ceek tokens, the purchaser: (i) consents and agrees the terms; (ii) represents and warrants that the purchaser legally permitted purchase ceek global innovations (cgi) tokens the purchaser's jurisdiction; (iii) represents and warrants that the purchaser sufficient age legally purchase ceek global innovations (cgi) tokens has received permission from legal guardian who has reviewed and agreed these terms; (iv) represents and warrants that the purchaser will take sole responsibility for any restrictions and risks associated with the purchase ceek global innovations (cgi) tokens set forth below; and (v) represents and warrants that the purchaser has understanding the usage and intricacies cryptographic tokens, like btc, and ethereum all purchases ceek global innovations (cgi) are non-refundable. all purchases ceek global innovations (cgi) are final. purchases ceek global innovations (cgi) are nonrefundable. purchasing ceek global innovations (cgi), the purchaser acknowledges that neither ceek global innovations (cgi). nor any other the ceek global innovations (cgi) parties are required provide refund for any reason, and that the purchaser will not receive money other compensation for any ceek token that not used remains unused. taxation ceek global innovations (cgi) and taxation related the initial sale ceek global innovations (cgi). makes representations concerning the tax implications the sale ceek tokens the possession use ceek global innovations (cgi) tokens. the purchaser bears the sole responsibility determine the purchase ceek global innovations (cgi) tokens with btc the potential appreciation depreciation the value ceek token over time has tax implications for the purchaser the purchaser's home jurisdiction. purchasing ceek global innovations (cgi), and the extent permitted law, the purchaser agrees not hold ceek global innovations all rights reserved any the ceek global innovations (cgi) parties liable for any tax liability associated with arising from the purchase ceek global innovations (cgi). privacy: although (cgi) requires that purchasers provide email address, cgi will not publish any identifying information related cgi token purchases, without the prior written consent the purchaser. purchasers may contacted email ceek global innovations (cgi). regarding purchase. such emails will informational only. ceek global innovations (cgi) will not request any information from purchasers email. disclaimer warranties the purchaser expressly agrees that the purchaser purchasing cgi the purchaser's sole risk and that cgi provided "as is" basis without warranties any kind, either express implied, including, but not limited to, warranties title implied warranties, merchantability fitness for particular purpose (except only the extent prohibited under applicable law with any legally required warranty period the shorter thirty days from first use the minimum period required). without limiting the foregoing, none the ceek global innovations (cgi). parties warrant that the process for purchasing cgi will uninterrupted error-free. limitations waiver liability the purchaser acknowledges and agrees that, the fullest extent permitted any applicable law, the disclaimers liability contained herein apply any and all damages injury whatsoever caused related use of, inability use, cgi the cgi platform under any cause action whatsoever any kind any jurisdiction, including, without limitation, actions for breach warranty, breach contract tort (including negligence) and that none ceek global innovations (cgi). parties shall liable for any indirect, incidental, special, exemplary consequential damages, including for loss profits, goodwill data, any way whatsoever arising out the use of, inability use, purchase of, inability purchase, ceek global innovations (cgi). the purchaser further specifically acknowledges that ceek global innovations (cgi). parties are not liable for the conduct third parties, including other purchasers ceek global innovations (cgi), and that the risk purchasing ceek global innovations (cgi) rests entirely with the purchaser. the extent permissible under applicable laws, under circumstances will any the ceek global innovations (cgi). parties liable any purchaser for more than the amount the purchaser may have paid ceek global innovations (cgi). for the purchase ceek global innovations (cgi). some jurisdictions not allow the exclusion certain warranties the limitation exclusion liability for certain types damages. therefore, some the above limitations this section and elsewhere the terms may not apply purchaser. particular, nothing these terms shall affect the statutory rights any purchaser exclude injury arising from any wilful misconduct fraud ceek global innovations (cgi). dispute resolution ceek global innovations (cgi). and purchaser (the "parties") agree make good faith efforts resolve any dispute, controversy claim arising between them relating this pre-sale and their respective rights and obligations hereunder arising under this agreement "dispute"). the parties, their designated representatives, are unable resolve the dispute within ten business days after referral the matter them, the parties will submit the dispute for resolution pursuant paragraph this section. except with respect disputes concerning (i) the right either party apply court competent jurisdiction for interim interlocutory injunction other provisional remedy preserve the status quo prevent irreparable harm (ii) any disputes that may arise connection with breach party's obligations confidentiality hereunder, any dispute not resolved pursuant paragraphs and above, the parties will, acting reasonably, agree mutually the forum for resolution the dispute arbitration set out this section. after the completion the procedures set forth paragraph and agreement the parties enter into binding arbitration accordance with paragraph this section, either party may within thirty calendar days refer the dispute arbitration serving written notice its intention arbitrate the dispute the other party. the arbitration will ceek global innovations all rights reserved conducted single arbitrator mutually agreed the parties within three business days following the date the referral the dispute arbitration. force majeure ceek global innovations (cgi). not liable for failure perform solely caused by: unavoidable casualty delays delivery materials, embargoes, government orders, acts civil military authorities, acts common carriers, emergency conditions (including weather conditions), any similar unforeseen event that renders performance commercially implausible. event force majeure occurs, the party injured the other's inability perform may elect suspend the agreement, whole part, for the duration the force majeure circumstances. the party experiencing the force majeure circumstances shall cooperate with and assist the injured party all reasonable ways minimize the impact force majeure the injured party. complete agreement these terms set forth the entire understanding between each purchaser and ceek global innovations (cgi). with respect the purchase and sale ceek global innovations (cgi) tokens. for facts relating the sale and purchase, the purchaser agrees rely only this document determining purchase decisions and understands that this document governs the sale ceek global innovations (cgi) tokens and supersedes any public statements about the initial sale made third parties ceek global innovations (cgi). individuals associated with any ceek global innovations (cgi). parties, past and present and during the initial sale. there are warranties, representations, covenants, agreements, express implied, between the parties except those expressly set forth this agreement. this agreement may only amended written document duly executed the parties. severability the purchaser and ceek global innovations (cgi). agree that any portion these terms found illegal unenforceable, whole part, such provision shall, such jurisdiction, ineffective solely the extent such determination invalidity unenforceability without affecting the validity enforceability thereof any other manner jurisdiction and without affecting the remaining provisions the terms, which shall continue full force and effect. waiver the failure ceek global innovations (cgi) require enforce strict performance the purchaser any provision these terms ceek media networks inc's failure exercise any right under these agreements shall not construed waiver relinquishment ceek media networks inc's right assert rely upon any such provision right that any other instance. the express waiver ceek global innovations (cgi). any provision, condition, requirement these terms shall not constitute waiver any future obligation comply with such provision, condition requirement. except expressly and specifically set forth this these terms, representations, statements, consents, waivers, other acts omissions ceek global innovations (cgi). shall deemed modification these terms nor legally binding, unless documented physical writing, hand signed the purchaser and duly appointed officer, employee, agent ceek global innovations (cgi). updates the terms and conditions the ceek global innovations (cgi) initial sale ceek global innovations (cgi). reserves the right, its sole discretion, change, modify, add, remove portions the terms any time during the sale posting the amended terms the ceek global innovations (cgi). website (www.ceek.io) any purchaser will deemed have accepted such changes purchasing ceek global innovations (cgi). the terms may not otherwise amended except signed writing executed both the purchaser and ceek global innovations (cgi). for purposes this agreement, "writing" does not include e-mail message and signature does not include electronic signature. any point, you not agree any portion the then-current version the terms, you should not purchase ceek global innovations (cgi). cooperation with legal authorities ceek global innovations (cgi). will cooperate with all law enforcement inquiries, subpoenas, requests provided they are fully supported and documented the law the relevant county jurisdictions. ceek global innovations (cgi). will endeavor publish any legal inquiries upon receipt. for further information regarding the ceek global innovations (cgi) token sale, please contact: support@ceek.com ceek global innovations all rights reserved