ldoh deposit coins. borrow cash against your cryptocurrency. earn interest. celsius network: borrow cash. earn interest. the celsius wallet the celsius wallet will one the only online crypto wallets designed allow members use coins collateral get loan dollars, and the future, lend their crypto earn interest deposited coins (when they're lent out). crypto collateral members will able borrow usd against their crypto holdings their wallet which will used collateral. our goal allow anyone who's need cash easily borrow from the celsius platform without having sell their crypto holdings. the ability take loans dollars against your cryptocurrency will available after the celsius tokens are issued. crypto interest the future, through the celsius network, cryptocurrencies deposited members into their celsius wallet will earn pos fees and available the network for immediate borrowing and shorting for fee. coins that are lent from member wallets used pos collateral will begin accrue interest the form celsius tokens (cel), allowing members earn annual interest*. this functionality not yet available and will rolled out future. this functionality may conditional regulatory approvals, which celsius will obtain condition for rolling out these features. celsius network: borrow cash. earn interest. introducing: the celsius token (cel) conjunction with the launch the celsius crypto wallet, we're excited introduce the celsius token (cel). after our token generation event, members will able use their cel tokens secure access loans dollars using their crypto collateral. the future, members who deposit coins their celsius wallets will also able earn cel tokens reward for lending the network. we're designing cel (erc token) the backbone the celsius network, creating value-driven lending and borrowing platform for all our members. the celsius token (cel), the moment the token generation event (tge), will have utilities including: the ability become member the celsius platform and community the ability deposit your cryptocurrencies the celsius wallet the ability apply for dollar loans with cryptocurrencies collateral the ability pay interest these loans discount the future, the cel token will have additional utilities including: allowing members lend cryptocurrencies order gain interest achieving seniority the platform which will impact the interest rate gained get interest rewards cryptocurrencies lended ethereum celsius credit e=mc celsius' community will continue grow more and more people are able get loans dollars using their crypto collateral they lend their unused coins credit other members. crypto assets holders can get more cel tokens the more they loan and borrowers pay less hedge their positions. more people join the celsius ecosystem, the more everyone benefits. members celsius network: borrow cash. earn interest. banking broken celsius driven create financial platform where your interests are our top priority. sometimes you just need cash members may holding crypto, but now they need buy car pay down expensive credit card debt. unfortunately, most car dealerships banks still don't want cryptocurrency. believe crypto assets hold real value, and should easy for crypto holders leverage this value borrow cash. crypto collateral cash hand want make borrowing cash whole lot easier. celsius' goal allow its members use their crypto holdings collateral order secure low interest loans dollars. rather than selling their crypto (pay taxes and forfeit potential future gains), with celsius they can leverage their cryptocurrency borrow the cash they need today, while still maintaining their crypto portfolio for future value. wallets without interest, nobody wins anyone with cryptocurrency sitting cold storage some exchange wallet, earning exactly zero interest. believe there should way for crypto holders hodl coins while still leveraging their crypto assets and helping other crypto holders. crypto interest depositing coins the celsius network, crypto asset holders will able earn interest for their lent coins. plan offer large array lending options, from one-day one-year contracts, all with highly competitive interest rates. with celsius, members will able easily earn interest their crypto assets the same way they earn the savings the bank but with much better rates. celsius network: borrow cash. earn interest. banking broken the not the most financial institutions still don't get cryptocurrency. they want short the market because they're blinded being late the party this one. right now, there's good place for them bet against the cryptocurrency market other than expensive futures markets like the cme and centralized exchanges. sure, ahead and short hedge funds, family offices and crypto funds still want play the world cryptocurrency. fortunately for us, they are willing pay high fees so, many them want short the market. after the token generation event completed, will begin working our platform that will allow make the most their greed taking cash deposits and charging them interest when they hedge. this lets pass most the earnings back the community and lend more dollars the rest the celsius community. cryptocurrency prices are volatile, and get that. like any market, prices are going jump and down due number factors. while many are excited about the rising valuations, some believe many coins are overvalued and are interested shorting. with celsius, will make easy for those people borrow coins from our community and short them the market. celsius will never take position trade against its coin holders lenders. our interests are aligned with our lenders charge the borrowers looking short much possible grow the community. members who want borrow dollars against their crypto coins will charged interest below further grow the community and invite outside people buy more crypto. celsius network: borrow cash. earn interest. let's get into the tech "our platform will unique combination multi-block-chain nodes, auto trading multiple exchanges and high-end user experience. all this orchestrated smart predictive algorithms designed reduce rates, maximize profits our members, mitigate risks, and maintain the safety and growth the ecosystem." nuke goldstein co-founder and cto building every day we're not thinking about product, we're building one. our team plus developers has already produced working prototype both our mobile wallet for lenders and our shorting platform for borrowers. both products are now being beta tested and plan for our initial public release fall q-q- concept formulated alex mashinsky initial team assembled version whitepaper released tech team hired and development begins version techpaper released public announcement blockcon private presale begins celsius network: borrow cash. earn interest. road map mvp wallet prototype released redesign website goes live version whitepaper released version techpaper released march public crowdsale phase celsius wallet app released (will allow members deposit their crypto assets wallet use collateral for loans) expansion alt coins (we will gradually including moreof the top cryptocurrencies for use our wallet) phase celsius wallet app released (st usd loans issued, with member bank accounts linked wallet and loans paid back usd cel) party microlender integration phase celsius wallet (further integration new coins, users will begin earning interest) celsius network: borrow cash. earn interest. road map multiple blockchain type nodes support top coins trading multiple-exchanges smart algorithms manage risk integration with market trading tools order short implement ethereum plasma proofof-stake distributions celsius members celsius network: borrow cash. earn interest. technical specifications security and risk celsius building the platform with security its core. will use bank-grade security keep our members' assets and data safe. from multi-factor authentication, encryption, private-key double vaults, and more. our software designed with security mind. crypto assets will distributed among several wallets and top exchanges. addition, will store cold wallet treasury provide last-resort insurance case catastrophic event. will also employ white-hat hackers and third party cyber security solutions provide continuous cover layer audit and protection. community support we're here for the cryptocurrency community, our goal support the community providing them with access loans using their crypto holdings collateral and also provide the community with way earn interest their crypto assets. lending protection members who lend coins the celsius network will protected the celsius lending protection pool (funded our fees). any defaulted lending coins lost will insured through our protection pool and coin values will restored immediately. the celsius wallet will show our cash deposits every day which will also audited outside accounting firm several times year. compliant legal adhere all applicable rules and legal guidelines. will working with top-of-theline financial institutions, and will require all members the celsius community through kyc (know your customer) order comply with anti-terrorism and anti-money laundering (aml) laws. our fees celsius' model aims protect its token holders and always what their best interest providing the most competitive rates for dollar borrowers, and the future, token holders. will take variable fee based the amount interest charged each borrowing transaction. our members will always receive minimum least annual interest any lent crypto currencies. will not charge account transaction fees. celsius network: borrow cash. earn interest. celsius' token economics we're building the celsius platform allow our members deposit, lend and borrow variety different crypto assets. the celsius token (cel) will key for users who wish lend borrow. cel are platform utility token that rewarded crypto holders the celsius wallet interest their coins. that interest generated from fees, cel tokens, collected from institutional traders who use the assets pool. celsius has non-for-profit model where proceeds are used cover all costs and membership growth, while most are distributed back the members community. when the token issued, members who own cel tokens will able apply for and receive dollar loans against their current holdings. addition, users who accept the loan may pay the interest cel tokens for discount. digital exchanges (gdax, gemini,...) issues loans executes sell buy orders deposit coins profits losses coin holders (coin lenders, borrowers) earn cel tokens traders (coin borrowers) pay fees cel tokens pay interest cel loan services will provided part the celsius ecosystem, and not necessarily celsius itself. celsius network: borrow cash. earn interest. celsius' token economics our dual-sided system will create supply and demand cycle between institutional traders, such hedge funds, who seek borrow coins and require the cel token pay the fees and commissions; and the crypto holders around the world who receive these tokens interest their lent coins. this much-needed fundamental service which believe will help grow and nourish the cryptoeconomy. great, but you really need token? yes, do. our lending and borrowing model requires blockchain and open ledger technology, also requires consensus and global footprint coin holders order really gain traction and complete our mission. any loan issue may collected from thousands individual coin holders which may switched any time. only smart contract capable tracking and paying micropayments can handle such complexity. while will starting with allowing our members borrow dollars against their crypto, our long term vision -sided marketplace for lending and borrowing that will utilize: open ledger with the celsius platform millions transactions will transacted between borrowers and lenders and open ledger the key transparency our platform. consensus whenever issue credit enable members borrow coins will employ the consensus given our members. global footprint are building celsius global decentralized marketplace that allows lenders from anywhere the world earn interest regardless their base currency the local laws they operate under. celsius network: borrow cash. earn interest. crowdsale begins march symbol category platform crowdsale cel finance erc march token supply** tokens for sale* accepted currencies eth, btc usd presale token price crowdsale token price soft cap hard cap $,, $,, delivery date plan deliver all contributions within few weeks the close the crowdsale *any excess tokens will burned after the token sale. **at launch, there will million tokens (or slightly less any tokens not sold will burned). are selling the tokens million) between the presale and public sale, and will distribute tokens shortly after the close the public sale. the additional million tokens will placed into smart contract, with tokens being released the celsius treasury only the cel token price the secondary market remains above average for ten days (meaning the price cel has increased from the time the crowdsale). and additional cel tokens will released only the cel token price the secondary market remains above average for thirty days (meaning the price cel has increased from the time the crowdsale). couple things note about these additional tokens: they are released directly the treasury and not any individual exchange and they will used predominantly fund new loans (%) with the remaining used incentivize new team members grow. tokens placed into the treasury will used for new loans, and not sold off immediately upon delivery. rather, celsius would only sell off small portions from treasury meet the demand for dollar loans as-needed basis (i.e. our usd supply needs topping meet loan demand). celsius network: borrow cash. earn interest. crowdsale begins march platinum level gold level $,,* $,, $,,* cel bonus cel bonus sold out sold out silver level bronze level $,, $,,* $,, $,,* cel bonus cel bonus sold out sold out crowdsale token price minimum current bonus valid february th, bonus period subject end any time. please check our website for the most recent information. *estimated bonus allocations celsius network: borrow cash. earn interest. crowdsale begins march how we're going use the money loan reserves: $,, operations management: $,, research development: $,, legal regulatory: $,, general administrative: $,, sales marketing: $,, lenders' insurance pool: $,, token allocation presale: crowdsale: treasury: team: partners: advisors: *employee tokens are held allotments. the first allotment will unlocked six months after the token generation event. the second allotment tokens will released only the token price reaches average for ten days (meaning the price cel has increased from the time the crowdsale), and the allotment tokens will released only the average price remains for thirty days (meaning the price cel has increased from the time the crowdsale). celsius network: borrow cash. earn interest. about celsius we've built companies from the ground up, served hundreds millions users and completed multiple exits for billions dollars (including ipo). this isn't our first rodeo. our team experienced entrepreneurs knows how take concept from ideation full execution global scale. our founder, alex mashinsky, has filed over patents including the original patent voip technology. previously founded several multi-billion dollar businesses including arbinet (ipo transit-wireless and groundlink. cryptoholder since alex serves advisor and investor several blockchain companies including sirin labs, micromoney and ties network. our mission are building community borrowers and lenders, with the aim legally replacing wall street with blockchain, and allow all our members benefit from our ecosystem. traditional financial institutions should longer control the flow credit people across the world. want use consensus-based, proofof-stake approach allow the celsius community borrow, lend and vouch for each other, creating truly win-win-win self-governed solution for people involved every step the credit ecosystem. solidity celsius network: borrow cash. earn interest. our mission main street takes wall street with cash, banks make rich people richer. with crypto, let's not make the same mistake. are building community borrowers and lenders, with the aim legally replacing wall street with blockchain, and sharing the profits amongst our members. through our community pool, members will able borrow cash using their crypto assets collateral after the crowdsale and, the future, earn interest their deposited coins (when lent). serious sustainable the celsius network long-term mission. are conducting crowdsale order achieve our goals: decentralized network good actors who will supported with loans and credit. want people contribute our crowdsale who not only want get loans dollars using their crypto collateral but who also believe our mission expand the crypto community and the future credit the blockchain. over the past years, invented and built trusted marketplaces for advertising, voip, electricity distribution, music, information exchanges and other markets. celsius network: borrow cash. earn interest. executive team alex serial entrepreneur and founder seven new york city-based startups, raising more than billion and exiting over billion. alex founded two new york city's top venture-backed exits since arbinet, with ipo that had market capitalization over million; and transit wireless, valued billion. alex mashinsky founder and ceo over patents have been issued alex, relating exchanges, voip protocols, messaging and communication. fact, alex has foundational patent voip (voice over internet protocol) technology dating back and now working moip (money over internet protocol) technology. alex has received numerous awards for innovation, including being nominated twice e&y entrepreneur the year crain's top entrepreneur; the prestigious albert einstein technology medal; and the technology foresight award for innovation (presented geneva telecom one the pioneers web-based exchanges, alex authored patents that cover aspects the smart grid, exchanges, twitter, skype, app store, netflix streaming concept and many other popular web companies. additionally, arbinet's fundraising story was featured case study harvard business school. celsius network: borrow cash. earn interest. executive team daniel leon business and social entrepreneur with proven track record growing early-stage companies and building organizations from the ground up. daniel has co-founded and led multiple companies and not-for-profit organizations. daniel leon founding president coo before governing dynamics, where managing partner, was ceo atlis labs, venture-backed local discovery platform powered real-time customer referrals. prior that, daniel served ceo beyond and chairman hereo. was also general manager, groundlink, which raised more than million funding during his tenure. started his career vice president with the gallup organization. daniel holds degree economics from brown university. splits his time between new york and tel aviv. fazli was dow jones before spending the majority his career bloomberg various engineering leadership roles where led large group spanning multiple continents and timezones. while bloomberg, fazli streamlined operations implementing agile development methodologies and moving legacy software systems open-source environments. also scaled tradebook's equity matching engine which included smart order router achieve greater order flow. syed fazli cto celsius network: borrow cash. earn interest. executive team nuke seasoned software developer, architect, innovator, and entrepreneur cutting-edge technologies. his career ranges from image processing and iot and blockchain. prior his work the celsius crypto assets lending and borrowing platform designed credit protocols using distributed storage and smart-contracts nuke was the ceo and founder sevenpop, leading interactive music technology provider hundreds hotels and shopping centers across israel. nuke holds b.sc. computer science from the technion haifa (israel's most elite institute technology). also has black belts kempo karate and combat ju-jitsu. addition, has been awarded grant the national science foundation. nuke goldstein evp engineering development keith has spent his career full-stack marketer working for startups, agencies and large corporates. before joining celsius, spent the past three years consulting for startups london, berlin and new york, primarily focused the financial, travel and saas sectors. his last role with travelex, keith was named global head r&d where created and developed new division within travelex looking emerging technologies like the blockchain and cryptocurrency keith baumwald cmo celsius network: borrow cash. earn interest. keith discovered cryptocurrency and began attending meetups new york city and japan. this lead him contributing ethereum's crowdsale the summer making him our team's oldest hodler ethereum. keith also served peace corps volunteer uzbekistan for two years shortly after finishing university. executive team ms. bacalu has has over years experience growth companies across technology, communication real estate and financial services. prior joining celsius mrs. bacalu served chief financial officer kalyx, fully integrated real estate development company, leading multi state provider commercial and industrial space the highly regulated cannabis industry. prior that, from ms. bacalu served chief financial officer sapir organization, leading real estate holding and development company prior sapir, from ms. bacalu was vice president finance and chief financial officer doubleverify and peer, both advancing tech companies different stages development. during this time, she was also active member the iab (interactive advertising bureau) cfo council. ronit dvir bacalu cfo liz advises growth stage technology companies spectrum strategic business development initiatives. for over two decades, she has consulted with founders, partners, and investors create scalable sales and marketing structures. prior entering the blockchain and crypto arena, she worked with variety technology and bpo companies accessibility/ assistive technology, voip, publishing, biotech, and healthcare. she current activator sheeo, global initiative designed radically transform the way investors finance and support female entrepreneurs; she has served the boards several startup ventures. liz has english from barnard college, columbia university. liz rabban sales celsius network: borrow cash. earn interest. tech team malisa pusonja blockchain architect lead malisa has been front-end and back-end full stack php angular developer working new features. used the virtual environment, e.g. puppet/vagrant, and continued his professional career full stack lead developer vibe network, working angularjs/jquery, ansible, css/htmlparallax sites), mysql/mongodb, php/nodejs, rabbitmq, and varnish. malisa then turned his attention towards the blockchain, where built lemon e-mail, the world's first encrypted and decentralized e-mail service, using ethereum ipfs decentralized platforms. malisa's passion for philosophy, data science and engineering have helped him become leading, international blockchain expert. stevan koprivica lead backend engineer stevan web development for more than years, from the time altavista. com, angelfire.com till nowadays. witnessed and first browser war, cgi-bin/, php/fi, msql, dot-com boom/bubble, javascript, ajax, web frameworks, lamp, mean, sql, nosql, websockets, cloud computing, etc. web programmer with proven track record architectural design, development and maintenance web sites and services various complexity and scale for variety companies and industries. full-stack developer love with plain css code, who thinks vba the only perfect programming language and environment. his favorite technologies are php and solr. branislav djuric lead frontend engineer ever since was child, branislav enjoyed tinkering with computers, making computer science obvious career choice. studied belgrade. honed his professional skills while working with various teams belgrade, zurich, amsterdam, berlin and other european cities. believes that technology and nature intertwine, creating beautiful patterns and need only observe them learn from them. branislav loves fintech applications making the blockchain realm natural fit for him. fervent supporter open source technology and focuses in-browser applications, data visualization well human-computer interaction. has successfully failed starting startups. celsius network: borrow cash. earn interest. tech team antun debak product design designer with over years experience. antun's focus currently digital product design, but has experience various fields ranging from graphic design and coding product management and entrepreneurship. has been both sides, from freelancing and aiding small startups and design agencies worldwide, working full product lifecycle projects with big players such microsoft, realnetworks, vodafone, verizon and more. antun loves giving back the community organizing conferences, design workshops, meetups and more. cpo mvp workshop, he's currently building crypto community the balkans and leading all our and product design efforts here celsius. filip jovakaric developer proficient all things javascript related with frequent excursions into other languages like ruby and python, embraces new and innovating technologies this ever-changing environment. considers blockchain technology game changer for the whole world and enjoys being part team that will build this future. nemanja krstonic blockchain r&d nemanja blockchain research development analyst mvp workshop. his research focused structuring and analyzing types token distribution criteria, consensus protocol, and ico trends. passionate about data science, business product development. milos jovac developer miols started php developer more than three years ago. transitioned android development years ago. has also been dabbling with nodejs backend and javascript for few years before starting experiment with blockchain for the past year. djordje stevanovic developer djordje developed card publishing system using java ee, html, css, javascript, typescript, angular redux, rxjs, react. has has also worked front-end for music distribution service (html, css, javascript, angular) well maintained and upgraded existing erp system (java ee, hibernate, spring, html, css, javascript). celsius network: borrow cash. earn interest. core team aliza landes head sales and bd, emea aliza landes has spent the majority her professional career officer the israel defense forces, where she has served the nexus defense policy, communications strategy and international relations. aliza enlisted into the idf spokesperson's unit, where she served press officer and liaison foreign media outlets. she founded the idf's new media department and, its commander, revolutionized the idf's public relations efforts. aliza was recruited the coordinator for government activities the territories (cogat), which responsible for attending the humanitarian needs palestinians the west bank and gaza strip. aliza continues serve cogat reservist with the rank captain. aliza grew boston. she earned her b.a. middle eastern studies and political science from mcgill university. june aliza completed dual mba and mpa mit sloan and harvard kennedy school, respectively. during her tenure graduate school she served the president the kennedy school israel caucus and the mit sloan israel business club. her spare time aliza likes treks. she has climbed kilimanjaro, hiked the grand canyon, torres del pines, the dolomites and the kungsleden trail. ross gottesman head sales and bd, ross has nearly years experience marketing, product, and sales functions, primarily fintech. before joining celsius, held number product management roles digital payments mastercard, which included improving transaction safety and security via proprietary alerts and controls platform. marketing capacities american express, enhanced the value proposition prepaid cards and was instrumental the strategy and execution industry development initiative that grew spending. his background also includes television, video games, blogs, real estate, and mass transit. part his fascination with the blockchain its potential for financial inclusion. ross earned his b.s. with honors from cornell university. celsius network: borrow cash. earn interest. core team vid data scientist with over decade experience academia (amsterdam vid stimac institute for advanced labour studies, amsterdam institute for international risk management development, european school management and technology, hertie school governance), management consulting (accenture research), international technical team lead assistance (world bank, undp, european commission) and even the public sector (public policy secretariat the republic serbia). co-founded varhak, data science start-up, where leads team data scientists, financial quants, and machine learning experts, who are developing celsius' dedicated risk forecasting and management system: hdgctrl roman krywulych senior risk manager roman finance and risk management professional, whose experience spans both credit/counterparty risk and market risk management. prior joining celsius, roman worked nasdaq, where used advanced data analytics and automation tools build out and improve nasdaq's consolidated risk system. the solutions roman implemented perform credit analysis, generate alerts, and execute risk calculations automated fashion for nasdaq fixed income (an electronic treasuries trading platform for high-frequency traders), the omx nordic clearinghouse, and nasdaq treasury's in-house liquidity portfolio. roman avid crypto trader and has been investing/trading and attending meetups the space since holds degree industrial and systems engineering from lehigh university. leah jonas director client services leah graduate the university arizona where she received degree sociology and business. prior joining celsius, leah held positions marketing, customer service, and technology sales- both corporate and start-up environments. was her experiences working start-ups (as well reading the book digital gold) that helped her realize that the emerging crypto-currency market was actually start-up industry, with tremendous opportunity. effort help others understand this fast developing field, she founded the crypto-content club, focusing blockchain technology and industry developments. celsius network: borrow cash. earn interest. core team kristen ryan event coordinator kristen joins celsius with background tech sales, nonprofit event work and small business management. she began learning more about blockchain early she became passionate about the technology's humanitarian possibilities. ingamar ramirez head marketing ingamar graduated from suny geneseo, majoring english literature. served for years chapter bankruptcy consultant prime clerk, the market-leading claims agency. ingamar coordinated noticing and distribution payments for cases such american eagle, radioshack, sbarro, pacific sunwear california, inc., etc. simultaneously, consulted with local media firms, with services including sem services, linked-in lead generation, content writing and optimization, web design and development, which eventually left prime clerk mid- pursue fullfocus. this gave him plenty time attend cryptocurrency meetups nyc and discuss white papers with developers and investors. ingamar starred short film titled "rope" which undergoing post-production. ashley harrell director operations ashley comes celsius with wide breadth experience, from managing operations real estate investment trust hosting interactive tour bus rides. after obtaining b.m. opera from santa barbara, ashley moved nyc with big dreams broadway stardom. after success musical theater, comedy, and performing high-end cruise ships, she found her way business operations. ashley worked director development for downtown non-profit, made her way into the city's growing beer industry, worked operations manager reit offering space cannabis operators, and now has found her new home cryptocurrency. when she's not busy planning what other cutting-edge industries she can bust into, she's brewing beer singing schubert loudly. from lending land title rights, she eager see the improvements blockchain technology will bring the world! kristen has b.a. sociology from boston college. celsius network: borrow cash. earn interest. core team kaitie zhee head outreach kaitie the founder and cmo space made media, full-service marketing and agency with the sole focus supporting revolutionary blockchain technology and cryptocurrency companies. kaitie has been involved cryptocurrency since and made her full-time focus today she active advisor select ico projects and crypto coin trader, one the largest and most engaged cryptocommunities social media, where she applying her over years experience and best practices community and digital marketing for many fortune clients including sprint, ibm, espn, colgate-palmolive, nissan and many others. when she not trading, talking, growth-hacking obsessing over the incredible future cryptocurrency, she can found leading living room dance parties with her three kids. eric slonaker community manager eric the client relations/ strategic partners for cryptocointrader.com, launching end february eric has made large impact being recognized one the most respected names the space, based his desire maintain large, healthy, and thriving environment for the community prosper. crypto coin trader one the largest and most influential cryptocurrency communities the world, with over members, has helped build multiple branches cct, targeting more specific and designated topics crypto. leading example, eric has been staple the crypto community, earning his place near the top over the past year. shirin semsar head ux/ui design ux/ui designer with over years experience. shirin studied computer engineering tehran university and started her career working for companies like jame jam, farabi stock marketing and sigma company where she was web/ui/ designer. her next role lead ui/ui designer, shirin managed ui/ux team, created interactive prototypes specifications (including screen layouts, color palettes, typography, and user-interface elements). when she moved hong kong, her role freelance ux/ui designer included building guidelines and wireframes for two start-ups different companies. shirin moved the where she started her graduate degree web and multimedia design touro college. she oversees all celsius' ux/ui needs and continues teach web design courses touro college. celsius network: borrow cash. earn interest. core team john arce head marketing, asia john digital marketing professional with over years experience. the founder webgeek philippines, community platform for developers startups. previously, worked marketing lead cardable, salarium and infoshift. also the lead organizer devcup, the biggest developer hackathon manila. former curator techstars startup digest philippines, weekly newsletter digest startup events. passionate about startups, inbound marketing, cryptocurrency and tech communities. john very bullish the future blockchain technologies and loves working the forefront innovative space. lola scheiner sales associate, emea lola has worked few startup companies fields telecommunication and web-based applications nyc which later grew, matured and flourished successful ipo's. recent years lola has been consulting corporations and private customers fields cyber technology and ways adopting proper business communication. she holds b.a. business from the interdisciplinary center (idc) and b.ed english and volunteers teaching english underprivileged children israel and enjoys rock climbing. anita motwani west coast sales anita began her career wall street first sales then later trading. she then moved the bay area and began career working with technology and cleantech companies. she focused business development, strategy, sales and fundraising efforts for startups variety spaces including fintech, e-commerce, digital health, sustainable agriculture, social media, insure-tech, biotech and clean technology. anita network advisor for the only venture capital fund that invests algorithmically called correlation ventures. anita founding member the silicon valley blockchain society group the bay area. celsius network: borrow cash. earn interest. advisors miko matsumura co-founder evercoin miko matsumura founded crypto exchange evercoin, and limited partner with the pantera capital ico fund ico-only fund). personally invested filecoin, brave, civic, propy and lyft. year operating exec silicon valley, has raised over million capital for open source startups. leads the crypto underground meetup san francisco and speaker the upcoming token fest, keynoting iconference nyc, block con, global blockchain summit, the future money summit and thought leader afp the largest organization financial professionals the us. moshe hogeg co-founder president sirin labs moshe accomplished serial entrepreneur the technology sector. both chairman and co-founder singulariteam, prominent israeli tech venture capitalist vehicle. moshe has played active role across the development sirin labs, specifically defining product functionality and underpinning technology. chris dannen founder iterative capital chris has extensive experience blockchain technology including advisor position blockmatics, consultant with bloomberg and founder and partner iterative capital management. chris also has number technology publications and has written length about ethereum and other cryptocurrencies. specializes business strategy and development. sonic zhang sonic zhang entrepreneur and investor. the co-founder and global director nations league block-chain (b), international ngo focused bridging blockchain and crypto-currency communities worldwide. and the co-founder valuebank group, global network fiat-crypto exchanges, with crypto wallet and payment solution. founder valuenet capital, focusing investing blockchain startup and cryptos,portfolio include omisego, binance, powerledger, wax, coinpoker, playkey, robotcache. co-founder murint capital, fund for tech and entertainment industries. founder sorelax, global platform for cross border marketing and services. sonic has mpm and mechatronics from university sydney. celsius network: borrow cash. earn interest. advisors rashid malik mr. rashid malik serves the chairman and ceo haya holdings since april previously malik was the founder and deputy ceo/ chief corporate development office dubai aerospace enterprise. dubai aerospace was able raise dollars. served advisor colony capital chairman. was professional pilot with emirates airlines for years. active investor new technologies. holds bachelor degree from bucks, new university and postgraduate master's degree (mba) from pepperdine university los angeles. ivan bjelajac operating director godaddy partner mvp workshop passionate about developing products, systems, and working with people dedicated building flat organizations, ivan driven search for game-changing brands that improve consumers' lives. ivan's engineering background devops, system engineering and customer support analytics. dr. elliot noma algorithm/ai advisor elliot teaches machine learning columbia university and quantitative risk management the masters' program for mathematical finance rutgers university. elliot currently advises fin-tech companies the application machine learning, natural language processing and blockchain technologies. previously, was portfolio manager running fund hedge funds and was the chief risk officer asset alliance, billion seeder hedge funds. elliot graduated from dartmouth college with b.a. mathematics. received m.a. mathematics and ph.d. mathematical psychology from the university michigan. ivan was declared one the most successful young entrepreneurs under years. from ivan was president the serbian association small and medium-sized enterprises (member oecd, ueapme, insme, and sme europe) and the founder and president serbian blockchain initiative. celsius network: borrow cash. earn interest. flow capital and crypto assets celsius network: borrow cash. earn interest. cash and crypto money flow overview this document describes the flow funds and cryptographic assets within the celsius network platform. there are three key actors the platform: lenders who commit crypto assets lending pool and may request for crypto-backed fiat margin loan, borrowers who get leveraged margin trading tools, and the celsius service which orchestrates the system using sophisticated algorithms that move crypto and fiat funds needed and executes trade orders several coin exchanges. the celsius service maintains both fiat custodian accounts and crypto asset accounts, addition funds are managed the coin exchanges order provide quick response time for trade orders. the system also creates supply and demand cycle the celsius token (cel). the cel token used fee for borrowers crypto assets and rewarded interest lenders contributing their assets. the following diagram provides overview the flow funds and assets between the key system components and their corresponding internal accounts: custodian account ($) margin trader crypto holder crypto transfers main account (leveraged short) margin loan installments pay coin exchange [bank] deposit withdraw funds trader account trader account trader account trader account crypto crypto accounts (btc, ltc, eth...) [lending stake pool] (lender) warm wallet celsius network: borrow cash. earn interest. cold wallet cash and crypto money flow overview lender wallet activities crypto asset holder transfers coins into the wallet celsius mobile app). user's crypto assets are stored celsius accounts called lending stake pool. the coins, part them, are transferred several top coin exchanges. daily interest the form celsius tokens (cel) transferred into the wallet. user may withdraw unlocked crypto, including cel tokens, any time. ryp walle dollar margin loan using crypto collateral len stake pool coin exch ang cel tokens added acco unlock coins with draw .user specifies fiat amount loan (maximum limit based risk parameters and current value crypto assets), some the user's crypto locked and cannot withdrawn until the loan paid. .user receives fiat funds using: debit card direct bank transfer celsius bank account user issued with payments installment plan and instructions. case value drop crypto celsius may issue margin call the user asking for: immediate loan repay b.add crypto wallet user fails act and crypto value continues decline celsius may sell crypto the exchanges recover dollars and reduce loan amount user pays interest and loan installment by: direct payment celsius bank account send checks celsius celsius deposits bank account c.pay via instructions sell crypto net off interest payment received when principal payments are made some the crypto assets are unlocked lock crypto asset recei loan celsius network: borrow cash. earn interest. mak pay ryp cash and crypto money flow overview borrower margin trader account and short selling coin borrower deposits minimum into celsius custodian trader account coin borrower places leveraged short order, where funds are locked cover: margin high stop limit (amount risk) fees and commissions fees and commission are moved the custodian master account, some may used purchase celsius tokens which are distributed the lenders daily. needed, crypto coins from the lending stake pool are transferred several top coin exchanges. celsius issues sell order crypto the exchanges initiate the short position behalf the borrower (trader). some the fiat from the sell order may transferred from the exchanges the custodian master account. when the short order closed, exchanges are ordered purchase back the crypto, where: the coin value lower than the purchase price, gains are transferred back the custodian's trader account. the coin value higher than the purchase price, funds are deducted from the custodian trader account and transferred the custodian master account cover the losses. any uncommitted capital can withdrawn the borrower time. set dollar account celsius network: borrow cash. earn interest. open short position sell coins from lending pool buy coins any cover trader gains/losses cash and crypto money flow overview celsius token funds flow the celsius token (cel) converted from fees paid borrowers (margin traders). this fee, although charged fiat, converted cel tokens the celsius service and distributed the lenders' wallets daily interest: trader that places margin trade order required pay dollar fee, addition daily commission charged long the position remains open. celsius releases cel tokens from internal cache according the value the fees and commissions. needed, cel tokens may purchased open markets. the celsius service distributes the lenders their cel token rewards daily base. lenders may buy/cell cel tokens open markets desired. borrower pays fees commissions celsius converts the fiat cel cel distributed daily lenders lenders sell cel tokens open market funds marketing token sale investments token investment token price increase metcalife's law network effect users more tokens the tokenized flywheel diagram for illustration purposes and should not perceived investment advice celsius network: borrow cash. earn interest. legal considerations, risks and disclaimer summary important notice: please read the entirety the "legal considerations, risks and disclaimer" schedule carefully. recommend you consult legal, financial, tax other professional advisor(s) experts for further guidance prior participating the sale the cel tokens issued celsius network ltd (the "company"), which part and acting behalf the celsius group, all outlined the company's white paper and the terms govern the sale. please note that this summary the legal considerations, risks and disclaimers schedule that can found the following [link], and which you must read full before: (i) making use this white paper and any and all information available the website(s) celsius network ltd and/or (ii) participating the company's token sale outlined this white paper and governing terms (the "token sale"). any undefined capitalized terms below shall have the meaning set out the "legal considerations, risks and disclaimer" schedule. this summary should not relied place reading the "legal considerations, risks and disclaimer" schedule full. the "legal considerations, risks and disclaimer" schedule applies the company's white paper and any and all information available the company's website. the contents the "legal considerations, risks and disclaimer" schedule outlines the terms and conditions applicable you connection with (i) your use this white paper and any and all information available the website; and/or (ii) your participation the token sale, each case addition any other terms and conditions that may publish from time time relating this white paper, the website and the token sale (such terms hereinafter referred the "terms"). the information set forth the "legal considerations, risks and disclaimer" schedule may not exhaustive and does not imply any elements contractual relationship. while make every reasonable effort ensure that all information: (i) this white paper; and (ii) available the website (collectively referred the "available information") accurate and date, such material way constitutes professional advice. the company does not recommend purchasing tokens for speculative investment purposes. you should not purchase thrive tokens for investment purposes. such tokens are not designed for investment purposes and should not considered type investment. you acknowledge, understand and agree that holding cel tokens not guarantee, representation warranty that the holder will able use the company, receive any tokens utilized the company. you acknowledge and agree that you are not purchasing cel tokens for purposes investment, speculation, some type arbitrage strategy, for immediate resale other financial purposes. you acknowledge that all purchases cel tokens are final and nonrefundable, and the company not required provide refund for any reason and that you will not receive money other compensation any form refund, and you consent right withdrawal from the ico. celsius network: borrow cash. earn interest. legal considerations, risks and disclaimer summary cel tokens not entitle you any equity, corporate governance, dividends, voting similar right entitlement the company any its affiliated companies. tokens are sold digital assets, similar downloadable software, digital music and the like. the company does not recommend that you purchase tokens unless you have prior experience with cryptographic tokens, blockchain-based software and distributed ledger technology and unless you have taken independent professional advice. citizens, nationals, residents (tax otherwise) and/or green card holders each of: (i) south korea; (ii) the people's republic china; (iii) state israel; (iv) united states (v) any other jurisdiction which prohibits the possession, dissemination communication the available information and/or prohibits participation the token sale the purchase tokens any such similar activity any other restricted persons are not permitted participate the token sale. event shall the company any current former company representatives liable for the excluded liability matters. the company does not make purport make, and hereby disclaims, any representation, warranty undertaking any form whatsoever any entity person, including any representation, warranty undertaking relation the truth, accuracy and completeness any the information set out the available information. you should carefully consider and evaluate each the risk factors and all other information contained the terms before deciding participate the token sale. risk factors token sale risks the following summary the risk factors relation the cel tokens sale and company general. this summary should not relied place reading the full risk factors section "legal considerations, risks and disclaimer" schedule available here: [link] full. there prior market for tokens and the token sale may not result active liquid market for the tokens. future sales issuance the tokens could materially and adversely affect the market price tokens. negative publicity may materially and adversely affect the price the tokens. there assurance any success the company's business platform any future token functionality. the market price the tokens may fluctuate following the token sale. the private keys the escrow wallet may compromised and the cryptocurrencies may not able disbursed. celsius network: borrow cash. earn interest. legal considerations, risks and disclaimer summary company related risks the token may significantly influenced cryptocurrencies market trends and token value may severely depreciated due unrelated events the cryptocurrencies markets. the use the tokens may come under the scrutiny governmental institutions. the ownership tokens may fall under new and unpredicted taxation laws that will erode tokens benefits. there may unanticipated risks arising from the tokens. applicable laws and regulations may limit the utility, functionality, the accessibility and transferability the tokens. crowd sales have been known come under malicious attacks from hackers and/or other parties resulting theft tokens. such events may inflict massive losses buyers and the company. the user's wallet wallet service provider may not technically compatible with the cel token erc- protocol and may result with complete loss the contribution. the company may materially and adversely affected fails effectively manage its operations its business develops and evolves which would have direct impact its ability maintain operate the company's business platform and/or develop structure and/or license any future token functionality. the company may experience system failures, unplanned interruptions its network services, hardware software defects, security breaches other causes that could adversely affect the company's infrastructure network, and/or the company's business platform. the company may the future dependent part the location and data center facilities third parties. general global market and economic conditions may have adverse impact the company's operating performance, results operations and/or cash flows. the company the tokens may affected newly implemented regulations. the company may not able pay any anticipated rewards the future. celsius network: borrow cash. earn interest. crowdsale starts march join the presale now hodl hodl @celsiusnetwork celsius network: borrow cash. earn interest. feb