centrality whitepaper creating tomorrow, together contents important information ..................................................................................................... purpose meets opportunity ..................................................................................................... mission impossible for traditional startups .............................................................................. barriers mainstream adoption blockchain...................................................................... the solution: new startup life cycle ................................................................................... how the centrality platform works ......................................................................................... proven business model ....................................................................................................... centrality action ................................................................................................................. app boosting .......................................................................................................................... demand ........................................................................................................................ the centrality platform's existing marketplace ....................................................................... the economic model .............................................................................................................. technology approach ............................................................................................................. the centrality platform modules ............................................................................................ cennz tokens ........................................................................................................................ business plan .......................................................................................................................... centrality platform pte. limited.............................................................................................. conclusion .............................................................................................................................. centrality team ...................................................................................................................... the tech team ....................................................................................................................... sources ................................................................................................................................... important information general this white paper provides general technical overview the proposed smart contract-based token generating event described the cennz tokens section this white paper (the "tge") and, more generally, the centrality platform. this white paper for information purposes only. none centrality platform pte. limited, centrality investments limited, any their associated entities, nor any their employees, agents assigns (together, the "centrality entities", each "centrality entity") make any warranty representation (to the extent permitted law) the utility value cennz tokens (described the cennz tokens section this white paper) the operation the centrality platform. not regulated offer financial products this white paper, and the information contained and any information accompanying it, are not, and are under circumstances construed as, offer financial products any person who requires disclosure under part the financial markets conduct act (the "fmc act"). this white paper not product disclosure statement under the fmc act and does not contain all the information that product disclosure statement required contain under new zealand law. neither this white paper, nor any other document, have been registered, filed with reviewed approved any new zealand regulatory authority under accordance with the fmc act. the cennz tokens referred this white paper are not being issued with view being offered for sale new zealand any person who requires disclosure under part the fmc act. any offer sale any cennz token described this white paper and the information contained accompanying this white paper new zealand will made only accordance with the fmc act person who: (a) investment business specified clause schedule the fmc act; (b) meets the investment activity criteria specified clause schedule the fmc act; (c) large defined clause schedule the fmc act; (d) government agency defined clause schedule the fmc act; (e) eligible investor defined clause schedule the fmc act, provided that eligible investor certificate has been provided compliance with clause schedule the fmc act. addition, this white paper, and the information contained and any information accompanying it, are not, and are under circumstances construed offer sell issue, solicitation offer purchase subscribe for, all any the following financial products instruments: "securities" defined under sections and/or the securities and futures act (chapter singapore (the "sfa"); "futures contract" defined under paragraph (b) the definition "futures contract" under section the sfa; contracts arrangements for the purposes "leveraged foreign exchange trading" defined under the section the sfa; "commodity contract" defined under section the commodity trading act (chapter singapore) (the "cta"); contracts for the purchase sale any "commodity" (as defined under section the cta) way "spot commodity trading" (as defined under section the cta), (collectively, the "singapore regulated products"). not retail securities offer without limiting the generality the preceding paragraph, this white paper (including the information contained and any information accompanying it) not, and under circumstances construed offer sell issue, solicitation offer purchase subscribe for, any securities any retail investor any jurisdiction. wholesale investor warranties and selling restrictions any person who applies buy cennz tokens the tge irrevocably and unconditionally represents and agrees (among other matters that are set out the subscription agreement) that: (a) the person not citizen resident the united states america the people's republic china, nor citizen resident any country jurisdiction which the sale, purchase, disposal, acquisition, holding and/or trading tokens issued pursuant tge not permitted law, nor the person located geographic area that subject the laws any such country; (b) the person not citizen resident of, physically located in, the republic singapore; (c) the person new zealand, the person meets least one the criteria set out paragraphs (a) (e) above; (d) the person not new zealand, the person "wholesale investor" (or the equivalent term) for the purposes the securities laws all applicable jurisdictions; (e) the person not purchasing the cennz tokens agent otherwise for behalf any other person entity; and (f) the person has not: (i) offered sold, and will not offer sell, directly indirectly, any cennz token prior the date which centrality platform pte. limited, which will sell and issue the cennz tokens, notifies purchasers that the centrality platform has been released which will not occur until least months after the end the tge (the "release date"); and (ii) distributed and will not distribute, directly indirectly prior the release date, the white paper, centrality platform pte. limited's constitution, any other offering materials advertisements relation the tge the cennz tokens, other than persons who meet all the criteria set out paragraphs (a) (d) above, and where doing will not result (i) the sale the cennz tokens the tge being, being viewed as, regulated offer financial products securities any country jurisdiction, (ii) any contravention any centrality entity any other persons the fmc act, the sfa, the financial advisers act (chapter singapore), the cta any other applicable laws regulations any country jurisdiction (iii) the seller and issuer the cennz tokens, centrality platform pte. limited, other centrality entities, any their respective directors and officers, incurring any liability any country jurisdiction. anti-money laundering procedures any person who applies purchase cennz tokens the tge will subject strict anti-money laundering and countering the financing terrorism checks. these are detailed the subscription agreement. limited role centrality investments limited centrality investments limited acting solely arms' length third party organizer the tge and not the capacity the financial adviser fiduciary any person with regard the sale cennz tokens. guarantee neither centrality investments limited nor any other person guarantees the performance the centrality platform, the obligations centrality platform pte. limited, nor the functionality the cennz tokens. other material authorised save for persons who are expressly authorised centrality platform pte. limited writing, person authorised give any information make any representation relating the cennz tokens outside this white paper and the subscription agreement. offer contract this white paper not offer invitation any person purchase otherwise deal any cennz tokens. does not create contract between the centrality platform pte. limited and/or centrality investments limited with any person. recommendation financial advice this white paper has been prepared solely for general information purposes and not specific advice any particular prospective purchaser cennz tokens. not express implied recommendation any person purchase cennz tokens. addition, any information documentation (including this white paper and the subscription agreement) provided you centrality platform pte. limited and/or centrality investments limited (or any their affiliates), anyone acting their behalf, does not purport be, and shall not any way construed constituting, the provision any advice recommendation relating any singapore regulated product nor constitute any financial, business, accounting, legal tax advice recommendation. limitation liability centrality platform pte. limited had involvement with the 'early contribution round' for cennz round tokens arranged centrality investments limited. centrality platform pte. limited and its directors will bear responsibility liability whatsoever for any loss liability incurred any person relating the cennz round tokens. centrality platform pte. limited shall not have any liability respect any claim any person (whether under law otherwise) for any loss business profits, connection with any indirect consequential loss any punitive aggravated damages, arising out any matter circumstances giving rise claim (whether under law otherwise). risk summary the purchase cennz tokens involves considerable risk. these risks are described the 'risks summary', set out the cennz tokens section this white paper. tax holders that acquire cennz tokens are wholly responsible for understanding and meeting all their tax obligations whether singapore elsewhere relation their acquisition, holding disposal cennz tokens. any payments (whether scene tokens (as defined the cennz tokens section this white paper below) otherwise) that are made centrality platform pte. limited any holder cennz tokens will made after the deduction any withholding taxes, applicable, whether singapore elsewhere. any singapore goods and services tax the rate chargeable the issuance any cennz tokens centrality platform pte. limited, holders that acquire such cennz tokens shall bear such singapore goods and services tax. reliance person entitled rely the contents this white paper any inferences drawn from it. this white paper not intended substitute replace the due diligence that purchaser should undertake before deciding whether not buy cennz tokens. the information this white paper not intended relied upon relation to, and must not taken basis for, any decision subscribe for cennz tokens. each recipient this white paper rely solely their own knowledge, investigation judgment and assessment the matters which are the subject this white paper and any information made available connection with further enquiries. person must satisfy itself the accuracy and completeness the information contained within this white paper before entering into subscription agreement for the subscription cennz tokens. while the centrality entities have acted good faith and have made every effort ensure that the statements made this white paper are reliable and accurate, and that all estimates, forecasts, expressions opinion and other subjective judgments contained this white paper are based assumptions considered reasonable the date this white paper, warranty guarantee, representation (whether written, oral otherwise) made the centrality entities with regard the accuracy, completeness suitability the information presented this white paper (to the extent permitted law). this white paper should not relied upon, and shall not confer rights remedies upon you any other person. the maximum extent permitted law, the centrality entities have obligation amend, modify update this white paper should any the information presented herein change subsequently become inaccurate, incomplete unsuitable. white paper may updated from time time this version the white paper may updated from time time. you should ensure you read the current version available here accessing this white paper, you irrevocably and unconditionally agree bound all the above terms. purpose meets opportunity schumpeter's hypothesis that technology would only serve concentrate ownership and wealth towards large corporations now seems prophetic. given the early promise the internet era, lamentable that the bifurcation income between the haves' and the have nots' has become even more profound during the internet age. despite market growth and increased prosperity, the vast majority traditional tech startups fail and the odds their success are infinitely small even they are executed well. adam smith's invisible hand powerless against the tech giants. their significant head-start data gives application artificial intelligence (ai) the potential increase the scale inequality and reduce basic human rights free and democratic society. know potential revolution the horizon escape the gravitational pull the internet era. the internet has come, saw and conquered all with the data- mining-foradvertising model. the internet era had baby and that baby the decentralized blockchain. distributed networks blockchain have the ability transform the world traditional apps, technology models, business models, and economic models across the entire planet right now. while there great promise, there also problem with blockchain that not commonly acknowledged. the problem that there are hurdles that make the technology elusive for early stage companies and hard adopt for regular users. most blockchain use cases are still development and unproven. furthermore, many these use cases are areas average user would hard pressed engage with. transactions are anonymous, data has limited value without context relevance. this makes difficult employ critical technology such big data and machine learning world where these technologies are set dominate the landscape. mission impossible for traditional startups despite the challenges, the number new online startups continues grow and low barriers entry create huge fragmentation effort. consequently, very few startups achieve scale. the same time, users are interacting with fewer applications and their expectations are very high. the capability new startup needs meet these expectations almost impossible achieve. digital business models are often highly reliant data mining for advertising and newcomers are starting from very disadvantaged position compared incumbents. ubiquitous platforms are rapidly consuming new niches with their bigger, multi-disciplined and agile teams and access data anticipating market movements. "the average app loses its daily active users within the first days the install. within days, it's lost daus. within days, it's over %." quettra mobile intelligence report two key factors are working against market entrants achieving scale. firstly, the number digital start-ups out there rapidly expanding, fragmenting user attention, capital and technical resources. secondly, bigger platforms have huge lead user data, attention, capital and resource, which enables them either predict what's coming copy very fast. average, good plans, people, and businesses succeed only times. this because there are many components that are critical enterprise's success. the best companies might have probability succeeding each them. but even with these odds, the probability eventual success will less than because failing execute any one component can torpedo the entire company. individual event probability company has sufficient capital management capable and focused production development goes planned production and component sourcing goes planned competitors behave expected customers want product pricing forecasted correctly patents are issued and enforceable combine probability success just one the variables drops probability, the combined chance success falls .%. the reality this model, very small percentage people own and/or control all the assets and the system, which the other are effectively modern day serfs their feudal kings and queens. therefore, the holy grail and guiding purpose for centrality investments limited (centrality centrality investments) provide platform that will create decentralized community startups, successful world where the odds are otherwise stacked against them. graph theory and network analysis, indicators centrality identify the most important vertices within network decentralized points. applications include identifying the most influential person(s) social network, key infrastructure nodes the internet urban networks. the centrality platform described this white paper allows developers and entrepreneurs find and create these connections between their applications and create actions which join them together new degrees closeness. centrality currently has apps market, generating revenue with rapidly increasing user base. many these applications have partnerships with listed companies and major corporations help accelerate growth. the centrality platform already proving the benefits sharing data, users, merchants and insights these apps. this creating lower acquisition costs and faster scaling. barriers mainstream adoption blockchain blockchain technology has the power transform the way industries operate around the world. many blockchain companies are very technology-driven trading- and fintech-centric. there virtually mainstream consumer adoption the concepts are not familiar and the user experience and interface are quite technical. even company decides develop the blockchain, the talent pool limited and very few startups can access the talent required create robust solutions. many icos date have been very theoretical and overtly ambitious with little real world proof their value. the high failure rates are hardly surprise and likely continue considering the limited practical use cases and user engagement strategies. this itself represents substantial risk the ecosystem and consumer adoption. blockchain companies, while often ambitious about their desire change the system and create more distributed and decentralized world, are often following the same economic model their internet era startup companies reality. for example, they tend to: reproduce the boiler plate for each application over and over require the user onboard over and over again follow similar isolated value creation models and customer information silos their incumbent competitors result fragmented capital, human resources and user attention the solution: new startup life cycle the centrality platform ecosystem platform that supports each stage the startup life cycle. takes human-centric approach that allows users interact with range different applications with very low friction. the centrality platform allows developers create applications which leverage the combined scale the ecosystem order beat the incumbent startup hurdles that exist today. technology alone does not have the power overcome the momentum that the incumbent technology companies have, and with the advent machine learning these incumbent companies are extending their advantage exponential rates. without radical shift the way the economic model behind startup works, and without working different way the typical startup model, the landscape unlikely change. centrality's direct customers are smart entrepreneurs who are trying disrupt traditional value chains and concepts implementing blockchain technology the major advances application development have been driven platforms such aws and azure, providing developers with tools, services, apis and applications which enable them focus the value-creating parts the technology stack and user experience. however, this has further concentrated power the platform owners which have rapidly consolidated. imagine world where the developers and customers harness the benefits from the services provided platform like aws and the value the applications create, instead that benefit being concentrated single central entity. centrality has built platform, services and library applications that can used building blocks create decentralized application ("dapp") business. this component-based design gives startups flexibility over their product, while ensuring standardised look and feel across all centrality platform dapps. standardising design for all scenes, provides participants with clean user experience across the ecosystem. this component library allows start-ups access all the tools from the centrality platform toolkit, including login with blockchain, hybrid wallet, blockchain everywhere, api sdk, common microservices, big data platform, smart contract generator and token factory. addition these tools, users can seamlessly move between applications without being subjected traditional approaches customer application onboarding. this creates network interconnected dapps that users can transition between human-centric way. being part the centrality platform allows start-ups create commercial connections using smart contracts with other dapps who will help them grow. this avoids the cost and speed implications traditional commercial integrations and partnerships. the centrality platform helps blockchain developers circumvent the startup model by: providing place incubate their dapp consortium platform where constraints performance and cost associated with public chains don't exist providing the boilerplate services get their applications and running fast with minimal effort providing market place for different applications share the user pool, the data pool, the merchant pool, and the content pool across the platform overcome traditional 'chicken and egg' scale issues enabling machine learning framework that can help connect users one application relevant experience another real time increase engagement enabling decentralized applications built tge (ico) ready with integrated assessment/advisory investment banking support services providing access post tge services such exchange listing, ongoing reporting and performance monitoring how the centrality platform works the centrality platform creates the technological 'foundation' for dapps. centrality platform will receive allocation tokens issued each application powers return for delivering the core technology and ecosystem. developers create modules add the service catalogue that the centrality platform provides. various dapps plug into centrality platform. each dapp uses the cennz token purchase modules for their app, create connections users, data, content, merchants, and tokens the ecosystem. dapps across different use cases work together acquire users, data, merchants and content. the use smart contracts across the centrality platform ensures different companies can trust each-other. each dapp focused creating own businesses, partnering and on-boarding users, whilst centrality platform focuses powering the core technology and design proven business model centrality has already proven the business model and technology. within months being established, centrality delivered its platform technology phase and received stake more than real applications. these businesses are varying levels maturity, with several generating combined revenue the multi-million dollar range. centrality raised over eth its pre-sale continue expand its network around the world. centrality has received non-refundable research grant from the new zealand government over years. centrality has also formed strategic development partnerships with top tier blockchain companies such singulardtv and blockhaus ag. centrality action centrality has been able connect range applications centrality platform that are both dapp and hybrid using "blockchain everywhere" micro services. this solution allows developers deliver wide range block chain connected use cases that user would consume daily basis, without having compromise the quality experience nor the application performance. these applications are grouped into one ten 'scenes' with the aim that consumer will interact with least one application each scene and create their own group dapp experiences they can use navigate. app boosting different applications the centrality platform can help each other grow connecting users relevant services across the ecosystem. applications can lower their costs scaling sharing from the marketplace services, merchants, content and user. demand when applications are developed with the centrality software development kit ("sdk") the centrality platform, user can transition between and transact with different applications services seamlessly without needing download install another application from the app store, sign-in, create profile. the example below, belong customer has provided its staff with discounted ticket event reward. belong has connected with another centrality powered application, ushare, decentralized multi-modal, real time, transport application. the app connector tool allows belong offer ride the event via ushare. when the user clicks this option the full ushare native application installed the fly, less than seconds their current app interface and populated with the user's profile, wallet, meta data from their profile. the user can now book the ride without having install from the app store, create profile, add payment details insert the address their destination. belong and ushare both share the upside this connection via smart contract they created. the centrality platform's existing marketplace skoot travel experience marketplace with virtual companion designed for inbound visitors and free independent travelers. uses patented technology help users find interesting things do, drive safely and stay connected their loved ones whilst the move. skoot also helps affiliate partners such rental vehicle and camper hire companies generate new revenue opportunities well improving operational efficiency with data gathered in-vehicle. the skoot marketplace allows traditional tourism operators streamline their supply chains and enables peer peer market place for individuals offer experiences their spare time. centrality owns skoot. belong employee engagement platform and marketplace which helps businesses provide rewards (or 'perks') for employees, including non-fiat currency enable non-salary based incentives. belong also has powerful financial services engine for managing group and personal insurance plans, claims and entitlements. belong acts digital brokerage, leveraging its unique employer-provided user insights target and sell. centrality owns belong. ushare multi-modal demand transport application. ushare works across taxi services, rental vehicles, electric bikes and public transport. ushare changing the way ride sharing works creating modern day co-operative between providers and users. providers provide services, they earn tokens the ecosystem creating ongoing revenue stream technology evolves into automated services. centrality owns ushare. merge time management system for city dwellers. simply tell merge when you want leave, when you want arrive your destination. set when you'd like get notified and merge will let you know when it's the best time go. merge uses smart technology and incentive model schedule the time users travel maximize the throughput network. merge enables real-time vehicle insurance model. centrality owns merge. feedmi dapp that lets you jump the queue for busy restaurants, from anywhere you want, pay right from your table, and order pick home delivery. feedmi enables restaurants improve their profitability offering real time demand management and insights help optimize their business. average venue can save per year costs. centrality owns feedmi. singularx distributed cryptocurrency and token trading platform. singularx lets users trade crypto assets, make markets and convert crypto currencies. because singularx not centralized exchange, resilient service-disrupting attacks and fraud. centrality owns singularx. blockhaus building the world's leading blockchain-based financial investment banking platform for tokenised ecosystems. the blockhaus consortium was founded the people behind the global powerhouses global blockchain, mme and singulardtv. centrality developed the blockhaus investment banking technology. pocketpos merchant point sales aggregator providing access run campaigns, offers and vouchers and payments businesses and have them redeemed thousands retailers and vendors own point sales (pos) solutions. this allows users complete the purchase loop with cryptocurrencies directly with retailers own pos software without having integrate directly centrality owns pocketpos. aimy changing the way you approach health and wellbeing. aimy gives you the freedom workout your own terms. the app helps you challenge like-minded training partners and find fitness experts and activities that match your profile. aimy decentralized machine learning coach. aimy can run totally independently from the internet and you choose, can send zero knowledge data the cloud help improve the which pushed out the clients. aimy rewards participants for helping train further. aimy can help optimise insurance pricing for its users. aimy powered patented technology from arda.ai the world leader virtual coaching and centrality owns the company that owns arda, performance lab technologies limited. centrality owns aimy. city the consumer proposition for the smart city platform enabling user-centric commerce activations merchants, promoters and brand partners. aggregator city services and applications including direct events, food and beverage, experiences, health, fitness, venue, transport, parking, rideshare, bike share and brand partnerships. application designed help make easy get around the city, find interesting things do, well book and pay for them. city owned qms (asx listed) who will leverage city connect users its substantial apac outdoor and transport media assets. centrality owns city on. paycheck helps companies pay their teams crypto currencies. schedule payments and automatically convert currency the fly for the user. centrality owns paycheck. blockeeper helps blockchain companies comply with tax regulation connecting their transactions popular accounting software. blockeeper can act standalone book keeping service keep track payments and cashflows. centrality owns blockeeper. the economic model centrality has partnered with number marketplace use cases that will prompt consumers and brands transact with and through the centrality platform. through experimentation, centrality platform plans iterate the product with applications that create unique three-sided marketplaces for users, developers and investors. the supply side, both bots content creators will create unique experiences. the demand side, users will consume these products services. transaction driven shared application framework equitable value exchange helping create the our unique blockchain dapps across different use internet value. obscures the hard-technical parts cases work together blockchain. acquire users, data, merchants and content. centrality turns the traditional funding method its head. traditionally when somebody invests money into business, that money used build technology from scratch. this often results duplication components that already exist elsewhere, making hard scale efficiently without huge investment. with the centrality platform, the startup's dollar goes further because gains access network, lowering the cost acquisition per user, accelerating growth and providing better, lower risk return. the centrality platform aims solve the issues with schumpeter's hypothesis ensuring that every participant the ecosystem will gain value from their participation. scene joins centrality scene uses tokens when scene's application and purchases tokens build application published and live begins receive tokens onboards users which transact with other dapps the platform. the future, each time application introduces new user into the ecosystem, and that user transacts with other dapps the original application that originated that user will recognized with cennz. user joins application dapp ("dapp x") transfers cennzs another dapp ("dapp y") recognition for dapp originating users onto the platform which enter into transactions dapp via smart contract. each application created will allocate number their initial tokens centrality platform, and centrality platform will have the discretion airdrop these the holders cennz tokens. the 'centrality effect' will mean both users and dapps who hold cennz tokens share the utility created the centrality platform. everyone incentivized continue drive activity share the mutual success. the scene companies must pay centrality platform access fee denominated cennz tokens access the centrality platform. addition, centrality platform will earn revenue denominated cennz tokens from developers who pay use platform services their applications. centrality platform also shares the value the ecosystem's token basket receiving allocation each dapp's native tokens (if they are issued). monetization the different platform layers layers fees top layer dapps taking advantage dapps the middle two layers order provide their own users with value share value created middle layer centrality value added modules base layer centrality open modules, core profiles, wallets etc services fees paid cennz tokens free charge foundation built consortium ethereum blockchain technology approach have created platform that helps applications become part the blockchain and have wide spread consumer adoption building range components that overcome multiple hurdles. the centrality platform modules hybrid consortium chain the ethereum network currently operates proof work blockchain. future versions ethereum will work improve throughput and scalability. the current average block time approximately seconds. the number daily transactions the ethereum network has been growing. currently, the number daily transactions high ,,, with costs over per transaction and wait times over mins for conformation and this volume expected continue increasing new applications and users continue enter the ethereum ecosystem. the current throughput ethereum approximately transactions per second approximately daily transactions. over time, the ethereum network can also adjust higher volume conditions for additional throughput. ethereum transaction confirmation times result application experience that mainstream users are not typically familiar with. ethereum blockchain requires fees paid for every transaction. fees are paid ether cryptocurrency, creating adoption barrier for the average user. the centrality platform has implemented and runs consortium chain based ethereum with several improvements for better performance and security. the design will reduce latency and congestion, avoid network fees when creating transactions, and avoid stress the public network due large transaction volumes. blockchain everywhere microservices with complex set applications across the centrality ecosystem, not all applications are comprised services which are suited operating dapp context. for example, wouldn't practical capture, write and process all the data for real-time ride share matching service. however, these services need able interact with blockchain services order form cohesive application and user experience. the centrality ecosystem, all services have their own private key and public address. they can interact with the chain (event), store data and retrieve data from the chain. this also provides the mechanism for secure communication. data storage will depend the application's requirements, with bias towards storing in-chain where makes sense the user experience and economic model. this allows developers build complex services that can transparently interact with pure blockchain components. token factory order facilitate the graduation from the centrality consortium chain into public chain application its own tge, each application will encouraged create native token when joining the centrality platform. these tokens will erc compatible, which support the interaction and standards with the existing infrastructure the ethereum ecosystem. once application wishes enter the main chain, their "pre token" can exchanged for new token the token owners wish change the structure the token. login with blockchain order enable users move seamlessly between dapps within the ecosystem and carry their profile data new interactions, single user profile required. that user's unique ethereum address will the user's throughout the whole ecosystem. users will always own their own personal information. when user signs up, their profile will created and stored the chain via smart contract. this smart contract address will given the user. when user wants access new dapp they just need click the onboard button and the platform will supply the profile address the new dapp. dapps always have the latest user information. when user updates their profile, they only need update the information inside the existing smart contract, rather than updating each app individually. login with blockchain allows users use their blockchain profile connect non blockchain applications. hybrid wallet the hybrid wallet the portal the decentralized world. centrality platform has developed hybrid wallet which operates both traditional fiat currency payment wallet and cryptocurrency wallet. this wallet can work inside dapp traditional platform application, allowing businesses transition their user base blockchain enabled platforms smoothly. checkout, shopping cart, wishboard centrality has created shopping cart and checkout module that allows for combination fiat and cryptocurrency payments including real time conversions. centrality platform shopping carts follow the user between applications. the user's cart, opposed belonging the application. any products from any application can combined into single shopping cart. user onboarding wizards and user management console centrality has created modules allow applications onboard users and performs user management, permissions controls and reporting. content, inventory management and creation centrality has created modules allow the creation, management and publishing content and inventory blocks. attributes can assigned these blocks and they can then combined create wide range products and offer types. content, blocks and products can shared amongst the different applications. big data and machine learning interface one the keys startup success meaningful data. currently, all blockchain data anonymous and analysis the chain very slow. centrality's big data engine enables applications provide reporting, data analysis, machine learning and artificial intelligence services users where these users have consented this. api and sdk order enable users move between applications instantly, without the need visit app store, have designed sdk that allows developers create applications which interact across the marketplace. this helps maintain consistent user experience across the ecosystem for common components. platforms are successful when there commonly understood user experience. users already have learning curve understand the way dapps work. like apple has shown, providing common design language for users across many applications will help blockchain applications establish mainstream scale. this react react native (javascript es) compliant sdk includes wallet features (balance, transfer, sign receive etc), identity and user profile sdk for getting user's profile, authentication, interaction with dapps. application marketplace centrality applications will more successful when they work together grow the ecosystem. the application marketplace will allow the creators different applications create connections between each other where there mutual benefit. for example, ride hail application may work with food ordering application reach more customers reduce the cost delivery. app connector engine order connect different applications together, flow will need exist between them. the centrality sdk will allow different applications specify where they want flow from one process their application different process inside another application. smart contract generator allow different applications trust each other marketplace, centrality allows different applications create commercial relationships with each other via smart contracts. range template contracts will available new contracts can designed and provided the marketplace developers cennz tokens overview centrality platform pte. limited (referred hereinafter the "issuer") will issue fully-functional erc 'utility' tokens cennz main tokens (the "cennz tokens" "cennz") smart-contract based tge. cennz the native token the centrality platform. cennz will used help connect applications built the centrality latform modules, linking the customer information different processes. cennz also the fuel for the centrality ecosystem, used access the network services, purchase modules build applications from and enter commercial agreements between application developers assured smart contracts. utility: cennz utility token the sense that you need cennz operate many the modules/applications the centrality ecosystem and create smart contracts with other applications. recognition payments: dapp ("dapp x") may make transfers cennzs another dapp ("dapp y") recognition for dapp originating users onto the platform which enter into transactions dapp access and associated services will provided cennz holders, and such recognition payments cennzs will effected, each case the automatic execution smart contracts. shared success: cennz holders have the ability share the success each individual dapp being allocated the issuer's scene companies native tokens air drop discretionary basis. this allows all cennz holder participate the success the each dapp the ecosystem. please see the centrality platform pte. limited section this white paper for further information about the issuer. implementation and erc cennz will implemented the public ethereum blockchain erc token. the ethereum blockchain currently the industry standard for issuing custom digital assets and smart contracts. the erc token interface allows for the deployment standard token that compatible with the existing infrastructure the ethereum ecosystem, such development tools, wallets, and exchanges. ethereum's ability deploy turing- complete trustless smart contracts enables complex issuance rules for cryptocurrencies, digital financial contracts, and automated incentive structures. features and functionalities the cennz tokens cennz tokens will entitle holders the following rights: the right access the centrality platform, detailed the how the centrality platform works section this white paper; the right for holders' decentralized blockchain applications' (also referred dapps) access the centrality platform and related services, including services provided other dapps, provided that the monthly access fee cennz paid the issuer; the opportunity (but not right entitlement) receive airdrop the issuer's allocation the scene companies' own native tokens (the "scene tokens") generated their own future token generating events the issuer exercises its discretion make airdrop. please note: (a) cennz token holders will have legal beneficial ownership the intellectual property comprising the centrality platform, nor the shares other assets the issuer. cennz tokens are not designed securities and not constitute, nor are they characterised as, any the singapore regulated products. (b) for the avoidance doubt, this white paper, and the information contained and any information accompanying it, are not, and are under circumstances construed offer sell issue, solicitation offer purchase subscribe for, any scene tokens. cennz tokens are also subject the selling restrictions described more specifically the 'important information' section the beginning this white paper, including: that person who subscribes for cennz tokens the tge will sell, dispose otherwise distribute cennz tokens prior the release date, except the circumstances described the section "wholesale investor warranties and selling restrictions"; and that person who subscribes for cennz tokens the tge will sell, dispose otherwise distribute cennz tokens any person who not wholesale investor within the meaning clause schedule the fmc act. the tge subscription agreement, each applicant for cennz tokens indemnifies the centrality entities for any loss, cost, liability expense sustained incurred the centrality entities result the breach these selling restrictions. overview the tge the issuer will undertake tge sell circa cennz main tokens qualifying wholesale purchasers. this number represents the total supply cennz tokens circa billion. purchase cennz tokens the tge, applicant must enter into subscription agreement and meet the eligibility criteria which includes kyc/aml compliance. the tge will commence january and end february subject any variation extension granted the issuer its sole and absolute discretion. the proceeds the tge will used finance the ongoing development and maintenance the centrality platform and associated services. the timing and volumes cennz tokens sold the tge during the tge period will determined the issuer view prevailing market dynamics. the conclusion the the distributed cennz will constitute the entirety the available liquid supply post lockdown date. the aim the tge raise the equivalent usd million for application accordance with the following forecast schedule: year inflow existing team expansion (,,) (,,) (,,) organic expansion acquisitions total outflow net investment cennz token allocations the tge addition the cennz tokens issued wholesale purchasers, described this section this white paper, further approximately million cennz will issued centrality investments consideration for the arrangement with centrality platform pte. limited respect the intellectual property comprised the centrality platform made arm's length basis. centrality investments will not able sell otherwise deal with its cennz tokens until after the second anniversary date the release date. token all centrality developers centrality platform total tokens ,,, additional circa million cennz has been allocated developers ensure that they have personal incentive grow the platform moving forward. the remaining circa million cennz will retained the issuer (centrality platform pte. limited) and released slowly fund growth the centrality ecosystem strategically supporting the following four broad purposes: operational costs, infrastructure, developers sourcing and funding revolutionary start-ups and participants that will enhance the centrality platform and ecosystem for all participants. (note that holders cennz tokens will not have any ownership stake the businesses acquired.) supporting and growing the blockchain and centrality developer community marketing and for the centrality platform lock-down cennz trading post-issue there will minimum week lockdown where cennz holders cannot trade cennz tokens post issue. centrality investments limited and the platform developers that receive allocations described implementation and erc section will subject month lockdown period. following lockdown period, centrality platform pte. limited will limit its supply cennz the market set rate e.g. cennz the total supply per month. risks summary the key risks summarized this section are not intended exhaustive list the risks that may apply you purchaser holder cennz tokens. you should read these key risks and consider whether you are willing assume such risks before you agree subscribe for cennz tokens. assurance returns benefits: there can assurance that cennz tokens holders will able receive return their capital any returns benefits. any purchase cennz tokens should therefore only considered persons who can afford loss their entire investment holdings the cennz tokens. market risk: the value cryptocurrencies, can down well up. the emergence new business model can create opportunities for users and investors, but any young market carries significant risks for all its participants. past performance not reliable indicator future performance, and investors may not recover the full amount invested. regulatory risk: regulation digital tokens (including the cennz tokens) and token offerings such this, cryptocurrencies (including ether), blockchain technologies, and cryptocurrency exchanges are relatively undeveloped and likely rapidly evolve, and vary significantly among various jurisdictions and are subject significant uncertainty. new changing laws and regulations interpretations existing laws and regulations may adversely impact the liquidity and market price cennz tokens, your ability access marketplaces which trade cennz tokens, the issuer's the centrality entities' ability operate ongoing concern and the structure, rights and transferability cennz tokens. the ability holder access, use, transfer and exchange its (or his her) cennz tokens may affected changes legislation, regulatory guidance actions, and judicial decisions singapore and other countries. therefore, there can assurance that any new continuing regulatory scrutiny initiatives will not have adverse impact the value cennz tokens and otherwise impede the issuer's the centrality entities' activities. regulatory protection: the issuer not licensed approved the monetary authority singapore nor the international enterprise singapore, and currently there intention for the issuer apply for any financial services license regulatory approval under the laws and regulations singapore. addition, the cennz tokens not constitute, and are not characterised as, any the singapore regulated products. therefore, cennz tokens holders will not able invoke avail themselves any regulatory protection remedies applicable respect such singapore regulated products under the laws and regulations singapore, relation their purchase, holding trading cennz tokens. legal risk: there little precedent how existing law might treat the issue, fungibility, settlement finality, transfer, collateralization, sequestration, loan, hypothecation, redemption other disposition cennz tokens. there also little precedent how existing law might treat the rights and obligations between and among the issuer and the cennz token subscribers holders. the occurrence any related issue dispute could have material adverse effect the centrality platform, the centrality entities, the issuer's business and/or the cennz tokens. new developments the law and regulations may also adversely affect the legal regulatory treatment the cennz tokens the centrality platform and/or the issuer's the centrality entities' businesses. tax risk: the tax characterization cennz tokens uncertain and subscriber should consult its own tax advisor regarding the tax consequences their acquisition, holding disposal cennz tokens. investment cennz tokens may result adverse tax consequences subscribers. each potential subscriber should consult with and must rely upon the advice its own tax advisor with respect the tax consequences whether singapore elsewhere investment cennz tokens. issuer risk: the issuer was incorporated january and has not commenced operations. the issuer subject all the business risks and uncertainties associated with any new business. lack voting and liquidation rights: cennz tokens not carry any voting, management control rights other management control rights the issuer. accordingly, the shareholder the issuer will control decisions the issuer, including any significant corporate transactions, the election liquidate dissolve the issuer. addition, upon liquidation, bankruptcy other dissolution the issuer, cennz token holders will highly likely not entitled liquidation rights other claims. key person risk: whilst centrality investments limited and centrality platform pte. limited takes active role managing key man risk through training, systemization, and succession planning there still risk that loss key team member could cause delays cennz platform development and thus having detrimental effect price cennz tokens. technology and coding risk: blockchain and smart contract technology still early development stage and its application experimental nature which carries significant operational and technological risks. possible that the tge smart contract system the early contribution smart contract system, elements the centrality platform, could contain weaknesses, vulnerabilities bugs which could cause, inter alia, the complete loss the holder's utility and/or the value the cennz tokens impacting the operation and functionality the centrality platform. outside actors may exploit such errors vulnerabilities for personal gain the centrality platform may affected any event without such action. platform risk: while the issuer and centrality investments are procuring the development the centrality platform, there assurance that the centrality platform will designed completed the manner described this whitepaper and centrality platform completed, there assurance the continued operation and functioning the centrality platform. the platform subject change and representation given that the any function aspect the centrality platform will continue provided made available any time trading/valuation risk: utility token, the inherent value cennz tokens derived from the successful operation the centrality platform. cennz tokens are not pegged any fiat currency (legal tender backed sovereign government) nor any cryptocurrency, and the exchange value from timeto-time given cennz tokens third-party exchanges may not always reflect your intrinsic valuation the cennz tokens. the risk loss when purchasing disposing cennz tokens could substantial and losses may compound quickly (including total loss). token built top the ethereum network, the value cennz tokens may affected the valuation from time-to-time ether against fiat currencies and other cryptocurrencies. illiquidity risk: cennz tokens will issued after the tge, although the reserves held the issuer and the cennz tokens held centrality investments will released over time the market. should you wish temporarily, permanently partially exit the centrality platform ecosystem, you may unable liquidate your position exchanging cennz tokens for fiat currency cryptocurrency there may not willing buyer for your cennz tokens both terms price and volume. holders have right redeem sell their cennz tokens. although centrality intend list the cennz tokens several cryptocurrency exchanges, there can assurance that such exchanges will accept the listing cennz tokens maintain the listing accepted. there can assurance that secondary market will develop or, secondary market does develop, that will provide the holders with liquidity investment that will continue for the life the cennz tokens. there also guarantee from any central bank centralized authority for cennz tokens that ensures you will able redeem your cennz tokens for fiat currency cryptocurrency. furthermore, the digital token market new and rapidly developing market which may subject substantial and unpredictable disruptions that cause significant volatility the prices digital tokens. there assurance that the market, any, for the cennz tokens will free from such disruptions that any such disruptions may not adversely affect cennz tokenholder's ability sell its cennz tokens. network risk: cennz tokens are erc compliant tokens built top the ethereum network, decentralized network containing, among other things, both cryptocurrency and smart contract protocols. neither centrality investments, the issuer nor any their associated entities have control over the ethereum network, including confirmations transactions and execution smart contracts the network. should the ethereum network experience temporary permanent issues, including network slowdowns transaction confirmation delays, this likely affect the ability cennz holders freely use cennz tokens within the centrality ecosystem and could impair the usability the centrality platform generally. cyber security risk: the nature cennz tokens and the ethereum network may lead increased risk fraud cyber attack and may mean that technological difficulties experienced the developers and users the centrality platform ecosystem could prevent access use your cennz tokens. for example, possible that unauthorised third party could exploit coding vulnerability the centrality platform code and damage, interrupt otherwise attack it. private key risk: extreme caution must taken whenever selecting, storing transmitting private keys for cennz tokens. you are responsible for the storage your cennz tokens. another person obtains access your private keys, they can steal your cennz tokens other cryptocurrency you use purchase cennz tokens. furthermore, you lose access your private keys, neither centrality investments, the issuer, nor any other entity, will able recover your lost cennz tokens cryptocurrency. you hold cennz tokens cryptocurrency exchange, the private keys those cennz tokens held that exchange. should that exchange hacked otherwise compromised, your cennz tokens may stolen otherwise become inaccessible. strongly recommend that you store your cennz tokens privately (and not via exchanges) and use cold storage techniques better secure your cennz tokens. wallet risk: addition the private key risk described above, you should store your cennz tokens erc compliant hardware software wallet. should you attempt send cennz tokens wallet type that does not support cennz tokens, your cennz tokens may lost forever. broker, dealer exchange insolvency risk: there risk that brokers, dealers, exchanges wallets could become insolvent otherwise become insecure. there may practical timing problems associated with enforcing the rights assets the case insolvency security disruption any such party. financial risk: the solvency the issuer and/or any the centrality entities impaired, the ongoing viability the centrality platform and the utility and value the cennz tokens may impaired. general risks: the growth the blockchain industry general, well the blockchain networks which the issuer rely, subject high degree uncertainty. the performance the centrality platform subject the following uncertainties, among others: (i) worldwide growth the adoption and use btc, eth and other blockchain technologies; (ii) government and quasi-government regulation btc, eth and other blockchain assets and their use, restrictions regulation access and operation blockchain networks similar systems; (iii) the maintenance and development the open-source software protocol the btc eth networks; (iv) changes consumer demographics and public tastes and preferences; (v) the availability and popularity other forms methods buying and selling goods and services, trading assets including new means using fiat currencies existing networks; (vi) general economic conditions and the regulatory environment relating cryptocurrencies and digital tokens; (vii) hacking and theft cryptocurrencies and digital tokens; and (viii) popularity acceptance the btc eth networks and the emergence new cryptocurrencies, digital tokens and blockchain networks. the price bitcoin, ether, digital tokens and other blockchain assets are subject dramatic fluctuations. several factors may affect price, including, but not limited to: (i) global blockchain asset supply; (ii) global blockchain asset demand, which can influenced the growth retail merchants' and commercial businesses' acceptance blockchain assets like cryptocurrencies payment for goods and services, the security online blockchain asset exchanges and digital wallets that hold blockchain assets, the perception that the use and holding blockchain assets safe and secure, and the regulatory restrictions prohibitions their use; (iii) investors expectations with respect the rate inflation; (iv) changes the software, software requirements hardware requirements underlying blockchain network; (v) changes the rights, obligations, incentives, rewards for the various participants blockchain network; (vi) currency exchange rates, including the rates which ether and bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies digital tokens may exchanged for fiat currencies; (vii) fiat currency withdrawal and deposit policies blockchain asset exchanges and liquidity such exchanges; (viii) interruptions service from failures major blockchain asset exchanges; (ix) investment and trading activities large investors, including private and registered funds, that may directly indirectly invest blockchain assets; (x) monetary policies governments, trade restrictions, currency devaluations and revaluations; (xi) regulatory measures, any, that affect the use blockchain assets; (xii) the maintenance and development the open-source software protocol the bitcoin ethereum networks; (xiii) global regional political, economic financial events and situations; and (xiv) expectations among blockchain participants that the value blockchain assets will soon change. blockchain networks are based software protocols that govern the peer-to-peer interactions between computers connected these networks. the suitability the networks for the issuer's other centrality entities' business the functionality the cennz token depends upon variety factors, including: (i) the effectiveness the informal groups (often uncompensated) developers contributing the protocols that underlie the networks; (ii) effectiveness the network validators and the network's consensus mechanisms effectively secure the networks against confirmation invalid transactions; (iii) disputes among the developers validators the networks; (iv) changes the consensus validation schemes that underlie the networks, including shifts between so-called "proof work" and "proof stake" schemes; (v) the failure cyber security controls security breaches the networks whether the centrality platform technological assets, your third party network devices, and the associated risks legal action actions regulators relating loss data, damage data devices, threat compromise privacy and data protection, and the occurrence fraud harm; (vi) the existence other competing and operational versions the networks, including without limitation so-called "forked" networks; (vii) the existence undiscovered technical flaws the networks; (viii) the development new existing hardware software tools mechanisms that could negatively impact the functionality the systems; (ix) the price blockchain assets associated with the networks; (x) intellectual property rights-based other claims against the networks' participants and risks associated with such legal claims (including but not limited the risk that the operation the centrality platform disrupted such claims including claims for remedies such injunctions); and (xi) the maturity the computer software programming languages used connection with the networks. unfavorable developments characteristics any the above circumstances could adversely affect the issuer's other centrality entities' business, the centrality platform the proper functioning the cennz tokens. the foregoing risks not purport complete list and explanation all the risks involved acquiring cennz token. potential subscribers are urged consult their advisors before making determination whether invest cennz tokens. business plan centrality already has existing business with strong team and number dapps preparing launch tokens, hence the acceleration this model can occur very quickly. the token raise will used primarily ways improve and develop new platform services for applications consume establish other venture studio locations target markets and build reference applications for developers along with acquiring users for the ecosystem invest technology user acquisition help the platform advance and the user base grow. acquisitions global development expansion cash reserve expansion centrality platform pte. limited overview centrality platform pte. limited private limited company incorporated singapore january wholly-owned subsidiary centrality investments limited. will enter into arrangement respect the intellectual property comprising the centrality platform (copyright the algorithms/software/protocols, trademarks, and domain names) arm's length terms with centrality investments limited, own the digital wallet which contains the sale proceeds the tge ether and the reserved cennz tokens, and procure operational support services from centrality limited arms'-length terms support the centrality ecosystem. not anticipated that centrality platform pte. limited will have any employees nor own any other assets. the directors centrality platform pte. limited have legal duty administer the company strictly accordance with the terms the company's constitution (which can accessed https://www.centrality.ai/wp-content/uploads///centrality-whitepaper-...pdf), which sets out its purpose and permitted activities. please note that cennz token holders will not have any right receive participate any financial benefits other financial distributions. cennz tokens are not designed securities and not constitute, nor are they characterized as, any the singapore regulated products. centrality platform pte. limited will dedicate resources establish fair and transparent governance model that will take into account the multi-stakeholder voices and needs all participants within the ecosystem. this open governance model will oversee decisions related the membership process, participation rules, legal matters, and content and compliance guidelines. key documents addition centrality platform pte. limited constitution, there are number other key documents that centrality platform pte. limited party connection with the tge, including: agreement under this agreement, centrality investments limited will enter into arrangement with centrality platform pte. limited respect all relevant intellectual property the centrality platform either way license outright transfer such intellectual property centrality platform pte. limited. return centrality investments will receive the issued cennz tokens upon the tge. operational services agreement under this agreement, centrality limited will provide operational support centrality platform pte. limited operate the centrality platform exchange for payment cennz tokens, ether, fiat currency. such operational support centrality platform pte. limited includes the provision employees from centrality limited and through the use centrality limited's premises. centrality platform access agreement under this template agreement, consideration for receiving access the centrality platform and associated services, each scene company agrees (a) pay specified monthly access fee cennz tokens centrality platform pte. limited and (b) use all reasonable commercial endeavours have its own token-generating event and allocate agreed percentage tokens issued centrality platform pte. limited. development goals our vision grow open ecosystem digital services that consumers can easily explore and find value while giving developers open and sustainable platform develop, deliver, and enhance those services and attract users. achieve this vision, centrality platform will direct and fund the development tools that give ecosystem partners the ability build, grow, and create value for one another. part this process, centrality platform will make its own codebase available open-source project that can leveraged power new communities and add capabilities existing ones. centrality platform will further this work engaging development teams continue improving the technology suite supporting the centrality cosystem, and will maintain open source codebase for the benefit ecosystem participants. centrality platform will also promote dapp services. such approach demonstrates the power and promise decentralization strategy, which provides path transition from competitive model co-operative one, where all participants benefit from their collective success. conclusion the centrality ecosystem already fully functional and integrated native dapp ecosystem supporting real operating businesses. the tge will allow scale this quickly help the wider blockchain ecosystem reach mainstream users and use cases. centrality platform will help repair the current startup economy and create more equal world for all participants. with centrality platform model, the blockchain development ecosystem can grow quickly support everyday use cases. entrepreneurs can get market quicker, with higher chance success. applications can work together gain scale which will challenge incumbent platforms. users, investors and developers can all share the value the ecosystem creates, defining new kind shared value economy that can overcome the extreme centralization happening the broader technology ecosystem. centrality team centrality has built world class team experienced business entrepreneurs, operations experts, design specialists and world class technology team deliver the outcomes proposed this white paper. important: the team described below has developed the centrality platform. centrality platform pte. limited will enter into arrangement relation the intellectual property comprising the centrality platform arm's-length terms with centrality investments limited. however, centrality platform pte. limited will not itself employ any the people described below. for more information about centrality platform pte. limited, please see the centrality platform pte. limited section above. centrality executive team roger smith, chairman shareholder and the key executive driving the global growth unicorn (independent liquor). global m&a advisory board euronet (nasdaq:eeft). currently ceo epay billion dollar payments technology business. roger successful active angel investor including society one, hr, cin and fingermark. roger has the domain expertise, the business experience and the track record drive centrality become multi-billion dollar company. aaron mcdonald, managing director aaron year tech industry veteran with experience leading teams across all aspects technology company. aaron has broad range skills and experience that help bridge the gap between users, technology and business outcomes. aaron has held leadership positions large technology companies managing portfolios over value across engineering and architecture, product management, product development, marketing and sales. since leaving the corporate world aaron has co-founded successful platform start-ups. aaron has the product delivery leadership track record ensure that the centrality vision realized. jerry yuan, chief operating officer and angel investor. jerry has years' experience across the telco and ict industry. jerry highly experienced providing high end value various ict projects. was previously the account/sales director for huawei technologies. jerry has global connections within the industry, especially the south pacific region. these connections will help centrality achieve global growth and adoption. daniel gillespie, group general manager member the centrality executive team, daniel brings with him over years international banking and private equity experience. his skill set covers strategic value creation, restructuring, fund raising, deal origination, investment and portfolio management and asset realisations. previously has held roles new zealand with asb, london with deutsche bank and fortis bnp paribas and the united arab emirates with limitless and istithmar world. his most recent previous role, was investment manager for portfolio private equity assets throughout the usa, south east asia, africa, and europe. these investments included greenfield investments, growth organisations and turnarounds varying size and industry. daniel has been board member number group companies providing broad knowledge fiduciary and corporate legal responsibilities through various markets. centrality, daniel's role will focused capital raising, m&a, international expansion, and working with centrality's various platform applications. andy higgs, head strategic partnerships andy has year track record delivering growth, new business and performance improvement commercial leadership roles across public and private sector organisations. andy's international experience includes deloitte consulting, mtv networks europe and co-founding accelerate sport (now csm) developing global sport and entertainment rights based london. held director and executive leadership roles with auckland tourism, events and economic development and strategic adviser for akarana marine sports and board director destination rotorua and surfing new zealand. andy will ensure centrality partners with world leading brands achieve widespread consumer exposure and mainstream adoption for the platform jerome faury, group general manager jerome has years senior p&l and business management/leadership experience. from regional and functional head roles including board and nonexecutive advisory positions. significant hyper-growth exec leadership experience across digital payments, healthcare and enterprise software. forged across industry leading companies like oracle, orion health payment express. the tech team centrality has team software engineers, testers, dev-ops specialists and designers working the development the centrality platform modules and use cases. this world class team provides the horsepower realise the vision this whitepaper. nathan smith, development manager nathan has years' experience technology solutions with his most previous role the head digital large technology consulting firm (theta consulting). nathan highly experienced multi domain architect with considerable experience delivering large complex projects. nathan leads the overall delivery approach centrality, ensuring quality product with scalable architecture delivered. mark povey, australia mark's role with centrality the development beach head into the australian market and development centrality technology new business focus developing hardware solutions the centrality ecosystem. with over years experience start-up businesses the technology sector, with eyede.com software identification, card issuer and payments business grew the business from million over million turnover including delivering nz's biggest card issuance million cards "supergold cards. more recently mark established mobile software development business solta solta labs that developed products and solutions mobile payments, live streaming events, distributed digital media networks, iot solutions and transport solutions. ruitao su, head mobile ruitao has more than years' experience the development mobile applications with local and global companies. ruitao the co-founder several successful start-ups the u.s and his last applications were featured apple the u.s. ruitao provides unparalleled domain leadership building world first experiences our native applications. making this capability easy consume for developers robust well written sdks his true strength. bartosz holowko, head cognitive computing years' experience senior roles large software and consulting companies europe such ernst and young, including leading teams and projects focused data science and machine learning software the fintech space. bart has graduated with both economics and computer science degrees and brings substantial expertise linking these creating real world value. bart sets the scene for our big data architecture ensuring developers have first class services available enhance their customer experiences. sam zou, head infrastructure and cloud services sam has more than years experience with various roles the technology space, specialising infrastructure and clouding services design and implementation. his earlier career, sam developed world-leading application the accumulated multi-million dollars annual revenue. before joining centrality, sam led full-stack development team and successfully built the strategic cloud based mobile application for reckon, one the leading accounting software firms. jordan maddison, head experience design practiced the art how design and technology collide, jordan maddison embraces her eye for detail create epic user interfaces and experiences. jordan has honors degree visual communications design and has been the lead designer for branding, and across successful start-ups date. jordan leads the centrality design team and shapes the visual language used across the platform modules, create unified customer experience across blockchain businesses. jordan's unique flair for bringing design and new technology together ensures users get the most out the experience that will lead into the future. abby potich, head customer success beginning her experience the world tech with bachelor's degree design innovation, abby potich has since spent over years the world fast growing cloud software companies. with foot the door point sale software company vend pioneering customer success manager, she climbed the ladder lead team professionals onboarding and managing customer life- cycles for all high priority accounts asia and the pacific. she then went this two more saas companies and now uses this experience enable product design and development align with customer success and experience strategies. sources capitalism, socialism and democracy, joseph schumpeter the wealth nations, adam smith how venture capital works, bob zider, hbr nov-dec issue the politically incorrect guide western civilization, anthony esolen, identification influencers measuring influence customer networks, c.kiss