white paper tokenize individual creativity contents background introduction cfun project what cfun problems solved cfun cfun eco-system technology solution business model experiences and vision cfun flying start ---- successful experience the chinese market vertical extension ---- entering overseas markets horizontal expansion ---- broadening the fields creation vip membership fees for reading invitation for co-creation bounty tasks interactive notifications issuance distribution cfun token application scenarios cfun tokens intellectual property transactions issuance distribution ico details use cases fund raised successful cogc cases cfun cfun social content community business corporation crowd creation roadmap development conclusion disclaimer background the vision cfun, the months come, subvert all existing ways creation, till that socializing! everyone may build their own community via cfun, which content body and token blood. each individual, company and product would build homeland exclusive themselves. cfun reshape tokenized online community, redefine content-oriented social intercourse through blockchain; redefine the value members community means token, i.e. tokenize individual creativity. many brands, entertainment companies, gaming companies have strong demands for ips that meet their needs. marketers want their customers remember their brands vividly they for "three squirrels" popular chinese snack brand that promotes its brand with three cute cartoon squirrels) and are willing pay for suitable ips. the same time, creators are actively digging for gold creating new ips, for instance, internet video producers eagerly working create the next "princess promotion" (an internet drama series china with great popularity and financial returns). suitable ips can attract users, help personalize the brand and bring customers closer, especially the younger generations. currently, the so-called top ips, which only accounts for less than the total ips, hog the spotlight and trade sky-high prices; however, the remaining non-top ips (many are high quality) are significantly undervalued and difficult monetized. the other hand, vast number small and medium enterprises (smes, numbered about million china now) cannot afford and sonetimes not need the top ips; but difficult for them find suitable ips that fit their specific needs. the concept intellectual property (ip) has been distorted the traditional market fact, any created content with fans can called ips, not just the top only. why the market distorted and bad shape? there are two reasons: first, mismatch exists between the massive demands and numerous undervalued ips. there general measurement value ip. same may have different values for different users (just imagine barbie dolls for men sportswear!). for the demand side, hard for potential buyers judge whether new early creation can actually meet their their customers' demands. smes typically set licensing/purchasing budget around usd, thus cannot afford work with large number creators. meanwhile, creators often lack self-promotion and sales negotiation skills, thus business negotiation becomes waste their time, both result and opportunity cost. the traditional solution resorts intermediaries (such design companies and advertising agencies) bridge creators and buyers, but this incurs high costs that effectively shut out the smes and non-top ips. the result what see today most potential buyers fail obtain suitable ips and most creators are hardly rewarded. solve this mismatch, cfun project will use its patented algorithm (method and system for evaluation based audience behavior statistics) record the behaviors contributors and readers blockchain and evaluate the market value the creative works. second, the cost pgc (professionally generated content) too high. order improve the roi, companies (e.g. gaming, entertainment, design and comics) often have other options but adopt pgc (professional generated content), concentrating significant resources the hope producing small number top ips. successful, producers and creators may obtain huge amount instant wealth. however, for those who fail strike top (the remaining %), the creators struggle make living and many will soon give their creating activities. today's world, creativity work more like gamble not all good work pays off. lower the production cost pgc, companies sometimes resort ugc (user generated content), which companies source crowd source ideas and creativity works from individual users who may not professional creators. the cost indeed lower, but difficult create long, large and complex works due limitations skills and abilities any individual. our solution cogc platform solve this problem, cfun proposes the concept cogc collaboratively generated content. cogc decentralized self-organized crowd creation, which allows creators different skills from different fields collaborate together the same group order produce complex works high-quality. essentially, cfun cogc platform that supports decentralized autonomous creation groups providing series core functions (authorship verification, contribution calculation, rewards for audience/patrons, evaluation works, popularity data verification, matching buyers, etc. more details are below the white paper). cfun has already established initial success chinese market, and will extend existing operation overseas first and then expand into other cogc fields the future. cfun first established its cogc platform china niche domain acg (anime, comic and games) language cosplay. after numerous tests and operations, the procedures, methods, models and transaction requirements cogc have been well tested, verified and proven. cfun's operation china successful and achieved major milestones success now, cfun already the largest platform for crowd creation creative writing china. cfun's next step integrate its cogc platform with blockchain technologies and expand into overseas markets, including japan, korea, united states, united kingdom, france. the major focus still cogc creative writing. eventually, cfun will include all areas cogc, including comics, music and movies. the mission cfun link creators globally, provide them with blockchain-based cogc tools, help individual creators tokenize their creativity and enjoy individual value transactions. cfun project introduction introduction cfun project cfun dapp (decentralized application) built qtum blockchain and serves the support platform that links global creators together. facilitate self-organized collaborative creation, cfun records authorships onto blockchains, predicts the market value creative works and matches buyers with patented algorithms, calculates contribution among co-creators and completes transactions through smart contracts, etc. the mission cfun tokenize individual creativity and realize socialized content creation well facilitate value transactions these personal digital assets. core mechanisms cfun problems solved cfun record authorships for huge quantity works cfun has already become platform holding tens thousands stories. however, these digital assets can easily replicated, thus creators find hard protect their rights and trade their works. cfun will solve this problem recording every stage the creation (from initial inspiration the final work) onto blockchains thus rendering creation logs undeniable and unmodifiable. tracing and assertion rights can executed and regulated via smart contracts. quantify the value new ips under creation and how well they match buyers' requirement for idea under development that just few hundred words length, how evaluate and predict its value that can become tradable? utilizing the unmodifiable and traceable features blockchain, cfun records creators' creation process and readers' behavioral data, including reading, commenting and sharing. after data collection and analysis, cfun uses its patented algorithm method and system for evaluation based audience behavior statistics assess the market potential and appeal early-stage specific targeted consumers. addition, the buyer can easily select the most suitable early-stage thanks the patented algorithm. this method also facilitates transactions with smart contracts. credibility popularity data popularity data (such the number reads likes) ips can easily faked and fabricated current copyright market. therefore, the buyers cannot tell whether the data their interested ips are authentic not. order reduce the cost trust and improve transparency the system, cfun brings blockchain technologies rebuild the trust system. all metrics and statistics that may impact the value the ips will recorded regularly onto the blockchains. the traceable, unmodifiable and up-to-date data significantly boosts buyer's confidence transactions. unstable income grassroot creators for most (%) grassroot creators, their incomes are mainly from the subscription tips readers, meaning that many them may have income the beginning stage their creations. cfun will solve the problem using its patented algorithm provide trustworthy prediction value and target audience potential buyers, they can get involved and make investments the earlier stage these ips. this way, creators may receive income earlier and also incentivized further develop their work due quantifiable expectation their future work. motivate and reward readers/patrons participation readers (or audience, viewers, fans, supporters, patrons, etc.), such reading, voting, sharing and commenting, has critical valueadding effects values. however, there are few incentives and systematic reward distribution mechanism offered readers the current system. thanks blockchain and cryptocurrency technologies, cfun will now record readers' active participation and reward them the form cfun tokens. based the qtum blockchain, cfun aims build large cogc ecosystem with big data that can evaluate real-time popularity ip, match requirements through smart contracts, audit and settle transactions, and reward creators and readers. readers and creators are rewarded the form cfun tokens through reading and creating respectively. readers and creators who complete special high value-adding tasks can get extra cfun tokens bonus. when from cfun platform sold, its creators and co-creators will receive the sales proceeds according cfun's contribution algorithms. the same time, specific token feedback mechanism will triggered reward cfuntokens' holders including all creators, readers and other token holders. cfun eco-system starting from the niche sector acg (anime, comic and games) language cosplay china, cfun has already established network self-organized crowd creation groups creative writing. cfun now further expanding its eco-system decentralized autonomous crowd creation japan and korea, with incubation its core. different participants the cfun eco-system are interrelated and connected demands, content and values, and shall collaboratively create, develop, communicate, and gain. then, collaborative relationship built based demand members, content and values. cfun ecosystem collaborative creation and mutual benefits creators refers creators and copyright owners. creation new new story, project, etc.) usually initiated creator buyer with specific needs, and then more creators can opt for subsequent cogc. every stage the creation process will recorded real-tine onto the blockchains, providing proof authorship and serving evidence for potential earning distributions the future. reader participation the fans economy readers' participation, like reading, voting, sharing, commenting, has value-adding effect values. these value-adding actions are rewarded with cfun tokens smart contracts. centering community-based cogc, cfun closes the loop creation, distribution and consumption, thus motivating creators for their works, encouraging readers for their participation, and providing more opportunities for the entire cogc ecosystem. method and system for evaluation based audience behavior statistics the patented algorithm calculates the value creative work (a) combining the popularity index (b) and the weighted average series parameters including theme, word count, page views (th) together. (the application new patent for this method evaluation has been submitted) value value popularity index weighted average the popularity index collecting and analyzing data users' digital content consumption behaviors, cfun has invented the popularity index one key indicator value and the critical performance metric compare different works. popularity index the further down line the story, the fewer readers remain and the more cfun token offered readers rewards. the popularity index derived from the churn rate curve invented cfun based the analysis reader behaviors. the shape the churn rate (the rate which readers drop out line line) influences and determines the value the creative work. based empirical user data from cfun's database, the churn rate curve can summarized and described single numerical metric, the popularity index. the simplified formula showing the concept the popularity index follows: among the variables, ()r the number words read and function the number readers who have read the rth word. the larger the the smaller the idealized model, relationship and are such that the above formula yields fixed regardless the values ()r the total number words the created digital work and fixed the time computation. should always larger than ()p the number readers who have read the rth word. ()p also fixed term, which accounts for the maximum value when relatively small (i.e. the number people who read the first few lines). should always larger than and should always larger than the popularity index crucial component the evaluation tool assess the prospects given creative work. has three functions: ()for given ip, higher popularity index means lower reader churn rate. demonstrates the ip's attractiveness retain existing readers and win new readers, facilitating the discovery potentially popular ips. ()for creators, the popularity index can help them better understand the preferences their readers and avoid unattractive contents. this way, reading activities from readers become assistant for future creating activities from the creators. ()for buyers, combining metrics like theme, popularity index and number fans together helps them identify the best ips purchase and also show the good purchase timing. .value determination given work content: content tags: fantasy, empowered protagonist, ideal appearance ...ip selection and pricing ()ip selection people can divided into different categories. members within one category tend share common values, community awareness, brand loyalty, and other behavior tendency related brands with other members, thus may exhibit common reading preferences and evaluation standards. setting reader tags helps quantify the value particular and assess whether matches specific demand. even before grows popular enough establish its fan base, the selection algorithms cfun can predict the ip's future prospects and its "category tags" based the behavioral patterns and tags its existing few readers. this helps buyers purchasing decision-making ()ip pricing collecting and analyzing data reader behaviors, cfun's patented algorithm method and system for evaluation based audience behavior statistics calculates the value specific real-time, thus presenting the worth the buyers obvious manner. transaction buyers select the creative works that matches their demands through smart screening, and proceed negotiate licensing purchasing prices with the creators (cfun may also serve the broker). buyers can also customize their own requirements and tags, and solicit creators collaborate all through cfun's smart contracts with objectives and reward schemes formulated buyers. copyright rules creators collectively own the copyrights their works default. however, the initiating creator project can set the rules his/her work and implement the rules with smart contracts. content tags analyzing data readers, creators and buyers, cfun creates tags for every work and entity the cfun eco-system, making their avatars fuller and richer. technology solution cfun mobile decentralized application the field collaborative creation built qtum, with the features large data volume and high concurrency. order adapt the features blockchain e.g. data cannot recorded and confirmed real time and has charged, behavioral chain algorithm has been specifically designed. efficiently utilizing blockchain, the data recorded chain accordance with time, identity and information related will correlatively stored and compressed. based the content classification rules cfun, the behavioral chain algorithm divides the data storage unit from high low according content category, subject, title, chapter etc. the user's creation and other behaviors will uploaded the server and cached the respective classified nodes, which will searched for the data nodes reaching the upper limit from low level high level and will compressed and recorded chain, afterwards triggering the corresponding functions qtum smart contract. all the information user behaviors stored the cfun server. the server will generate behavioral tags the light behavioral content, time, and user information with the addition behavior related factors. afterwards, the data will recorded chain using the behavioral chain algorithm. cfun users' creation and other meaningful behaviors are regarded part the content creation value. the basis the content classification rules, the server will implement the data query service and collect the behavioral data sorted out. user contributions and benefits will shown the interface cfun light wallet. business model participants cfun eco-system centered its community. with the goal generating original creative works, cfun aims incubate creative writings high quality with respect work styles, number fans, profile fans, market conditions, etc the first stage. the next stage expand into other categories creative works such comics, radio plays, movies tv, games, acg periphery products, etc. participants the cfun eco-system can simultaneously assume different status and exercise different rights obtain benefits corresponding their assumed status. ()creators creators earn cfun tokens continuously updating their creative works. they can also benefit from value appreciation and sales their ips. ()readers readers earn cfun tokens for their active participation such reading, voting, commenting and sharing. the more they participate, the more values they add the ip, and the more rewards they receive. ()ip buyers buyers publish their request for via smart contracts and identify valuable ips through the popularity index and other evaluation mechanisms. circulation model cfun tokens cfun token circulation model cfun platform facilitates transactions two types: request for customized and purchase original creation. .request for customized through smart contracts cfun dapp, buyers deposit rewards (e.g. cfun tokens) into the contract and set series requirement metrics including themes, word counts, page views, targeted readers for the final work. these metrics can either publicly visible invisible (invisible metrics are set prevent users from cheating the system). when created works and reader behaviors match the requirement metrics, smart contracts will automatically trigger and complete the transaction paying the deposited rewards the creators and readers proportions their respective contributions calculated cfun's patented algorithms. .purchase original creation creators spontaneously create their original works cfun based their personal ambitions and interests, and readers read the works cfun. when work attracts enough reads and accumulates enough fans, becomes so-called ip. the copyrights this are automatically transferred cfun default agreement with the creators facilitate potential transactions (in the event that the not traded two years after its creation, its copyrights will returned the creators). the later licensed purchased, cfun will distribute revenues from the transaction the creators based their respective contributions via smart contracts. .cfun token reward mechanism cfun foundation plans reserve million cfun tokens total) award reserve pool and distribute them creators and readers contributionbased rewards over four years. the works original creation are licensed/purchased, the proceeds will given the creators. the remaining will used purchase cfun tokens from secondary markets order replenish the award reserve pool. when cfun tokens are distributed from the award reserve pool, the distribution amount will adjusted dynamically accordance with key factors including the total number creators, total number readers, total daily reads, and total daily words created cfun, cfun token prices, remaining cfun tokens the award reserve pool, and transaction volume. the ultimate goal strike dynamic equilibrium between the input into and the output from the award reserve pool. other words, the number cfun tokens deposited into the pool any given time interval should equal the cfun tokens distributed out. experiences and vision cfun flying start successful experience the chinese market the moment, chinese internet companies have leading experiences compared japan, south korea and southeast asia with respect internet venture operations. despite the ultra-competitive internet landscape china, cfun has proven its market leadership demonstrating superb strength product design, user experience design, market development, business-demand analysis, user activity improvement, incentive schemes design, etc. cfun project first started and has achieved major milestones over the past two years: cfun has successfully enlisted creative writers its cogc platform. with overall marketing cost below usd, the average acquisition cost per user less than cents. this achieved mainly via community management and social campaigns. this method effective building and maintaining stable user base and can applied other countries like japan and korea. cfun's unique multi-person collaborative creation mode, with strong social attributes. social interaction brings fun and inspiration creation; meanwhile, social relations among creators increase intrinsic motivation creation making each role the work more vivid and solid. social relations between readers and creators not only shorten the distance between readers and works, but also allowed the works swiftly attract large number fans. the joining key opinion leaders (kols) boosts the continuous increase user number cfun. not only can these kols promote their works, their needs interact with their fans can also fulfilled cfun. content serves topic, classification, mapping clue categorize different people. using big data and content screening, cfun attracts targeted people with quality content and retains them loyal users. sense achievement important financial payment. though cfun chose not pay the creators for their works, still emerges the top platform for collaborative creative writing china. the main reason behind that cfun's deep understanding user psychology. certainly, cfun chooses reward quality ips with financial incentives, will attract more talents create great works. cfun's successful operation the chinese market has earned enormous resources and for advantages expand into overseas markets, especially japan and korea. vertical extension entering overseas markets the "nijigen" culture (or acg: anime, comic and games) originated from japan, and has gained significant market shares south korea, southeast asia and the united states. the recent surge nijigen popularity largely due the development mobile internet. more people can read anime, comics and novels short intervals their spare time, thus many works and characters become popular. many anime characters and fictional heroes have become idols teenagers. addition, smart phones become ubiquitous, applications that focuses social interactions become the mainstream. nijigen culture spreads virally and reinforces itself quickly via social networks, driving more original creative works into popularity. the first phase its global expansion, cfun plans focus the asian market, especially japan and korea. addition leveraging its experiences the chinese market, cfun will also take the following steps: redesign and adjust cfun's product according japanese and korean users' preferences, including interface style and interactive modes. the current user interface cfun was designed our japanese art consultant kuroda hirohito. from his design can tell that user preferences are quite similar across japan and china. establish partnership with kols the nijigen communities japan and korea. this will attract local seed users join cfun platform. cfun plans focus its resources marketing and promotion during the hundreds various acg/nijigen conference events japan and korea. demands china have been huge recent years. the culture and entertainment industry reached rmb. billion billion usd), increase compared with the surge demand, increasing number chinese buyers are shifting their attention japan and south korea. according current market statistics, japanese and korean ips have strong potential and advantages the chinese market terms price, content, quality, viral capacity and scalability. huge demands china will also attract overseas readers and creators join cfun. cogc knows borders. ips created young chinese writers can also impress buyers overseas. taking advantages its experience chinese market, blockchain technologies and cfun token system, cfun platform aims generate over new ips through cogc every month japan and korea within the next months. meanwhile, cfun will start exploring the markets taiwan, hong kong and singapore with the goal becoming the biggest cogc platform asia pacific the near future. horizontal expansion broadening the fields creation cfun will also horizontally expand its cogc platform cover other fields collaborative creation, such comics, music and movies. the concept collaborative content creation applies not only creative writing. cogc also applies comics (e.g. storyboarding, line drafting, coloring, etc.), music (e.g. lyrics, music composition, vocal, accompaniment, etc.) where multiple creators with skills different areas collaborate create the final work. initiator can set project group and other creators may then join. every creator this collaborative community utilizes individual expertise, contributes the progress the work, grows his/her fan base, and shares the benefits together. application scenarios cfun tokens intellectual property transactions buyers publish their requests for customized and associated cfun token reward plans through smart contracts cfun, and evaluate the submitted works according the popularity index. interested creators then participate the collaborative creation according the rules set smart contracts. when buyers acquire the content they need, they have also obtained the fans the same time. vip membership readers and creators can pay cfun tokens for vip membership, which entitles them obtain exclusive services and rights. for example, vip creators are entitled have priority display for their works and vip readers can get more rewards than non-vip users when reading the same content. fees for reading creators can choose among four payment methods for reading their works free reading: this default mode, readers read creators' works for free and are rewarded with cfun tokens the cfun platform for their reading activities. paid content: readers pay cfun tokens unlock more contents limited-time free reading: order attract more readers, creators allow readers read some contents for free within certain time limit paid read: creators pay readers extra cfun tokens attract them for reading their works invitation for co-creation offering cfun tokens rewards, creators invite other creators further develop their works. for example, transform writing into comics, voice recordings, videos, games, etc. bounty tasks cfun platform enables direct interaction between buyers and creators. buyers can set special-purpose topic groups, where users complete tasks earn cfun tokens from the buyers. the tasks can questionnaires, content schemes, innovative ideas, etc. interactive notification users can send notifications others paying cfun tokens. they can also decide whether receive paid notification from other users and the amount paid. issuance distribution cfun token issuance cfun project plans issue digital token called cfun for the purposes activating and facilitating the operation reward system and the profit distribution within cfun platform. with the issuance and circulation cfun token, transactions can concluded more convenient and transparent manner the platform. addition, transactions will executed and regulated automatically through smart contract, which further guarantees the fairness transaction without the warranty third party. distribution the initial issuance volume cfun one billion, among which million (%) set distributed through ico. btc, eth and qtum are acceptable for exchange per certain rates. the raise target set million usd cryptocurrency equivalent, and the specific conversion rates different cryptocurrencies will confirmed before the official ico. the ico does not hit the target, namely selling cfun, will deemed unsuccessful offering. such case, the offering will terminated immediately and amount raised refunded the investors. however, when the amount cfun sold through ico reaches ,,, the ico will closed immediately. detailed distribution scheme cfun followings: million (%) cfun will distributed the private placement investors and ico participants; million (%) cfun will locked development reserve and will only issued when necessary. such case, the price and amount shall determined through community poll. million (%) cfun will distributed the team long-term incentive. make sure the continuous execution development roadmap after crowd-funding, this part cfun will gradually unlocked years. cfun will released after finishing the ico; will released year later, and the next two years will release annually. million (%) cfun will awarded authors and readers users incentive about years. million (%) cfun will used for commercial promotion cfun project. development reserve team distribution private placement ico award pool commercial promotion distribution scheme cfun token ico details the ico will offier total amount million cfun. cfun equal usd. the soft cap the ico set million usd, and hard cap set million usd. once the hard cap reached, the ico will ended immediately. per time order, discount will given pre-distribution participants, discount will given the early-bird distribution. cfun tokens will distributed the participants within days after the completion ico. use cases fund raised the fund raised through ico will allocated follows: operation management project development marketing legal advice allocation fund raised project development dapp requires adequate development costs for technology r&d, recruitment and team building guarantee the smooth execution project. marketing for the purposes obtaining the acceptance and recognition from the market soon possible,a plenty marketing and promotion targeting businesses and customers need done. operation and management order support and achieve the overall strategic goal the project, investments manpower and materials need made plan, organize, implement and control the operation process. legal advice our dapp the creation field which involves large number laws and regulations, therefore, sufficient funds needed ensure the conduct relevant legal works. successful cogc cases cfun cfun social content community cfun started with focus nijigen cogc creative writing china. cfun apps can downloaded from app store for ios version and android market for android version. cfun app now the largest platform for cogc creative writing china. creators mainly consist young people who love nijigen culture (or acg: anime, comic and games). driven interest, they collaborate via cfun platform co-create stories and establish, manage and operate various topic-based communities decentralized and autonomous style. theme-based communities cfun brief introduction and main plot cogc story cfun cfun focuses cogc and already hosts more than creators. active users average spend minutes creating words per day. there are more than autonomous theme-based communities that co-created more than stories. for example, under the theme king glory highly popular mobile game china developed tencent), there are creators participating the fan-created stories and have cocreated more than million words and generated comments. under the original theme lucky coffee cat, there are creators participating the original story-writing and have co-created more than million words and generated million comments. lucky coffee cat has been turned into comic and published kuaikan comic major mobile comic app developed kuaikan world china), generating about million views. sucessful cogc cases specialized original content creation, cfun has accumulated rich cogc content and experience over years. with the goal helping individual creator and realizing values his/her work, cfun embarked exploring demands buyers and connecting with them diverse fields examples products developed from ips cfun marv the first collection nijigen language cosplay stories china. was co-created cfun creators and was published the writers' publishing house china. novels collection published and printed cfun creators. comics works proprietary ips from cfun platform include> and has received about million views and comments. business corporation crowd creation cfun has signed the agreements with many chinese renowned companies regarding usage crowd creation content such elong (major online travel service provider china), xtep (famous sportswear brand china) and haobashi (large snack brand china) design customized interactive live shows and short videos, providing new forms content display for the companies. content supplier for xtep its nijigen online viral marketing: cfun creators created nijigen stories behind pair sneakers and co-named the sneakers after xtep and jiro wang chinese singer and star). the sneakers serve the medium deliver the promise from guardian wings, connecting fans and jiro wang together. online viral marketing xtep corporate content designs with papa recipe masks, elong, septwolves, finance, baitiao, etc. ()sales boost for e-commerce cfun the exclusive supplier interactive content for books (the books division jd.com, one the largest e-commerce platform china). books has launched special webpages for merchandize descriptions and details based ideas from creators cfun. after two months a/b testing, ideas from cfun achieved stellar sales results: increase average time users spent the page, increase order numbers, and increase order conversion rate. nijigen zone books has signed strategic partnership with cfun platform, and creators cfun will provide ideas and creative works for the e-commerce giant's merchandises, which exceeds million sku (stock keeping units) every year. thousands suppliers and publishers books will publish requests for customized ips cfun platform and creators can earn financial returns submitting works and winning the bounties. this typical example where massive amounts requests for ips with low budgets are matched with thousands autonomous creators the cfun platform. roadmap development september cfun (beijing higgs technology inc.) was founded november cfun received angel investment from xue manzi and preangel, and started developing social platform centered hobbies february the first project was discontinued march the team conducted deep investigation nijigen language cosplay and decided launch the cfun app see today may cfun received pre-a round investment from xue manzi and entertainment works fund july alpha version cfun app was released and received over feedbacks five days september version cfun app was released and downloaded over times within hours may cfun conducted extensive research content demands and carried out multiple interdisciplinary projects video live shows, corporate incubation, and content support for small and medium enterprises november cfun creators exceeded and created works with over million words april cfun and jd.com agreed using interactive merchandize descriptions for e-commerce and signed partnership agreement customized creation for sku may cfun received additional investment from xue manzi and cross-straits youth capital june cfun creator exceeded and created works with over million words october cfun redesigned business structure integrate with blockchain technologies november cfun whitepaper will published december international pre-sale cfun tokens will launched july demo cfun dapp will completed august cfun dapp will completed and operated online the future... conclusion cfun aims build support platform that links global creators together. order assist collaborative creation within decentralized autonomous groups, cfun application records authorships the creative works via blockchains, predicts the market value the created intellectual properties (ips) and matches buyers with patented algorithms, calculates contribution among co-creators and complete transactions through smart contracts, etc. utilizing cfun eco-system and cfun tokens, cfun platform helps small-and-medium sized buyers acquire suitable ips affordable prices and also helps creators monetize their works quickly. the mission cfun tokenize individual creativity and realize socialized content creation well facilitate value transactions these personal digital assets. disclaimer this document for the purpose the introduction the project only, and does not constitute any investment advice suggestions. neither does this document constitute any form contractual agreement promise. participants the project must clearly understand the risks the project. purchasing any digital assets the project means participants are aware and accept the risks the project and are willing bear all subsequent consequences. the project team expressly disclaims that they shall not bear any direct indirect losses result participating the project. disclaimer terms this project include and are not limited prices the cfun tokens are not guaranteed increase value and may decline some circumstances. cfun tokens serve utility tokens used solely the cfun platform and not represent any form ownership control right cfun, cfun app, cfun foundation any other associated entities. cfun tokens could lost stolen. blockchain-based digital assets have been subjected increasing regulatory actions many countries. any pressures adverse regulatory actions from governments regulatory bodies may impact the cfun project and cfun tokens. technologies behind the cfun project and qtum blockchain are still early stage and may not developed successfully deployed. cfun project and cfun tokens may not receive sufficient interests from individuals organizations. cfun project and cfun tokens may not meet the expectations the cfun team the participants the project. cfun platform and qtum blockchain may come under internet hacking attacks software the cfun project may have loopholes and may cracked. cfun tokens may traded specific exchanges. the cfun team may undergo significant adverse changes including possible dissolution the official website and the wallets the cfun project may fail. other unforeseen risks. unless participants understand the plan the project and the risks associated with blockchain-based digital assets, participants are not recommended participate the presale the cfun tokens. blockchain-based digital assets are early stage development and thus are inherently risky, and caution must taken for any participation. once participants have participated the presale the cfun tokens, the participation irreversible and cannot refunded except the event that the presale fails meet its soft ceiling. thanks!