chronobank revolutionary platform for crypto assets management the chronobank team chronobank.io info@chronobank.io abstract. this whitepaper abstractly describes system designed tokenise labour-hours using blockchain technology. chronobank proposed implementation the described system that can deployed several economic localities. the proposed system leverages smart contract techniques automate process whereby country-specific 'labour-hour' token may redeemed for real labour-hours via legally binding (traditional) contracts with labour-offering companies. chronobank also the platform with the wide functionality that may become available for time token holders. introduction centralises the entire wealth the system. typical stablecoins are also subject fluctuations the value their underlying asset. while these fluctuations are usually very small when compared with fluctuations traditional cryptocurrencies, they are still significant. for example, usdt subject the devaluation usd due inflation. this paper, propose stable cryptocurrency system which addresses the aforementioned drawbacks existing stable currency solutions. specifically, propose new type token which not backed any existing fiat currency physical store wealth, but instead backed legally binding contractual obligations provide real-world labour-hours. such, the system and its controlling entity are not responsible for the centralised storage and management wealth. further, the value unskilled labour-hour particular geographic region naturally adjusts according economic conditions such inflation, thereby maintaining the long-term intrinsic value the cryptocurrency. this paper organised follows: section provide overview the system whole before discussing the technical details the necessary system components and processes. section provides economic considerations brief, regarding the real-world deployment this system and its feasibility. finally, section discusses future directions and applications the system and chronobank. the appendix this document provides supporting reference several concepts introduced throughout the paper. with the advent cryptocurrencies, relatively instant low-cost transfers value have become reality. blockchain technology, which defining feature most cryptocurrencies, has recently been applied solve great variety problems. currently the most widespread implementation blockchain technology bitcoin [], which simple asset transfer system. the asset bitcoin's case bitcoin (btc). the value this token has seen rapid variation since its inception which has hindered its feasibility global currency. there have been variety attempts realise the advantages blockchain technology while simultaneously mitigating issues regarding the stability value for cryptocurrency applications. achieve this, many attempts employ the notion stable-coin, whereby each token value the system has counterpart equal worth stored non-digital and tangible form the 'real world'. two example implementations the aforementioned stable-coin paradigm are listed below: usdt tether[]: each usdt token backed equivalent amount united states dollars (usd) held reserve account the private company tether limited. digix[]: each token backed equivalent amount gold, which stored reserves dedicated precious metal storage custodian. the chronobank system both examples, always possible for token holder redeem that token for its counterpart, thus ensuring its fundamental 'stable' value. another notable example stable-coin bitshares [], which attempts decentralise the entire system through the use digital contract for differences (cfd) interactions. the system presented this whitepaper does not attempt achieve decentralisation, but instead attempts address some the drawbacks surrounding existing centralised stable-coins. these drawbacks include difficulties regarding the storage physical economic wealth, and the increasing likelihood attacks, single entity similar existing stable-coins (such usdt tether and digix), propose centralised entity that coordinates the creation, redemption, and destruction labour-hour tokens (lht). refer this entity the chronobank entity (cbe). responsible for the acquisition and coordination legally binding contracts for labour, addition the creation and dissemination lht. ultimately the role the cbe ensure the stability the lht system through careful management the system's underlying processes. this section will provide details describing the chronobank revolutionary platform for crypto assets management proposed processes, practices, and operations undertaken the cbe and its associates. the system whole designed with the intent single deployment per economic region. for instance, the system could deployed once australia using the value one labour-hour the australian economy, measured australian dollars. this document abstract description the system, does not refer any region-specific implementation but instead refers generalised system parameters that must tailored for each region. with few exceptions, all processes and structures described this document may have slight variations implementation between regions which chronobank operates. the initial implementation the cbe utilised the ethereum[] blockchain; however, future implementations may tokenise assets alternative blockchain systems (e.g. waves [], bitcoin []) when deemed appropriate. time tokens order fund the development and operation the chronobank system, there was fundraising phase known the crowdsale. during the crowdsale, individuals could purchase time tokens fixed rate. time token provides the token holder admittance the chronobank system operations, which means that the holders time tokens will extend their possibilities unlocking the unique functionality available the system: create new brand platforms, create assets and crowdsale campaigns, buyback erc tokens, create and remove wallets, and vote important decisions regarding the chronobank system. time tokens are developed utilising the ethereum ecosystem, specifically leveraging the erc token standard[]. the erc specification extended provide the functionality mentioned above; this discussed further section below. ... crowdsale during the crowdsale, time tokens were created necessary and sold the fixed price time tokens for bitcoin (btc). there was limit the number time tokens generated during the crowdsale; however, further time tokens were generated after this phase the project. all time tokens purchased during the crowdsale constituted the total time tokens generated during the initialisation the chronobank system. the remaining tokens were split with given the chronobank.io team (for ongoing research and development) and advisors and early adopters the system. ... time token use chronobank provides extensive possibilities its users. allows manage your own platforms and assets that are based ethereum ecosystem. platforms act base for all token operations issuing, balance storage, transfer; assets define some custom internal logic allow implementing different behavior, for example, adding fee token transactions. chronobank system doesnt require technical knowledge deep dive into start use the system. all the features that are based chronobank can easily applied the user wants to. provides the unique functionality manage the assets: easy asset creation, manage the owners the asset, create asset buyback start crowdsale campaign for their asset. crowdsale feature has extensive possibilities sell for eth, erc tokens, launch external services automating sailing and funds managements from other blockchains, bitcoing for example. use these system possibilities there need have time token. time token will allow the users unlock the system unique functionality means deposits time tokens timeholder contract. the purpose timeholder contract keep track user time tokens which are allocated the user for operations within the system. most cases time token used fuel perform required system functionality. this means that for the use the functionality users will charged fee. charging will taken chronoback time tokens that the user previously deposited the timeholder contract. fee value defined system administrators that are permitted manage it. there are the following features that requires fees time tokens during their invocation: create platform the platform central point user assets management. provides the possibility easily and quickly create new assets. create assets (with and without fee) assets are erc tokens that are created users. users that created their assets can further operate with them, for example assets can crowdsaled. create token crowdsale when users want crowdsale their tokens they may create crowdsale and get funds any token registered the chronoback system. create token wallet there possibility create two types wallets: multi-signature wallet with given parameters and multi-signature wallet with factor authorization create buyback this the instrument allowing regulate the market value the erc tokens. one buyback created per one token. from time time, the cbe may hold polls the ethereum blockchain elicit the opinion time token holders. poll results will incorporated into decisions made the cbe concerning the financial technical direction and/or implementation the cbe system. only time holders are authorized participate poll. for the voting feature there only need for the user have time token deposit where the voting weight calculated according the rule: deposit amount defines voting weight. fee will charged for participation poll. time holders may deposit and withdraw their time tokens any time. withdrawing time tokens will influence the voting weight active polls which the user participates. when the user withdraws the time token from the timeholder contract the voting weight this user re-calculated according the rule. chronobank revolutionary platform for crypto assets management labour-hour tokens labour-hour token (lht) the fundamental unit value within the chronobank system. the purpose provide non-volatile, inflationary-resistant digital store value various blockchains. envisage lht for utilisation future systems, such laborx. lht value non-volatile and inflationary-resistant because managed with buyback contract that inherits buyback process aiming provide value stability for lht erc tokens. lht the main means payment for people's work laborx sidechain, well eth mainnet. laborx will deployed sidechain which its effective consensus, high performance, low-cost transactions and progressive reward algorithm for block mining. that allows scale our current system. also important note that there pow sidechain but there pos. lht will mined laborx sidechain. the miners (validators) will receive lht for the work their nodes. start mining there need make deposit timeholder. deposits can opened time any other erc token. important that deposit will play role warranty provide protection from faulty states and fraud will lost unfair validator once the fraud detected. further, there need run our private node with the private key the account behalf which the deposit was made, and will automatically allowed start mining the blocks, getting lht from the sidechain. lht can used "fuel" for laborx. also planned add the possibility exchanging lht for erc tokens eth mainnet. future work economic models. key the success the chronobank system informed choice the aforementioned economic parameters. essential perform further analysis determine how parameter modification impacts the feasibility and sustainability the system wider context. this will necessarily performed before realworld implementation constructed. laborx. the digital asset management system described this document proposed first step towards larger decentralised labour system. lht described this paper forms the base currency for decentralised labour exchange platform entitled laborx. the intention laborx enable peer-to-peer exchange labour-hours with lht, thereby reducing the centralisation the proposed chronobank system. laborx will incorporate rating system whereby holders lht can identify fair trades examining the quality and/or specialisation the labour provider, given their history the platform. enabling direct exchange lht with labour-hours, the system's dependency contractual arrangements significantly reduced. this potentially reduces the cost and increases the stability the system whole. conclusion this paper proposes non-volatile, inflationaryresistant, digital asset management system. this innovative system only made possible recent advancements blockchain and cryptographic technologies. leveraging these technologies, this system tokenises contractual debt manner that can both economically feasible and highly practical for digital platforms, such laborx. references satoshi nakamoto. bitcoin: peer-to-peer electronic cash system. tether.to. tether: fiat currencies the bitcoin blockchain. anthony eufemio kai chng shaun djie. digix's whitepaper: the gold standard crypto-assets. fabian schuh daniel larimer. bitshares financial smart contract platform. investopedia. contract for difference. gavin wood. ethereum: secure decentralised generalised transaction ledger. ethereum project yellow paper, sasha ivanov. waves whitepaper. ethereum request for comments (erc)