digital currency for sports esports, entertainment platforms, adoptable universally across other industries. white paper please read this disclaimer section carefully. you should consult your own advisors concerning the legal, tax, economic, financial and other aspects associated with the chiliz token and socios.com platform disclaimer the chiliz token classified 'virtual financial asset' terms the applicable maltese 'virtual financial assets act' (chapter the laws malta) (the 'vfa act') the chiliz token does not possess any necessary characteristic required considered transferable security, money market instrument, unit collective investment schemes, digital currency, commodity, security any other form investment any jurisdiction. this white paper compiled accordance with the requirements and provisions the vfa act and the process being registered with the relevant competent authority, the malta financial services authority. the date this white paper, other registrations, approvals licensing requirements apply for the chiliz token terms applicable maltese law. this white paper does not constitute prospectus offering document and not solicitation for investment and does not constitute offer financial instruments, securities the public collective investment scheme. any decision purchase chiliz tokens shall based consideration this white paper whole. the issuer reserves the right (i) make changes this white paper and any documents linked the chiliz token and/or holding and use chiliz token ensure compliance with the applicable regulatory requirements and (ii) all that necessary compliance with any regulatory requirements, including but not limited to, interrupting, suspending ceasing the operations trading the chiliz token deemed necessary the issuer's sole discretion. solely you ensure that prior subsequent approval, notification, registration licence needed such needed, solely you obtain such prior subsequent approval, notification, registration licence require any form the country where you are citizen, national, resident having similar connecting factor, incorporated, registered effectively managed, and the issuer shall not any way liable for any non-conformity the above you. the chiliz tokens are not available (i) natural person being citizen, national, resident having similar connecting factor to; (ii) juridical person being incorporated, registered effectively managed and controlled from within country, jurisdiction territory where the private placement the holding and use the chiliz token and/or virtual currency other tokens any other moment time prohibited laws, regulations other practices and policies the said country, jurisdiction territory, which taken include, but not limited the united states america, any other jurisdiction where the aforementioned are prohibited. this white paper, the chiliz tokens and/or the holding, use and trading the chiliz token carries rights, whether express implied, other than for their use the socios.com platform and trading cryptocurrency exchanges, chiliz tokens not represent confer any ownership right stake, share security equivalent rights, intellectual property rights any other form participation relating the issuer. chiliz tokens not give you any entitlement acquire any such interest entitlement respect the issuer. the administrator the issuer, identified the considerations section this white paper, are the persons responsible for the information contained this white paper. the best the knowledge and belief the administrators the issuer (who have all taken reasonable care ensure such the case), the information contained this white paper accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely affect the import such information. the administrators the issuer accept responsibility accordingly. chiliz top level snapshot vision team legitimacy give billions sports esports fans currency buy direct voting power their favorite organizations sports, esports and gaming industry experts developed the e.u. (malta) create crowd management platform for teams, leagues, events and games across multiple verticals take inspiration from socios team control models (used teams like real madrid barcelona) experienced regulated gaming, gaming tech sportscentric business development advisory board: current and former leaders from facebook, google, playtech, sina sports, fnatic, team vitality, pokerstars, infront sports esports influencers. executed with the support the maltese government member the eea (enterprise ethereum alliance) chiliz top level snapshot market shareholders private placement esports videogames: top chinese venture capital firms: completed half larger than film music industries combined, with market size $.b and projected $.b traditional sports: the largest entertainment industry globally, with market size topping early net revenues topping ceyuan ventures (feng bo) h&s financial group currently utilizing the erc token standard business leaders $chz dr. stanley choi, investor and ipo specialist (hong kong) million raised private token sale xavier niel, french telecommunications tycoon (france) donald tang, hedge fund manager (hong kong) chiliz top level snapshot gaming and esports consumers are young, well-educated, relatively affluent and digitally savvy. their profile matches that early cryptocurrency adopters. furthermore together with sports consumers, both demographics have readily adopted digital voting/ polling and other crowd-solutions means engagement with teams and leagues. gap current engagement services sports and esports investment mostly comes from media corporations, corporate sponsors and independent, wealthy financiers. such, the average fan has ability participate decisionmaking events for the organizations they follow, though this demand exists. chiliz fueled platofrms specifically chiliz-powered, tokenized fan voting platform such socios.com fills this gap. this affords fans some degree decision making influence, while offering new direct revenue stream for sports and esports organizations. chiliz pioneers "fans influencers" solutions owning chiliz tokens and exchanging them chilizpowered platforms like socios. com, fans can acquire voting rights and the ability participate decisions and guidance for teams, leagues, game titles and events. it's solution scalable and flexible enough work across sports and esports ecosystems. viable consumer demographics contents considerations the chiliz ecosystem problem solution platform introduction disclaimer, risks definitions what the chiliz/socios.com the opportunity overview issuer information platform? the innovation fan decisions kyc aml why develop the chiliz the partner flexibility rights misc socios.com platform third parties the chiliz/socios.com vision through first application socios.com platform: features technology values our values voting milestones expansion phases fan engagement transactional model auditability monetization fan token offerings eth protocol erc standard revenue for teams, buying selling fan tokens why ethereum? the platform glance team, advisory shareholders at-launch utilities for the $chz token socios.com team funding allocation chiliz blockchain campus cornerstones token project token generation advisory shareholders leagues events chiliz crowd sale distribution points contact event contact considerations disclaimer, risks definitions issuer information kyc aml rights misc. service providers considerations express disclaimer: the socios.com platform well the fan tokens fall outside the scope this white paper they are mentioned this white paper way reference only and are strictly not regulated the contents hereof. disclaimer risks risk factors the following non-exhaustive disclosure principal risk factors which are considered material the company connection with the private placement event, and the acquisition, holding and/or use chiliz well, the extent rendered application, the use the socios.com platform any moment time. participants should consider these risk factors alongside all other information provided the white paper and are advised consult with their own professional advisers (including their financial, accounting, legal, tax, technical other advisers and experts) before deciding obtain chiliz. addition, participants should aware that the risks described herein may combine and thus intensify one another. the company believes that the following risk factors may even affect its own business, well the external valuation chiliz (which external valuation beyond the scope and purpose the reason behind the socios.com platform and the company's business). most these risk factors are contingencies which may may not occur and the company not position predict the likelihood such contingency occurring. acquiring, holding and using chiliz, the participant expressly acknowledges and assumes the following risks: general suitability token acquisition the acquisition chiliz from the company only suitable for financially sophisticated persons who are capable evaluating the merits and risks such acquisition, other persons who have been professionally advised with regard token acquisition and who have sufficient financial resources able bear any losses that may arise therefrom (which may equal the whole amount spent connection with the token acquisition). such acquisition should not seen investment financial asset. risk losing access chiliz due loss private key/s, custodial error participant error wallet necessary acquire, hold and dispose chiliz. the participant hereby understands that responsible for setting the wallet with thirdparty provider hold chiliz and responsible for implementing reasonable measures for securing the wallet. accordingly, loss requisite private key/s associated with the wallet holding chiliz will result loss such chiliz and any other cryptocurrencies and/or tokens held within. moreover, any third party that gains access such private key/s, including gaining access login credentials the wallet that the participant uses, may able misappropriate the participant's chiliz. any errors malfunctions caused otherwise related the wallet that the participant chooses receive and hold chiliz including the participant's own failure properly maintain use such wallet caused result the choice third party provider for the wallet, may also result the loss chiliz additionally, the participant's failure follow precisely the procedures set forth the terms for acquiring and receiving chiliz including but not limited to, the provision the wrong wallet address for receiving chiliz may also result the loss his chiliz. risk mining attacks with other decentralized cryptographic tokens based the ethereum protocol, (erc tokens) chiliz are susceptible attacks miners the course validating chiliz transactions the ethereum blockchain, including, but not limited, double-spend attacks, majority mining power attacks, and selfish-mining attacks. any successful attacks present risk the socios. com platform and/or chiliz, including but not limited to, accurate execution and recording transactions involving chiliz. considerations risk hacking and security weakness risks hackers other groups organisations may attempt interfere with chiliz number ways, including, but not limited denial service attacks, sybil attacks, spoofing, smurfing, malware attacks, consensus-based attacks, and any such similar events which could have impact chiliz, the socios.com platform and the services the company may offer from time time. risk security weakness the smart contract, website and chiliz source code any associates software and/or infrastructure there risk that the smart contract, website, the socios.com platform and chiliz may unintentionally include weaknesses bugs the source code interfering with the use causing the loss chiliz; the source code the website open and could updated, amended, altered modified from time time. the company unable foresee guarantee the precise result update, amendment, alteration modification. result, any update, amendment, alteration modification could lead unexpected unintended outcome that adversely affects chiliz and/or the website. result, chiliz may lost. risk listing low/no liquidity chiliz are intended used solely for the socios.com platform and the company will not support otherwise facilitate any secondary trading exchange the secondary market the external valuation chiliz, which are all beyond the scope and purpose the socios.com platform. this restricts the contemplated intended use chiliz only the socios.com platform and could therefore create illiquidity risk with respect chiliz that the participant owns. even though there are currently online services available which enable exchange cryptographic tokens with other such tokens even enable the exchange cryptographic tokens for fiat money, there are warranties and/or guarantees that chiliz will made available for exchange with other cryptographic tokens and/or fiat money, and guarantees are given whatsoever with regard the capacity and/or volume such exchange/s. shall explicitly cautioned that such exchange, any, might subject poorly-understood regulatory oversight, and the company does not give any warranties regard any exchange services providers. users including the participant, applicable, might exposed fraud and failure affecting those exchanges. any case, not the company's aim enable exchange chiliz for other cryptographic tokens for fiat currency and shall therefore not commit any endeavours list chiliz such exchanges any secondary markets. risks eventual unfavourable fluctuation eth chiliz' value the socios.com platform intended financially self-sufficient and selffinancing after the private placement event and the company commits have specific interest the market value chiliz. nevertheless, the value btc, eth and/or chiliz fluctuates, the company may not able fund development the extent necessary, may not able develop maintain the socios.com platform the manner that intended. addition the usual market forces, there are several potential events which could exacerbate the risk unfavourable fluctuation the value eth chiliz including another dao-like attack the ethereum network, significant security incidents market irregularities one more the major cryptocurrency exchanges. risk malfunction the ethereum network any other blockchain and competing platforms possible that chiliz are interacting with malfunctions unfavourable way, including but not limited one that results the loss chiliz prevent their use the socios.com platform. possible that alternative platforms could established that utilise the same open source code and protocol underlying the socios.com platform and attempt facilitate services that are materially similar the socios.com platform. the socios.com platform may compete with these alternatives, which could negatively impact and socios. com platform, including the utility chiliz for use the socios.com platform considerations risk uninsured losses unlike bank accounts accounts some other financial institutions, chiliz are uninsured unless the participant specifically obtains private insurance insure them. thus, the event loss chiliz loss chiliz's value, there public insurer, such the investor compensation scheme private insurance arranged the company offer recourse the participant. risk associated with uncertain regulations and enforcement actions risks the regulatory status tokens general, initial token coin offerings, private placement event and distributed ledger technology unclear unsettled many jurisdictions. difficult predict how whether regulatory authorities may apply existing regulation with respect such technology and its applications, including the socios.com platform and the chiliz. likewise difficult predict how whether legislatures regulatory agencies may implement regulatory actions changes law and regulation affecting distributed ledger technology and its applications, including the socios.com platform and the tokens. regulatory actions changes law and regulation could negatively impact chiliz and the socios.com platform various ways, including, but not limited to, determination that the acquisition, holding and use disposal and transfer chiliz constitutes regulated instrument that require registration licensing those instruments some all the parties involved the acquisition, contribution, sale and delivery thereof. the company may cease operations interrupt the private placement event jurisdiction the event that regulatory actions, changes law regulation, make illegal operate such jurisdiction, commercially undesirable longer viable obtain the necessary regulatory approval/s operate such jurisdiction provide the socios.com platform. risk arising from taxation the tax characterization chiliz uncertain. the participant must seek his own tax advice connection with purchasing chiliz, which may result adverse tax consequences him, including withholding taxes, income taxes and tax reporting requirements. risk insufficient interest chiliz and the socios.com platform possible that chiliz and the socios.com platform will longer used large number individuals, companies and other entities that there will limited interest the use chiliz and the socios.com platform. such lack use interest could negatively impact the development the socios. com platform and therefore the potential utility chiliz. internet transmission risks there are risks associated with using chiliz including, but not limited to, the failure hardware, software, and internet connections, other technologies which the socios.com platform the use chiliz relies. such failures may result disruptions communication, errors, distortions delays when using chiliz and the socios.com platform the website. risk dissolution the company possible that, due any number reasons, including, but not limited to, decrease chiliz's utility, the failure commercial relationships, intellectual property ownership challenges, unfavourable market conditions and added compliance and regulatory obligations, the use the socios.com platform may longer viable offered the company may need cease trading and dissolved and liquidated. risk arising from lack governance rights since chiliz not represent confer any ownership right stake, share security equivalent rights, intellectual property rights any other form participation relating the company, all decisions involving the company will made company their sole discretion, including, but not limited to, decisions transfer more chiliz for use, sell liquidate the company. these decisions could adversely affect the utility that the participant holds. considerations regulatory risks and market risks risks the company and operation the socios.com platform, are subject variety domestic and/or and international laws, regulation and directives, including those with respect privacy and data protection, consumer protection, data security, and others. these laws, regulations and directives, and the interpretation application these laws, regulations and directives, could change. addition, new laws, regulations directives affecting the company, the socios.com platform and chiliz could enacted, which could impact the utility chiliz and their use the socios.com platform. additionally, the participants are subject industry specific laws and regulations licensing requirements. any the parties fails comply with any these licensing requirements other applicable laws regulations, such laws and regulations licensing requirements become more stringent are otherwise expanded, could adversely impact chiliz and the socios.com platform, including the chiliz' utility the socios.com platform the participant hereby accepts the risk that some countries chiliz might considered, now the future, security token. this case the company gives representations, warranties guarantees that the utility tokens are not considered security tokens all countries. the participant hereby accepts solely responsible the legal, financial and any other risks connected chiliz security his country and the only responsible check the holding, using and the disposal chiliz legal your country. also, changes laws, regulations and directives governing the company's operations may adversely affect their business and consequently the socios. com platform. any change the company's tax status, taxation legislation malta elsewhere, could affect the value its financial holdings, its business and the company's ability achieve its business objective and continual commitment the development the socios.com platform. other inherent risks the participant understands and accepts the inherent risks associated with chiliz, the extent not covered elsewhere the terms, including, but not limited to, risks associated with (a) money laundering; (b) fraud; (c) exploitation for illegal purposes; and (d) any other unanticipated risks. unanticipated risks cryptographic tokens such chiliz well blockchain are new and untested technology. addition the risks included the chiliz documents there are other risks associated with the participant's acquisition, holding and use chiliz including some that the company cannot may not anticipate. such risks may further materialise unanticipated variations combinations the risks discussed the chiliz documents. the participant hereby represents and warrants that will take sole responsibility for any restrictions and risks associated with the holding use chiliz. any the risks, mentioned the terms are unacceptable the participant not the position understand, the participant should not acquire, hold use chiliz. considerations issuer company definitions, applied within this document: chiliz token(s) definitions utility cryptographic decentralised token issued the company based the ethereum protocol (erc token) being the token which can used sports fans acquire fan tokens fan token(s) utility cryptographic branded token bearing the marks/name the partnering sports team organization which they relate. such fan tokens are created separate entity within the group and are designed for direct utility within the socios.com platform. fan token(s) grant holders voting rights particularly participate the decision-making processes, feedback polls and surveys regards the sports teams organizations which they relate. fan tokens can exclusively traded using chiliz tokens. participant any person (natural juridical), who has contributed and bound the terms the private placement and this white paper and/ who intends hold and/or use chiliz token(s) any moment time and shall include any person who intends become participant. entertainment limited, company registered under the laws malta with company registration number and having its registered address east, level triq tas-sliema, gzira, gzr, malta. mediarex group mediarex enterprises limited, company registered under the laws malta with company registration number and having its registered address office east, level triq tassliema, gzira, gzr, malta (as ultimate parent company) and its direct and indirect subsidiaries. white paper this document its entirety socios.com socios platform, platform the socios.com platform, platform developed another entity within the group, operating the basis blockchain technology and smart contracts for the purpose offering tokenized voting platform where fans can buy, sell and execute voting "crowd managers" rights their sports teams and benefit from extra vip benefits vfa act the 'virtual financial assets act' (cap. the laws malta) and any subsidiary legislation enacted thereunder considerations information the issuer: information the issuer the issuer the chiliz token entertainment limited, company registered under the laws malta with company registration number and having its registered address level east, sliema road, gzira, gzr, malta (the "issuer"). the issuer was established october th, wholly-owned subsidiary mediarex enterprises limited, saving one share which personally held alexandre dreyfus, administrator the issuer. the issuer lawfully existing and registered private limited liability company terms the 'companies act', chapter the laws malta the date this whitepaper, the board administrators the issuer constituted the following persons: alexandre dreyfus (reachable level east, sliema road, gzira, gzr, malta) considerations know your customer (kyc) and anti-money laundering (aml) counter financing terrorism procedures: kyc aml the issuer has adopted rigorous kyc procedures verify the identity every applicant, and the beneficial owner (where applicable) that has expressed interest acquiring chiliz and only those contributors which have successfully identified themselves the kyc procedure, the issuer's satisfaction, have been successful participating the chiliz private placement. strict compliance with kyc procedures protects the contributors and the issuer from criminal elements such money laundering activities and terrorism financing. the kyc procedures adopted were based current market practices and accordance with all applicable maltese and legislation the issuer recognizes the importance preventing money laundering and terrorism financing therefore aml and counterfinancing terrorism procedures have been implemented accordance with applicable legislation, notably the prevention money laundering act (chapter the laws malta) including any rules and regulations enacted thereunder. the issuer particularly requested the identification any politically exposed persons ("peps"), individual who who has, been entrusted with prominent public functions, and immediate family members, persons known close associates such persons. the policies and procedures implemented the issuer this respect are based contributor's identification and contributor's identity verification the basis the following sources: documentation provided the contributors. information about the contributors obtained from reliable and independent sources. particular, the issuer has and shall not conduct business with the following risky persons: those refusing provide the issuer with required information documentation. entities whose shareholder/control structure cannot determined. those individuals that are included any official sanction lists. individuals indicating possible involvement criminal activities based available information. those individuals with business where activity, source funds source wealth cannot reasonably verified. appropriate record received documentation and information, copies recommendations are retained the issuer for the legally established time period per applicable laws, including aml legislation and data protection laws including general data protection regulation. considerations intellectual property rights associated with the offering, projects arising from it, and protection thereof: rights service providers the chilizr and socios.comtm marks, all content the chiliz website (www.chiliz.com) and this white paper relation the chiliz offering and the socios.com platform, unless mentioned otherwise, remain the intellectual property rights the issuer's parent company, mediarex enterprises limited, company registered under the laws malta with company registration number and having its registered address level east, sliema road, gzira, gzr malta. this means that readers are not allowed use the content contained web pages, electronic written publications any other media and/or words, phrases, names, designs logo that are our trademarks without our express written permission. all information provided website, whitepaper, business model and any other public document, subject change without any notice any person including any stakeholders token holders. external service providers: legal advisors: e&s consultancy ltd. palace court, church street, st. julian's stj malta. auditors: nexia the penthouse, suite capital business centre, entrance triq taz-zwejt, san gwann sgn. the chiliz what the chiliz the socios.com platform? why develop the chiliz the socios.com platform? the chiliz ecosystem socios.com, the platform chiliz powers chiliz, powering socios.com, gives sports and esports fans the ability crowd-manage their favorite teams, games, leagues and events. anticipate sports esports landscape that not only shaped what games, teams and leagues draw the highest audiences, but those who can most effectively activate and monetise that audience putting their fan-base the driving seat. it's called radical fan engagement: universal sports and esports 'crowd-control' engine capable giving fans voting rights guide their some their favourite teams' management and strategy decisions. any league, any team and any game, realised with blockchain technology. with chiliz powering the socios.com platform, fans can become influencers any competitive entity. turn, teams, leagues events, from any corner the sports esports world can then monetise the fan demand for these voting rights. the chiliz ecosystem why develop chiliz the socios.com platform? our motivation: turn the world's billions sports, esports and gaming fans from spectators into influencers. with chiliz tokens powering the socios.com platform our vision turn billion gamers and million esports fans, well the billions-strong community football fans, from spectators into team-connected influencers and decision makers. the global sports market continues grow year over year, and the esports market specific expected experience annual growth over the next years. exploration try improve fan engagement both sports and esports ongoing, with both verticals, monetising fans via direct team connection outside game broadcasts and live events continues represent challenges. our vision embraces both cryptocurrency and blockchain backed fan platforms the most effective tools empower sports' and esports' active fans and transform them from passive spectators into active influencers, who help guide the teams and organizations they love follow. problem solution the opportunity the innovation problem solution the opportunity fans can only watch. they can't make decisions influence the organizations they love the current sports and esports environment offers for the most part only transactional 'contact' for fans. they pay for licensed products watch their favourite line-ups compete their favourite games. however, this passive endeavour the fans have influence over their favourite teams players. while the appetite 'activate' fans influencers exists, current exploration into direct fan engagement, for example the 'fan voice' element the digital fanboost engagement formula has not left the realm novelty. historically this has meant that unless you create your own team, there are almost systems place for influencing team decisions and there way transition from fan active participant. gaining this voice through direct investment specific team not option for the vast majority sports organisations. and even were, the barriers entry for average sports fan time, funding, talent acquisition ability are immense the point being insurmountable. problem solution the innovation platform where fans get direct vote their favorite sports organizations, connect and help fund new sports and esports entities the socios.com platform, powered the chiliz token team crowd-management system that empowers fans take meaningful, active hand guiding various decision making and influencer events for their favourite professional sports and esports teams. this made possible via the novel application scalable, blockchain-based fan token purchasing and utility infrastructure; brought life through the secure, trustless deployment tokenized voting rights and executed via smart contracts the socios.com platform. this chiliz-fueled blockchain solution turns team management into entertainment proposition its own right, gamifying voting rights into trading re-trading experience. every fan's voting decision will directly affect real-world sports and esports teams, well any other partnered organizations. socios.com's fancontrolled teams can operate both existing sports esports infrastructures competing independently conventional events such the premiere league, liga, and etc. for football dreamhack, esl and etc. for esports (as conceptual examples only) new emerging sports entertainment environments. platform introduction overview fan decisions partner flexibility third parties fan-owned teams the dream the socios.com platform: overview sports esports entities from individual players (or streamers) and teams entire competitive leagues, globally, guided braintrust fans acting each organization's hive-mind who make the decisions those organizations agree offload them. the engine the socios.com platform's blockchain backed, tokenized voting system; capable driving transparent and democratic crowd decision making processes for teams entities from any game type sporting vertical. the fuel the chiliz ($chz) token, used fans acquire branded fan tokens from any team organization partnered with the socios.com platform and enact their voting rights their fan influencers. platform introduction what this tokenized voting platform can power: sports teams across any game league independent esports teams sports and esports events sports and esports leagues ecosystem relevant brands sports and esports influencers platform introduction here are some general examples: what decisions can fans make? when fans enter the socios. com platform, acquire chiliz tokens and then use them exercise their voting rights, they become part the crowdmanaged decision engine for whichever organisation they've chosen support. but, what kinds decisions can fans make guide engage with the teams leagues they have vote in? the more fully team immerses themselves socios.com partnership the more powerful their fan engagement proposition becomes. please note, these are conceptual examples. real-world decision making voting topics for teams leagues will vary depending the specific title which they are competing. team-wide decisions* league-wide decisions* for football teams choosing team's jersey designs, influencing line-ups friendly matches, choosing between fan offerings. format decisions regarding leagues (length season, competitive matchmaking formats for season, and the like). for esports teams (where applicable) match-ups for teams compete against events, exhibition games and practice matches. for teams built from the ground run socios.com which players are drafted onto the team (chosen from eligible draft pool). the new game modes which teams should compete. for multi-game capable leagues which new titles should included for league expansions. league matchmaking decisions how teams should seeded and how matchmaking will occur during the regular season (where applicable). platform introduction other sports verticals tokenized voting rights teams announced additional game areas (cricket, baseball, and etc.) the socios.com platform: esports teams influencers fan-led decision making management influence for esports organizations. fan-led influence guidance directly between fans and streamers/ personalities football teams brands events fan-led decision making club influence for teams including psg juventus. crowd influence/ engagement solutions via fan tokenization for forward thinking brands sporting events platform introduction mobile-first easily connectable existing platforms: third party example: the socios.com platform can connected twitch via overlay options, creating real-time influence opportunities and giving fans the ability utilize fan token-empowered voting and other socios.com platform features while watching the very teams/ events they are influencing. mobile app development for the socios.com platform will allow fans access the voting and rewards portals they have say from anywhere on-site events, out with friends anywhere else. platform introduction historic precedents: fan-owned teams european football the nfl some the most valuable sports franchises such barcelona, real madrid, porto benfica are owned partly managed 'socios' groups tens thousands club supporters who actively vote elect their teams' board members and leaders. single 'socio' can have monopolistic voting power and result, everyone has hand guiding top level management decisions. the green bay packers are the only community-owned team the nfl with current stockholders, none whom are allowed own more than the team's shares any one time. chiliz socios.com: vision through first application milestones expansion phases chiliz/socios.com vision through first application: activating the football vertical official partners top tier football clubs including paris saint-germain juventus will officially become the first teams 'tokenized' socios.com it's first practical user-ready application, the socios.com platform will create crowd-voting economy for the football sports vertical. kick-start this, the platform has finalized and announced multi-year partnerships with paris saint-germain and juventus its first cornerstone clubs. additional top tier clubs are due on-boarded the near term well. the official home the paris saint-germain juventus official fan tokens, both clubs have followed format which will serve socios.com's blueprint for on-boarding moving forward. clubs will off-load predetermined level influence power their fans decided the clubs themselves with the socios.com platform generating set supply fan tokens exchange. fans purchase these fan tokens and use the platform interact with on-demand surveys opened clubs. anyone who has least fan token eligible vote, and every incremental 'voice' attached each fan token counts equally. the fans speak, the clubs listen. chiliz/socios.com vision through past and future: milestones achieved future progress with foundations set, chiliz and the socios. com platform powers will look use football benchmark expand our tokenized fan voting model other sports order cater global marketplace where different competitive verticals are dominant prime examples diversification are cricket the indian market, baseball for japan, and the like. private placement finished million raised functional demo smart contract voting mechanisms $chz fan token transactions gamescom first football clubs on-boarded psg juventus moved into new offices accommodate now person team first football season with socios.comengaged teams kicks off. teams from other sports verticals begin active on-boarding soft launch executed with initial crop fan tokens going live for public sale. opening fan voting begins. scaling team across all departments finalizing platform preparation for soft launch achievement onboarding goal for least sports verticals top organizations across the competitive spectrum are live socios.com the socios.com fan token economy now features teams across various sports which rank from multiple tiers popularity and competition. adoption push for the chiliz ($chz) token transactional mechanism party platforms becomes larger key business focus. chiliz/socios.com vision through phases: $chz socios.com launch, buildout, and market adoption pre-launch launch diversification chiliz tokens are generated and distributed; the socios. com platform moves past development milestones enable chiliz fan token transactions smart contract voting mechanisms. first major team partners sign participate the platform including psg and juventus. the chiliz token becomes readily available for public purchase exchanges. the socios.com platform opens for soft launch the public, with the platform's initial crop cornerstone partner teams offering their fan tokens and enabling crowd guided voting first decisions. the first european football season with socios.com-engaged teams begins. with chiliz now organic circulation currency, socios.com moves expand its fan token economy and rewards based offerings into new sports verticals actively on-boarding team organizations from other globally followed sports including cricket. the platform's esports vertical moves aggregate diverse partner types outside teams, including streamers gaming brands. socios.com platform: features voting fan token offerings buying and selling fan tokens socios.com platform: features voting voting rights for fans via fan token-enabled smart contract executions the team-specific engines that run every decision the socios.com platform all sports and esports teams independent league-tied operating the socios.com platform will debut with specified, finite number fan tokens tied concrete voting rights. fans who obtain voting rights trading chiliz tokens for fan tokens, gain decision-making right for that team. each vote executed group smart contracts, wherein fans leverage their ownership fan tokens 'send' them various answers given pole. once certain engagement threshold met, all voting results become valid, with all votes and vote results stored socios.com's side blockchain for transparency. maintaining team management integrity every team operating the socios.com platform will run their own semi-autonomous organizations implementing democratic rules poll fantoken holders about every team-related decision. these semi-autonomous organizations consist smart contracts executed the socios.com side blockchain, guaranteeing integrity ensuring that only fan token holders can participate and therefore influence proportionally the number fan tokens they own. blockchain-managed votes are publicly auditable, ensuring that neither the socios.com platform nor the organisations fuelled it, can manipulate voting results ignore fan crowd-guidance. socios.com platform: features fan token offerings* democratic solution for fans purchase first-offer fan tokens from newly introduced organizations socios.com when new organization goes live socios.com, their supply fan tokens offered for purchase fans first come, first served basis fixed price point. only after fan tokens are the hands fans, can they listed re-listed socios.com's shared marketplace. this fixed-price 'order line' place ensure that the first chance purchase any given fan tokens transparent and fair experience for users. how fan token offerings work *fan token offerings, well fan tokens fall outside the scope this white paper they are mentioned this white paper way reference only and are strictly not regulated the contents hereof. together with socios.com, each new team on-boarded the platform decides initial chiliz-pegged value for their fan tokens. this fixed, base price (in $chz) which all fans can publicly purchase specific fan tokens first release. buying accessibility for these first-run fan tokens functions virtual line. fans pre-order set amount tokens before release, with orders fulfilled the order which they're placed. fan token offerings run under volume consideration well. this means that single user has capped amount fan tokens which they can pre-order for any team. this may fluctuate organization-by-organization basis, but the end goal capping remains the same ensure that single user able buy monopoly fan tokens. these user user caps for ownership are maintained even after new organization's fan token offering period expires and their fan tokens live the socios.com marketplace. socios.com platform: features buying selling fan tokens gamified marketplace where fans acquire, sell grow their 'fan token portfolio' fans who are control more fan tokens socios.com gain access the socios.com marketplace. here fans can auction off the voting rights (fan tokens) they hold. this dynamic, gamified system allows users leverage their ownership positions exchange fan tokens for chiliz dynamic rates. what this means: users are free list their fan tokens any price they wish for example chiliz for specific fan token but that doesn't guarantee they'll sold. for any given team's marketplace, only the cheapest fan token price visible buyers. once that token purchased, the next cheapest price becomes visible and acts that fan token's current public value. each fan token price point the socios.com shared marketplace updated real-time, where and when users decide buy sell fan tokens becomes strategic consideration similarly normal market exchange. with regard selling, fans who auction off their fan tokens can use their accrued chiliz diversify the fan tokens they hold across teams other entities, keep building their voting stewardship single team. gamified economy business model: the socios.com marketplace ensures that chiliz tokens have real utility. traded sub environment, the acquisition voting rights fan's favourite teams becomes meta-game itself. trading micro-fees taken the platform also represent sustainable business model fuel the socios.com platform whole. technology values our values auditability eth protocol erc standard why ethereum? the platform glance technology values transparency and auditability: core ethos for chiliz socios.com our values and how blockchain serves them our commitments both future users the socios.com platform and the organisations fueled the chiliz token are clear: for our users: the currency and platform which together act decision-making engine the fans, giving them way meaningfully influence their favourite teams with complete integrity. for our partner organisations: create and share revenue generated via the socios.com platform fair transparent way. trust our currency and the platforms and products its made power important both for our users and our partners but understand that trust alone not enough when comes ensuring that voting rights will exercised fairly and that revenue will accounted for accurately. technological foundation, blockchain the de-facto choice eloquent manner. ensure integrity, run our own permissioned instance the ethereum blockchain. this permissioned sidechain the core socios.com. hosts every team, league, game title other organisation who connects with the platform, together with each organisation's crowd voting mechanisms run semiautonomous organization this blockchain. running our own permissioned sidechain will drastically reduce transaction costs allowing the use proof authority (poa) consensus algorithm confirm each new block the permissioned chain with each block storing polling/ decision results instead necessitating the use proof work (pow) consensus. other than being scalability solution, this system also ensure transparency socios.com's poa sidechain will publicly auditable. technology values the permissioned sidechain: auditability everything occurring the socios.com platform terms voting trading stored auditable, permanent manner via public ledger our permissioned blockchain. the main ethereum blockchain: everything that occurs the socios.com platform terms chilliz erc transactions new accruement fan tokens converted from chiliz ($chz) tokens and socios.com account balance exchanges part the platforms other service features will stored auditable, permanent manner via public ledger the main ethereum blockchain. the socios.com platform will serve oracle connecting our permissioned sidechain the main ethereum blockchain: chiliz ($chz) tokens will emitted the main ethereum blockchain, while partner-specific fan tokens will emitted our permissioned sidechain. this means that functional level the socios.com platform itself serves the only bridge which enables the exchange chiliz tokens and fan tokens (and vice versa). the socios.com platform's public ledgers, which together chronicle full history platform-wide transactions, can audited anyone, namely the fans who entrust give them legitimate set voting rights. technology values utilizing the ethereum protocol the erc token standard what ethereum? the words the founders: what the erc token standard? "ethereum decentralized platform that runs smart contracts: applications that run exactly programmed without any possibility downtime, censorship, fraud third-party interference. these apps run custom built blockchain, enormously powerful shared global infrastructure that can move value around and represent the ownership property. this enables developers create markets, store registries debts promises, move funds accordance with instructions given long the past (like will futures contract) and many other things that have not been invented yet, all without middleman counterparty risk. the project was bootstrapped via ether presale august fans all around the world. developed the ethereum foundation, swiss non-profit, with contributions from great minds across the globe." www.ethereum.org erc one many different protocol standards the ethereum network for issuing tokens. "erc" itself simply means 'ethereum request for comment with the number serving unique identifier this specific standard. for token considered erc compliant, needs feature this standard's necessary smart contract 'rule' function inclusions. there's mandatory functions and additional optional functions which dicate token erc compliant not. you can learn more about what these are specific terms here. terms top-line scope, the central benefits compliancy with erc standards for chiliz lies the popularity the standard type itself, wherein its integrity tech and protocal standard are well documented. the proliferation erc standard has also streamlined exchangability and liquidity for these token types technology values ten reasons the socios.com permissioned sidechain based ethereum why ethereum? believe the spirit open source development, having found inspiration from innovations created open source communities for the last years. ethereum's vast choice consensus algorithms (including proof authority) allows any chain topology, including permissioned chains. ethereum provides complete toolkit for developers build apps, smart contract and other blockchain based solutions. ethereum has much higher performance when deployed permissioned chains. ethereum and solidity its smart contract scripting language supported very well-established and active community. ethereum 'future proof' when considering its roadmap (metropolis and serenity phases), which paves the way for things like proof stake, sharding plasma chains. compared other blockchains that have not delivered usecase promises, ethereum proven technology running live applications the thousands. ethereum comes with turing complete smart contract scripting language. ethereum mature ecosystem where tools like parity, truffle open zeppelin continue push quality and security upwards. with communities including the enterprise ethereum alliance rallying around the environment, ethereum benefits from the consensus-confidence it's diversely focused active adopters. technology values the platform glance: architectural level, the socios.com platform combines its core components across the public ethereum blockchain and our permissioned blockchain. the platform acts bridge between these two chains. the socios.com platform chiliz erc tokens are part the main ethereum chain and associated with transactions from fans funding withdrawing from the platform, and aggregation service and exchange fees (monetisation for partner organisations). the $chz vault also located the main ethereum chain. the socios.com permissioned sidechain where fan tokens are dispensed and allocated fans through fan token offerings, acquired via exchange the socios.com marketplace. fan engagement transactional model monetization revenue for teams, leagues events fan engagement transactional model platform monetization fees for buying selling, and for platform services power the socios.com business model low service fees, high transactional volumes the socios.com platform will monetize its user base sports and esports fans charging micro-fee for all transactions completed it. however, the act voting making decisions fan once they've purchased fan tokens for their desired team, league and/ event, will always free. fees will gathered from all the following major transaction/ trade points the socios. com platform either very small percentage amount transactions, set percentage fee, depending the service type: socios.com marketplace trading fees all transaction conducted the socios.com platform's socios.com marketplace for fans buying and selling ownership fan tokens for specific teams, leagues and events will subject micro-fee. sub-feature service fees all socially and competitively minded sub-features the socios.com platform including possible entertainment features like leaderboard leagues, daily challenges and digital asset trading will subject set provider fees for users. fan engagement transactional model revenue streams for partners the $chzpowered socios.com platform whenever fans trade votes: teams, leagues, events and games make revenue profit share with platform partners all team, league event entities who connect with the socios.com platform and have themselves 'listed' its shared socios. com marketplace will collect percentage micro-fee revenue generated our users buy and sell those partner's fan tokens. furthermore, listing, fan tokens are released onto the socios. com platform and bought fans, majority this initial monetary influx goes directly through the partners they are associated with. the socios.com platform doesn't hinge simply paying teams, leagues event organisers for leveraging their individual fan bases and bringing them into our platform environment; places them within sustainable fan engagement transactional model where spurring fan engagement isn't pursued marketing tactic, but part direct business model. at-launch utilities for the $chz token socios.com socios.com marketplace fan-led team influence hub socios.com tokenized fan voting platform for sports esports socios.com turnkey solution for any sports esports organization monetize their fan base via custom fan token offering (fto), giving fans access team branded fan tokens that come with voting rights and access vip level club rewards and engagement opportunities. addition this upfront upside, socios.com offers sustainable source passive revenue team's fans use the platform exercise their decision making power, engage with 'ownable' vip features and buy and sell various branded fan tokens back and forth amongst themselves. fan related img at-launch utilities for the $chz token socios.com teams listen, fans choose our proposition: branded fan tokens the socios.com platform are fans' license vote team matters. teams choose what fans decide, and fans are who they'll hear when they ask. ambition create cross-sports, shared fan token economy: socios.com plans on-board teams from football and other verticals including esports and other conventional games such cricket and the like. one the central endgoals for doing order for this platform develop open, gamified fan token economy. our vision platform which caters both hardcore "single team" fans and casual global fans alike. whether fans want leverage their token driven influence rights help guide single team, want interact with multiple teams across different sports, socios.com your gateway it. at-launch utilities for the $chz token socios.com at-launch partners paris saint-germain most competitively successful football club french history. has the support more domestic fans than any other football club, enjoys one the largest global fan bases any team regardless sport well. juventus the most popular football club italy, having the support roughly all italian football fans domestically. juventus also counts more than million supporters globally, million which reside europe. additional parterships socios.com though beginning with football its first area partnership will feature other tier one football teams, well tier one teams from other verticals such esports, cricket and the like launch too. at-launch utilities for the $chz token chiliz blockchain campus blockchain business hub malta connecting europe asia chiliz blockchain campus: on-site connection the forefront regulation the chiliz blockchain campus accelerator and industry hub connecting some the industry's largest stakeholders across asia and europe, together with other emerging blockchain entrepreneurs. the chiliz blockchain campus located on-site malta, with over sqm space dedicated servicing and supporting our members. the chiliz ($chz) token will usable payment method for membership. known "the blockchain island", malta home the chiliz blockchain campus leader the adoption governmentlevel framework regulate blockchain enterprises, and the financial dynamics which underpin them within europe. at-launch utilities for the $chz token blockchain campus amenities: tools support in-residency businesses chiliz blockchain campus hot desks mentorship programs funding accelerators networking access floating workspaces with reciprocity among other blockchain business hubs around the world, with initial partnerships already secured singapore paris. hot desk clients will also have access the blockchain campus suite small business tools including hr, legal services. established blockchain businesses pillars the crypto community are partnering with the campus provide emerging teams entrepreneurs engineers with structured mentorship opportunities help them and their projects flourish. leading blockchain investment funds will regularly gather campus review members' projects informally well gathering more formal pitch-style settings review prospective highlights being incubated on-site. networking events with leading asian and based cryptocurrency funds. engagement opportunities with leading cryptocurrency exchanges. events for emerging blockchain companies meet, share ideas and collaborate. at-launch utilities for the $chz token blockchain campus amenities: tools support in-residency businesses (continued) chiliz blockchain campus protocol-specific training numerous organizations behind today's major protocols are partnering directly with the campus train engineers and entrepreneurs alike best practices optimal project development and implementation routes for their technologies. venue spaces for client events chiliz blockchain campus members will have access premium open spaces for events they may need hold behalf their projects/ businesses. video production solutions turnkey studio, crew and editing/ graphics solutions which campus members can use realize videos for ico pitches and marketing, advertising, educational business-centric content. sqm flexible workspace chiliz blockchain campus' sheer size ensures that can accommodate aggressive growth, welcoming blockchain companies from around the world find their home europe. team, advisory shareholders team cornerstones advisory shareholders team, advisory shareholders leadership alexandre dreyfus thibaut pelletier max rabinovitch years experience serial entrepreneur the digital space building maturing tech businesses. pioneered webbased interactive tourism guides the late with webcity, co-founder winamax (the largest french online poker room) chilipoker. successful business exits include buyout webcity via carrefour later merging with competitor service sold yelp sale technology platform underpinning chilipoker bally technologies (now scientific games). founded mediarex entertainment acquired the global poker index the hendon mob years experience app platform development for gaming digital media. developed state-of-the-art igaming platform regulated france (sports, betting poker) manage real-money gambling operators online, featuring hundreds games dozens payment solutions for global users cto chiligaming. used this platform power major gambling operators the (mohegan, stratosphere), regulated markets (nj) carnival cruise ships while bally technologies. lead platform dev. solutions for leading regulated lottery casino operator denmark director app development scientific games. years experience creative direction strategic consulting the digital space. helped bring enterprise clients uspcc (bicycle brand) morton salt into the mobile arena comboapp; directed content platform strategy for start-up clients new coast ventures. produced commercial concepts from pitch production for clients including famous footwear, mcdonald's (na), nestle sony (playstation) freelance consultant with madhat creative partners. headed league/ gameplay organization for the season the gpl. chief executive officer chief technology officer chief strategy officer team, advisory shareholders team the chiliz team its affiliates leveraged it's full multinational team creatives, developers and gaming industry professionals bring the chiliz project the socios. com platform from concept and private placement functional build-out. our current team has years experience working together and the company forecasts talent additions its team ensure specialist coverage for every area its new blockchain based environment. emma diskin magnus linder jade cruickshank fiobian manicolo dorianne spiteri beatrice collet chief marketing communications officer chief financial officer head partnerships business development head legal compliance chief people officer managing director chiliz blockchain campus team, advisory shareholders blockchain capital cornerstones blockchain consultation and technology support arm okex, one the world's leading cryptocurrency exchanges. blockchain capital focuses helping promising initiatives their space raise need capital, while providing operational marketing guidance well access their exchange platform. steven nerayoff, esq., ll.m. prolific serial entrepreneur, attorney inventor internationally recognized patents. addition his role co-founder ico legal architect for ethereum, his involvement other high profile blockchain projects includes lisk, bancor, tzero, zencash, zcash, ripio, aion storm. ceyuan ventures top-tier venture capital firm focused exploring emerging technologies. ceyuan ventures was early investor okex continues actively work help finance and propel established blockchain projects forward. the company was founded feng. binance binance international cryptocurrency exchange platform and the largest its kind trading volume the world. acting more than exchange enabler, binance actively works promote regulated cryptocurrency exchange and adoption across global markets and supports emerging projects. team, advisory shareholders sam head, strategic partnerships, sina sports business advisory our advisory board supports the company two significant areas: token utility adoption and platform growth. this brain-trust sports and gaming space expertise, industry networks and marketing power helps with partnership development for socios.com chiliz token adoption neutral-use currency. former associate the nba current lead for domestic international sports content acquisition for china's largest online media portal. tarquin henderson former head, emea gaming sales, facebook igaming industry veteran expert social game marketing; former executive holdings cmo betclic everest group. mickey kim gil rotem director google active angel investor with mba from berkeley. former board member part leadership team for the world's largest online sportsbook. dr. christian mueller morten pedersen tonnesen director, google director, business dev., infront sports business development head for one europe's leading sports marketing agencies. former gaming coo, bet ceo, global marketing solutions innovator former head group marketing, pokerstars. team, advisory shareholders thomas winter vp, golden nugget interactive business advisory veteran executive the igaming space former ceo betclic. ludovic bodin matthieu pigasse serial entrepreneur gaming and tech, and creator multiple fps games. ceo lazard france, prominent investment banker media owner. co-founder, french tech (beijing) global head m&a, lazard bank team, advisory shareholders disrespect wouter sleijffers nicolas maurer ceo, fnatic owner ceo, team vitality leader one the world's most popular competitively successful esports teams, formers vp, marketing services, skrill. esports entrepreneur, founder the most popular team france; spot inductee into the lcs. elky anomaly guillaume patry world famous poker pro with over $.m lifetime earnings former starcraft phenom. also known bertrand grospellier. esports streamer with million youtube twitch followers. co-owner popular cs:go skin trading site. iconic former starcraft pro under the alias "grrrr...", world champion one the top players korea the early 's. twitch icon esports advisory fps legend million twitch followers two-time consecutive blockbuster videogame champion poker icon, esports star youtube influencer starcraft world champion team, advisory shareholders hong "yellow" jin-ho korean personality, starcraft icon esports advisory popular starcraft pro asia the mid late became national personality lol coach korea following his retirement. team, advisory shareholders shareholders our shareholders represent diverse cross- section business and investment leaders, with top level asian venture capitalists, and media and sports analytics leaders adding world-class business strategy value the company addition financial support and security. ceyuan ventures stanley choi xavier niel venture capitalist telecommunications tycoon top tier beijing based venture capital firm early investor into the okex exchange. founded feng (pictured, top). choi, together with h&s financial group are leading financial vehicle focused ipos gaming transactions. french telecom mogul, majority shareholder free, monaco telecom, eir telecom owner monde. venture capital firm john gleasure founder, board member, perform group current chief commercial officer dazn, a.k.a the 'netflix' sports. chiliz crowd sale ($chz) distribution funding allocation project token generation event chiliz crowd sale ($chz) total chiliz minted ($chz) ,,, chiliz allocation group chiliz token distribution private pre-sale private placement hard cap (now closed) ($chz) ,,, advisory board strategic acquisitions chiliz issued team seed investors ($chz) ,,, team seed investors chiliz issued advisory board ($chz) userbase reserve ($chz) ,,,* marketing operations marketing operations ($chz) ,,, strategic acquisitions ($chz) ,,, userbase reserve token addition userbase reserve factored off-set fractional allocations other users/ parties. private placement chiliz crowd sale ($chz) pre-sale sale funding allocation* operational expenses user acquisition corporate structuring security legal ecosystem support majority funds will passed from the issuer affiliate develop the socios.com platform, secure partnerships realize the platform's digital infrastructure. funds will used acquire new users for the socios.com platform and grow engagement its voting utilities, user experiences and marketplace. funds will used ensure that the socios.com platform maintains fully independent operations and has the strategic freedom grow its own terms. funds will ensure timely audits for chiliz, for socios.com platform security and ensure the legality the platform's operation the and all other relevant global markets. the issuer will invest malta's emergent blockchain ecosystem, developing valuable partnerships help the company and its stakeholders grow. *denotes allocation net proceeds contribution only. chiliz crowd sale ($chz) chiliz project token generation event chiliz' token generation event was executed via private placement only completed with our hard cap reached. are longer pursuing fundraising measures, instead focusing our efforts leveraging accrued resources realize the chiliz/ socios.com vision. you are interested engaging with chiliz our socios.com initiative business development partnership scope you simply have questions for please reach out to: contact@chiliz.com contact points contact contact offices malta entertainment ltd east level tas-sliema street gzira, gzr malta telegram channel: t.me/chiliz_io china mediarex beijing sports and culture ltd galaxy soho chaoyangmennei street beijing ceo: alex@chiliz.com whatsapp: wechat: alexdreyfus kakaotalk: adreyfus find chiliz medium.com/chiliz twitter.com/chiliz find mediarex via gpl discord.me/gpl facebook.com/gplgaming twitter.com/gpl white paper editing history january th, february th, march th, february th, march th, february th, march th, february th, march th, february th, april th, february th, april th, february rd, april rd, february th, may th, march nd, may th, march th, june th, post token sale march th, june th, march th, june th, august th, october th, october th, november th, november th,