hybrid intelligence for eective asset management white paper authors (cindicator team): mike brusov, chief executive cer and co-founder yuri lobyntsev, chief technology cer and co-founder kate kurbanova, head analytics nodari kolmakhidze, chief investment cer version october abstract cindicator creates the social and technological infrastructure needed make eective decisions under the volatile conditions the new economy. combining large number diverse nancial analysts and set machinelearning models into single system, are developing hybrid intelligence infrastructure for the cient management investors' capital traditional nancial and crypto-markets. the bene hybrid intelligence for ecosystem and community are: technological and analytical infrastructure for the cient and safe man- agement investors' capital investors themselves licensed managers; opportunity for analysts monetise their intellectual assets without risking their own funds; tools and data for making investment decisions under the conditions market uncertainty; up-to-date analytics the industry, expectations, opportunities, and market growth points; indices and ratings crypto-assets. contents introduction hybrid intelligence what hybrid intelligence? areas application venture investments science corporations and businesses politics hybrid intelligence for investments and asset management ecosystem hybrid intelligence token sale collective intelligence arti cial intelligence expediency issuing cnd tokens eective economic motivation all ecosystem participants necessity business terms token sale terms issue cnd tokens cnd token distribution funding allocation economic model for the ecosystem products for cnd token holders limited access products trading portfolio hybrid intelligence cnd pool for dynamic compensation forecasters eth/btc pool for dynamic compensation forecasters monetisation intellectual contribution forecasters technological infrastructure for investment funds binary probabilistic questions macroeconomic events corporate events political events binary price-related questions price-related questions planned new data types, signals and indicators planned new analytical products public experiment with moscow exchange technological infrastructure data science and machine learning (ml) description current pipeline data ltration and clean-up (data preparation) feature extraction construction hypotheses and mathematical models validation and streamlining predictive models description validated hypotheses and approaches con rmation correlation between analysts' forecasts and real market behavior approach the development mathematical models mathematical foundation nitions superforecasting wisdom the crowd (woc) model boosting sustainable models technologies (libraries, algorithms) technological roadmap analytical products: completed and development technologies applied team and stages development legal considerations conclusion risk factors and disclaimers references team current progress the company legal legal status cnd tokens legal status crowdsourced forecasting platforms introduction hybrid intelligence what hybrid intelligence? hybrid intelligence the combination human intelligence and machine intelligence, and their interaction resolving various tasks. one sort intelligence supplements and strengthens the other. clearly, one may face many challenges during the decision-making process. hybrid intelligence and other related systems under development are appropriate for resolving these kinds culties. this not only due the criterion speed decision-making namely, the question why one should waste time simple tasks that can resolved both individuals and simple mathematical methods and algorithms? also related the complexity the tasks and the level uncertainty the systems used resolve them. one his latest interviews elon musk speculates that humans should soon merge with arti cial intelligence and create new kind interface. this symbiosis could help people settle one the most complex tasks facing mankind: predicting the future with high accuracy. people have long tried resolve this issue all areas business using various technologies with varying degrees success. investors and traders try predict future share prices company success increase the pro tability investment deals. political analysts try predict the results presidential elections, while corporations put great deal resources into attempts foresee future technological trends. many them have already used intellectual crowdsourcing undertake these tasks greater lesser extent. let's take look the existing solutions. areas application venture investments most investment venture deals are closed syndicates the moment. this means that several investors take part one round the deal the same time. this trend has been increasing year year. addition syndicate deals which involve partner venture funds speci associations and collective investment clubs emerge each year (angel-list the most famous example). why venture (and other) investors prefer group deals rather than individual ones, despite the fact that sharing pro table investment with one's competitors seems make sense? one the reasons for such deal structures lies the use collective intelligence systems for risk hedging against the potential mistakes group thinking. this could happen when investor makes the wrong decision about deal based false insight, trend, insu cient competence given area. syndicate, set competencies and the investors' previous experience can very dierent, which allows them view the startup whole, well looking the team and the potential risks from various angles and cancel the deal there are sound reasons so. for most venture investments, the best deal deal that has never been done before. now imagine the collective intelligence professional investors combined with arti cial intelligence technology, which, based the use large volumes data real time (including the number exits, the stock market situation speci area, the state the labour market, and even the behaviour startup founders social networks), adapts current market conditions and produces signals for entry non-entry into deal, free from emotional factors. most investors the pre-seed and seed stages admit that emotions are still the main drivers investment decisions. science the symbiosis these two types intelligence could, this case, ciently downplay the disadvantages human 'emotional' approaches strengthening the decision-making signal with number decentralised data analysis points. using such method reasonable systems with higher uncertainty and highly complex tasks, for example biotechnologies. renowned scienti paper, researchers created game which each player with dierent degree knowledge could take part molecular docking process that helps predict the structure future chemical element with certain desired properties). each project participant could bind molecule the protein together any way. using this crowdsourced data from variety experts combined with virtual screening (computer modeling and machine learning) enables scientists create new medicines combining molecule (medicine) with target protein (cancer target). the synergy the two types intelligence allows humanity invent medicines for diseases that were once incurable. the famous british scientist francis galton came rural fair where visitors were invited guess the weight bull put public display and write the gure special ticket, supposedly just for fun. the organizers that show promised prizes for those who managed guess the correct gure. thus, about people, some them inveterate farmers, and others far from pastoral aairs, took part the voting. after collecting all the tickets for analysis after the fair, galton calculated the average arithmetic value from the entire sample: pounds. the actual weight the bull was pounds. this means that group, the people gave answer incredibly close the true gure. evidenced statistics from the who wants millionaire? television game show, after contestants used the phone-a-friend option phone erudite friend, correct answer was chosen only cases, but when the player requested audience assistance, the aggregate answer from the audience was true cases. such studies the wisdom crowds were used widely amid the boom studies dedicated group dynamics between the and the sociologist heigl knight, for example, asked students estimate the temperature the room. the arithmetic average the group's opinions estimated the temperature the room some while the actual temperature was corporations and businesses google, johnson johnson, and many other large corporations use 'collective intelligence' for new corporate management technologies. corporations have already begun integrate the technology idea crowdsourcing and future forecasting into their strategic processes crowdsource new ideas and generate forecasts for the future the company and its competitors (sales plans, new product releases, entry into new markets). top management collects proposals and signals from various employees and departments (on decentralised basis, which important), such points view and 'insights' from sales managers, who collect market feedback daily basis, well developers, who possess information the actual value technologies and the company's ful lment its product plan, which are completely dierent nature and value. combining this system with the unbiased algorithms big data processing (on sales data, analytical reports and forecasts, and the constantly changing market situation) and mathematical modeling, top management gains access extremely valuable decentralised source decision-making, which can used combination with other strategic parameters. politics certainly, similar technology can used for political purposes. noteworthy case well-known student project launched the iowa electronic market. turned out one the most precise tools for predicting the results political events and elections for most countries around the world. participants this 'market' can buy sell contracts for the various results future political events (similar short and long positions the stock exchange), thus forming expectations and determining the exact probability victory for one another presidential candidate. for two decades, this technology has been predicting the results presidential elections with great precision, when compared with any analyst company (until the most recent election incidentally). hybrid intelligence for investments and asset management undoubtedly, stock exchanges are still the leaders researching and using hybrid intelligence business this area where traders have make decisions millions dollars every second (and trading robots every millisecond). financial markets themselves are the daily prediction the future its pure form. what price and when the best time buy facebook shares, brent crude oil, the dollar, bitcoin? all these questions are the subject daily predictions traders and analysts. major current market analytics related, for example, forecasting the future terms nances are created limited number professionals using roughly the same information. each year the pace information retrievals accelerates and the value such reports falls, with fewer and fewer professional traders reading them taking them seriously. nonetheless, such analytical reports bring impressive amount money all over the world. alone, professional traders spent over billion purchasing nancial market data, which billion was spent professional analytical services and systems (predictive analytics). this gure will increase approximately six times. and these are only professional analytical systems. the nancial information market for non-professionals huge: for example, residents have bought shares least once their lives, and china about residents are engaged stock trading. recognising the potential and size this market, decided put the technology hybrid intelligence good use nancial markets top priority. ecosystem hybrid intelligence thousands analysts the cindicator platform generate various forecasts daily, answering number speci questions about the price levels dierent nancial assets, macroeconomic indices, and events signi cantly uencing the market. examples: create forecast the minimum and maximum price levels bitcoin for the coming seven-day period; will the tesla stock price surge during market hours friday?; will the u.s. unemployment rate greater than equal .%, according the june report?; will bancor collect more than million during the rst week ico?; what the probability trump's impeachment during the next three months? cindicator works using large dataset that transferred mathematical block consisting machine learning model ensemble (cleaning, clustering methods, linear regressions, bayesian models, xgboost decision trees, genetic algorithms, and neural networks). machine learning models dynamically calculate various weightings for each forecaster, identify stable systematics their errors and calculate corrections for the errors, eliminate noise, and generate nal predictions and trading signals. the core our hybrid intelligence system the synergy the collective intelligence large group dissimilar decentralised analysts combined with arti cial intelligence (machine learning, and self-learning model based variety dynamic feedbacks). let's review these two ecosystem framework components greater detail. collective intelligence order ensure eective operations, any group intelligence system should meet the following criteria. the complexity every goal set. for results have any relevance, they cannot derived from extremely complicated questions addressed dierent users (i.e., the expected bitcoin price usd days). however, the collected signal should present cient value. aside from the complexity the set task/issue, there need create the most convenient infrastructure for each participant make such forecasts. so, december launched mobile platform where focused the interface used forecasters. result, takes three minutes for each user generate one data point. group diversity and decentralization. members single group intelligence should possess varied knowledge and competencies, intelligence, personal experience, and views. particular segment prevails group, the system will incapable generating accurate signal the event incorrect insight. group may have lot outliers, errors, subjectivity; however, the diversity and multidirectionality these points allows them ignored modulus (the simplest example the gaussian distribution). furthermore, the group should completely decentralised. communication exchange opinions inside the group allowed order avoid the uence some individuals others. motivation each group member. each group intelligence member must highly motivated generate the most accurate forecast possible (according current knowledge and possibilities). have developed multi-level motivation for our platform, based important aspects human psychology. financial motivation. each month, distribute funds proportionately each user's ranking the application. the more accurate the forecasts user makes, the more compensation they receive. erroneous forecasts, and low activity downgrade the rankings. accordingly, each user's compensation depends their personal activities and the accuracy the forecasts. competitive motivation. have developed internal user rankings, special nominations, and other gami cation elements enhance the competition factor. involvement with trades and investment. our platform, users not merely forecast order maximise their points; each forecast micro-involvement every user real simulated trading transaction investment. our trading robots complete real model trade linked every question posed. this signi cantly promotion the involvement every participant, both individuals and the group whole, and increases responsibility. training. getting daily feedback the accuracy their forecasts well increasing their level knowledge before preparing each prediction helps forecasters enhance their skills and the best strategies for forecasting various types events. arti cial intelligence the arti cial intelligence system only the rst stage which generates large amount 'raw' data. next, cindicator's 'black box' used, with the following core elements: the system and methods ning the con dence weight (with constant adjustments after each question and trade) for each user, which takes into account: the personal track record each member's accuracy, divided into clusters (signal types, instrument types, links between answers, etc.); dynamic feedback following each trade with regard the value (pro loss) each user's forecast; the predictive model, which (in very short time) capable ning superforecasters the group. trading strategies and models seek the best possible way using the enriched data create trading robots: testing various trading strategies and hypotheses; constant backtests and forward tests adapt the models the constantly changing market environment. token sale releasing cnd infrastructure tokens, oer all participants (traders, investors, forecasters, analysts, data scientists, and the cindicator team) the chance become the creators decentralised ecosystem hybrid intelligence for more cient asset management. each cnd token holder can obtain new level access cindicator's indicators, indices, data, services, information, and analytical products. the level access and the products and tools available will depend the quantity tokens each holder's possession, which will turn uenced each token holder's role and active participation the decentralised ecosystem. also plan place cnd tokens exchanges, giving people the opportunity buy them openly (for residents countries where the purchase tokens does not violate local laws), gain access new products, sell them interested traders, analysts, investment funds. tokens cannot sold residents the usa, singapore, prc, other countries where the sale tokens may require registration security. legislation the circulation securities certain countries, such the usa, singapore and prc prohibits the sale cnd tokens the residents those countries. when you buy cnd tokens, you should aware the restrictions their subsequent sale and promise follow our instructions and/or those the exchange when reselling them other users. expediency issuing cnd tokens the issuance our own infrastructure tokens conditioned the need create internal economy the ecosystem that will establish transparent and fair relations among all participants comprising the system: forecasters and analysts, traders, nancial investors, data scientists, and the cindicator team. eective economic motivation all ecosystem participants blockchain, decentralization, and fair system economic motivation are ideologically and systematically integrated into the structure the predictive product module. their purpose create system long-term motivation that encourages forecasters perform their intellectual work better, thereby increasing the eectiveness the entire technology and its bene the community. ensure more cient and fair motivation for active participants the ecosystem, (forecasters currently, but also data scientists and traders the future) will locate direct causality between the quality their engagement and the result real simulated trading transactions investments (which are based participants' forecasts, intellectual work, data processing models and trading strategies). for this reason, after the crowdsale and acquisition the necessary licenses, will allocate part the funding the trading portfolio (managed hybrid intelligence). potential pro from this portfolio will used replenish the dynamic motivational eth/btc pool reward forecasters (in proportion their rating, accuracy, and participation over given period). therefore, nancial compensation for active ecosystem participants will directly linked the trading module performance. this compensation designed reward mechanism incentive for accurate information and forecasts provided and contributed the system and not applied cnd holders generally. necessity business throughout and early launched test integration with hedge funds and banks monetise our technology providing them with products and apis. identi the poor scalability this classic modellarge funds wanted monopolise our technology, data, and trading signals (primarily because the limited market capacity funds with the same valuable alpha began compete utilising these signals). other words, realised that selling our solution large number customers would unwise from business point view. the issuing infrastructure tokens the next step towards the creation technological infrastructure (api forecasting module data science module trading module gui module), which will used investment funds working under the new format for utilising all products and capacities hybrid intelligence with maximum ciency. funds that would purchase this technology will regularly paying the performance fee from their potential pro the extent which the dynamic motivational eth/btc pool will replenished order increase the motivation all active participants the ecosystem (forecasters traders, data-scientists). this infrastructure scheduled available for funds order preserve maximum ciency the utilisation our technology investment funds (hedge funds, crypto asset funds, venture capital funds) access this infrastructure will granted only for those who own signi cant number cnd tokens. terms token sale terms issue cnd tokens cnd tokens will issued ethereum blockchain using the erc token standard. token sale period: september october. prior the crowdsale, plan start selling the tokens via the white list several iterations. there possibility that all tokens will sold through these stages before the start the crowdsale. the tokens will issued within the token sale period. purchase methods accepted: eth. price cnd price equivalent provided for illustrative purposes only, currency will accepted). maximum hard cap $,,. cnd token distribution tokens will distributed follows: for token sale contributors; for the cindicator company vesting); for advisors and partners; for the bounty campaign; for current cindicator forecasters (proportionally their total rating). funding allocation funds will allocated follows (proportions below are not nal and may change company's discretion based business needs): budget for continuation scienti work, infrastructure development, creation new products, development hybrid intelligence platform. the budget will allocated between these areas set out below: development: data science, machine learning, modules, mobile applications, web versions, products, api, web-hosting, server capacity; trading: trading services and terminals, development trading algorithms and infrastructure; operational costs: salaries, rent, other operational costs. hybrid intelligence portfolio for technology validation, the accu- mulation valid trading data and formation dynamic motivational eth/btc pool for forecasters. the trading cases this portfolio will also serve make history transactions, which will contribute growing interest and demand for cindicator products the professional market investors and traders. marketing: promotion the collective intelligence platform order achieve signi cant growth forecaster numbers. legal support, improvement company's legal structure, protection investors' rights. monthly forecaster compensation fund. acquisitions and future partnerships for the synergetic development the hybrid intelligence ecosystem. economic model for the ecosystem products for cnd token holders buying tokens, cnd token holders will get exclusive access part the hybrid intelligence infrastructure (currently under development). holders the cnd infrastructure tokens will receive dierent level access cindicator's indicators, ratings, and internal analytical products. token holders will able access the following parts the infrastructure: indicators traditional markets and crypto-markets (the probability the rise fall asset prices, the probability beating consensus corporate and macroeconomic events, indicators certain price levels being reached, and indicators the probability signi cant events uencing the market); auxiliary service products for trading (telegram and slack bots, noti ers, and portfolio monitoring products); analytical products (ico ratings, market condition analysis, ico due diligence, and investor portfolio analysis); market indexes and sentiments generated hybrid intelligence. the fact that token holders can use data from the analytical infrastructure products will not aect the value the data received from hybrid intelligence, since each indicator index not unambiguous trading signal, but only additional metric the market that helps analyse investment decision. these data and analytical products will assist token holders and make the ecosystem transparent. however, part the infrastructure intended directly used capital management (by traders' teams, machine learning models, and trading strategies) will remain the centralised part the system. this necessary order make sure that hybrid intelligence can used most ciently the next stage, when interested funds will provided with access the entire infrastructure (see section .). limited access products prevent the dilution analytical data value (taking into account market capacity and the potential impact it), the access level and set available products and tools will set for cnd tokens. part the products will just made available the token holders accordance with their balance level, and part the products will sold through transfer tokens the dynamic motivational cnd pool. exact formation the access levels will depend the crowdsdale results (number the tokens issued) and the market dynamics, and will determined the appropriateness thereof for cindicator's internal economy. will deliver these products various ways once the corresponding development work complete: daily/weekly/monthly distribution indicators via messenger/email; saas(software service) dashboard with access indicators and analytics hybrid intelligence for various events; mobile application; api access. trading portfolio hybrid intelligence order validate the progress develop the hybrid intelligence technology, and verify the quality the cindicator analytical products, hybrid intelligence portfolio will created. this portfolio will divided into the three parts, order cover the most promising and scalable trading strategies, well for eective risk hedging: active cryptotrading based cindicator technologies, along with data and signals retrieved from the consensus hybrid intelligence. this portion the portfolio will vary with cryptomarket liquidity. the moment, liquidity makes possible comfortably use small percentage the total portfolio active strategies. bitcoin will used benchmark estimate the results. protective buy and hold portfolio crypto assets (the proportion various assets the portfolio determined consensus). the task hybrid intelligence determine the optimum ratio crypto assets from the viewpoint risk minimisation, and keep this ratio date. bitcoin will used benchmark estimate the results. active trading traditional nancial assets: stocks, futures, and foreign exchange markets the basis cindicator technologies, well data and signals retrieved from the consensus hybrid intelligence. this part the portfolio used demonstrate the capabilities hybrid intelligence traditional markets. can also treated protective relation the entire cryptoportfolio. the case strong fall the cryptomarket, portion the funds may transferred cryptoassets with the purpose earning pro upon the rehabilitation that market. usd will used benchmark estimate the results. active management the third part the portfolio will begin within few months after the end the token sale. this, will need complete the preparation the entire trading infrastructure, such accounts and legal structure (it necessary establish separate legal entity for the fund and obtain the necessary licenses). this portfolio will managed our team traders and trading robots, who will use the data, signals, and analytics obtained through the hybrid intelligence technology. will apply various strategies the nancial markets (both crypto and traditional) within dierent time horizons, from short-term trades long-term investments. the choice strategy and assets invested will draw positive evaluation from hybrid intelligence, well successful testing the form back and forward tests. our team will prepare detailed monthly reports featuring the results the trades executed and make them available the community. cnd pool for dynamic compensation forecasters form steadily growing internal economy, cindicator will create the internal motivational pool cnd tokens. the pool tokens will used encourage the cindicator forecasters, well other contributors the ecosystem, who will bringing signi cant values the ecosystem hybrid intelligence (scientists, visionaries, engineers, traders, investors, marketers, vendors, etc.). for the contributors encouraged, cnd pool tokens will brought the pool primarily from selling the cindicator analytical products those products and technologies that will available only through the sale cnd tokens cindicator company. eth/btc pool for dynamic compensation forecasters every quarter will record the results all the accounts the hybrid intelligence portfolio order form dynamic motivational eth/btc pool, designated reward forecasters for their intellectual investment into the ecosystem. the case positive performance (relative the initial state the portfolio), will distribute the pro follows: will remain the hybrid intelligence portfolio, ensuring its growth for the next reporting period; the performance fee for the cindicator team (to paid only the portfolio size larger than its initial state); funds replenish the dynamic motivational eth/btc pool. case loss, will can use the reserve fund provide nancial motivation and compensation the superforecasters for the period question. the parties acknowledge that the current state the cryptocurrency industry uncertain due fast changing regulations and/or lack regulatory certainty several jurisdictions. comply with any regulations and/or ensure viability its business model light any market, technological, and/or regulatory changes, company reserves the right amend, supplement, delete any term this agreement, including but not limited any terms dealing with the creation dynamic motivational pools. monetisation intellectual contribution forecasters forecasters forming the cindicator collective intelligence are the key element created with the ecosystem. the successful operation this system whole requires the personal motivation forecasters sustained, and common goal formulated for the entire group. our platform enables professional and non-professional analysts monetize their intellectual work analysing markets and generating predictions. call this product the collective intelligence platform, which our forecasters can invest their mental asset (time, attention, intelligence) and eligible for the respective compensation their embedded intellectual investments, with risk losing their own nancial assets. personal motivation each forecaster generating various forecasts our application given personal rating, based the forecasts' accuracy. the rating may both increase and decrease, depending the accuracy each prediction. the rating each forecaster made public, which creates the necessary competitive motivation for each forecaster. the end each month the rating xed, and the most accurate forecasters the ratings share the cash prize proportion the number points accrued that month. the monthly cash prize formed from the reserve fund forecasters' remuneration and depends the number forecasters the time. the size the monthly prize and the rules for its allocation are announced before the start each month. the beginning each month, this rating reset (in order for everyone have equal chance the new period) and new monthly stage begins. group motivation the overall goal the entire forecaster group will related the result trading the hybrid intelligence portfolio, since they are integral part its management. the end each reporting period (quarter) will record the results trading the hybrid intelligence portfolio (for the traditional portfolio usd; for the crypto-portfolio btc). the case pro generated any the accounts (according the corresponding benchmark), one part thereof will applied into the dynamic motivational eth/btc pool for allocation between the forecasters, the additional bonus proportion their rating such reporting period. case loss both accounts, additional bonus will provided the forecasters. technological infrastructure for investment funds the nal goal create complete infrastructure for the new generation investment funds which will buy access cindicator technology (api, forecasting module, data science module, trading module, gui module, security system). the funds will able access this technology buying necessary (see section amount cnd tokens. funds that would purchase this technology will regularly paying the performance fee from their potential pro the extent which the dynamic motivational eth/btc pool will replenished order increase the motivation all active participants the ecosystem (forecasters traders, data-scientists). the number funds that will get access the full infrastructure will limited order maximise the ciency the infrastructure each market (cryptoassets market, traditional stock market, currencies market, derivatives market, venture capital market). this will provide cient supplement cindicator's ecosystem, increasing its sustainability and providing bene for all active members. technologies applied technological infrastructure the cindicator technological infrastructure already developed the time the token sale and consists the following modules. business logic module: backend system with basic business logic that works with events; administrative system; viewing data and indicators; mobile applications (ios android); web application (under development). prediction module: data acquisition; filtration and cleaning acquired data; feature extraction; forming hypotheses and mathematical models; validation and optimisation parameters for predictive models; synthesis accurate predictions. trading module: data acquisition from the predictive module; integration with exchanges, acquisition and processing resulting data; back tests and forward tests for parameters trading strategies; implementation trading strategies through trading robots. data science and machine learning (ml) employed cindicator accurately forecast the actual behaviour nancial instruments based data from the market and forecasters' predictions. achieve this goal, two major approaches are used: superforecasting and the wisdom the crowd. undertake this work several ways: study our forecasters, identifying behavioural patterns and common factors. cluster forecasters: into bears bulls, those who narrow expand price levels, analyse the market not, follow the trend not, use technical fundamental analysis etc; explore behavioural patterns: how often forecasters make mistakes, which situations they are mistaken, and how forecasters react dramatic change the market and dierent economic events. conduct experiments with groups and clusters. conduct experiments with predictive models and use them build the boosting algorithm. conduct time series analysis the market and the predictions forecasters. validate machine learning models and optimise their parameters. description current pipeline data available: forecaster pro (gender, age, country, professional background, occupation, and behavioural patterns); forecasters' predictions for dierent nancial assets (binary questions, price-related questions); historical market data various nancial assets. use the classical pipeline machine learning models. data ltration and clean-up (data preparation) the main source random errors forecaster input errors (where the user indicated the wrong ticker symbol speci incorrect number order). these errors adversely aect the work models and displace our metrics. for data clean-up use the following methods: iqr, grubbs test, and gesd. feature extraction each forecaster and investment instrument has distinctive behavioural pattern. our algorithms consider these patterns and apply either charge dierent weightings dierent models the appropriate manner. have developed model that constantly updates the feature vector and recalculates its weightings based (reinforcement learning). construction hypotheses and mathematical models all our models can divided into two classes: superforecasting models (in which build models various forecasters' clusters and cluster ensembles); the wisdom the crowd model (in which build various models the predictions all forecasters). develop mathematical models for description and prediction based the theories phase transitions and game theory. also use fractal geometry forecast critical points (points where the market experiences increased tension, when the topological dimension and the hausdor dimension are changing dramatically). validation and streamlining predictive models our models are optimised and back test-assisted due the pipelines involved. dierent models demonstrate their own speci behaviors for dierent investment instruments. each model has its own settings (the length the sliding window, the form the function for calculating weights penalties, the depth the decision tree, and others). tuning parameters done for each model with regards each nancial asset. each model constantly learning the basis new data. assess the accuracy and quality our models, perform back-testing and use both standard scores (rmse, roc, mae, pearson's correlation coe cient) and their intrinsic evaluation functions for each trading strategy. description validated hypotheses and approaches con rmation correlation between analysts' forecasts and real market behavior demonstrate existence strong correlation between analysts predictions and real market behaviour, turn the basic mathematical statistics. let the coe cient determination, one the general mathematical metrics, which determines the degree correlation between the data. believed that, when the condition satis ed, there strong correlation between the data sets. calculate the coe cient determination for nancial instruments (goog, bac, spy, mcd, spc). let's demonstrate the values the coe cient determination the example data from the archive (cindicator analyst's forecasts and real values), calculated using open library python: from sklearn.metrics import r_score the obtained value goog: bac: spy: mcd: spc: for this calculations based the data from data archive (forecasters predictions reality) used open library python language: from sklearn.metrics import r_score. conclusion: our experiments show the presence constant and strong correlation between analysts' forecasts and real market behavior. this means that can implement mathematical model that will extract from the forecasts analysts the exact values market behavior with the necessary accuracy. approach the development mathematical models predictions' accuracy each forecaster varies depending the type question: some users provide great answers for questions related macroeconomics and politics, while making mistakes price-related questions; others, the other hand, can accurately forecast price particular asset for next day/week/month, yet make mistakes questions other types. researching behavior each user created self-learning system for assessment. for instance, depending forecaster answers for price-related questions can dierent forecaster pro les. wherein, behavior the individual forecaster may vary: they predict only trends weekdays (no time look the charts), but make more accurate forecasts weekends. applying dierent conversion operators, can signi cantly improve prediction accuracy. our models take into account all behavioral patterns the users. have found that there was group forecasters who are especially good predicting the so-called bifurcation points, when the trend changes dramatically experiences sharp jump/fall. constructing separate algorithm for this cluster forecasters, can predict such bifurcation points and apply individual models them. our models use dierent ml/dl approaches, such as: bayesian approach; bayesian belief networks; hmm; using various models separate predictors which serve build the boosting; building various regression models; using various algorithms clustering for segmentation and aggregation forecasters. compose clusters superforecasters and ensembles clusters, which run various algorithms; using historical data investment instruments addition user signals. models based time series analysis are also used. mathematical foundation nitions ne: feature vector which characterizes user; ith system user (forecaster); user vector; event vector; real real {ereal real values (correct answers) vector for events lth ticker -belonging event voting operator. then, following: pure signal for event not involving algorithms, denoted the (ui where the number forecasts. superforecasting the group {ul ulm called superforecasters for events {ek ekn |vk ekt ekreal the value sk max (ul ekt ekreal the events limit error for the group wisdom the crowd (woc) ne: the user weights matrix; the user weight vector for the event wlt the weighed users vector for the event then, the woc algorithm signal denoted the following: (wlt elt the value the real max[vl (wl limit error the woc algorithm events model boosting ne: the superforcasting the woc models (forecasts) vector; models (forecasts) vector. the following linear combination models called model boosting matrix form: am, where the coe cient (weight) matrix, the model matrix and shall select matrix that |am real the limit error model boosting will the following: max |am real therefore, the following condition will correct: tlt then: the timing error, kh:s-s the transformation set signals, for which: lim |sl elreal aaa proof. kh(sl tle let prove that provided that theorem conditions are met, there exists kh, for which |sl elreal transformation without prejudice communality, let assume that all the forecasts are |gi where the moment while the sustainability conditions provide for then the monotonicity statement will correct. let use the weierstrass theorem for the limited monotonic sequence: any monotonically increasing series, bounded from above (or monotonically decreasing series, bounded from below), has the limit equal its least upper (lower) bound. thus, obtain that lim |sl elreal all the models used cindicator hybrid intelligence technology, could abstractly set out the form approaches given above. account the described theorem, there exists model transformation for which error expectation reduces zero the time series. technologies (libraries, algorithms) languages: python, scala, libraries: numpy, scipy, pandas, algorithms: infrastructure: keras, theano, xgboost; scikit-learn, matplotlib, seaborn, regressions, clusterisations, arima, boosting, decision trees, random forest, deep learning; django/flask/tornado, postgres, mongodb, re-dis, azure, hadoop, spark. technological roadmap the future, our technology develops and amount data increases, plan to: implement neural networks and deep learning; implement trading robot based reinforcement learning, which will independently analyse the market and learn from its own mistakes; develop modern mathematical models build predictive models for the market; collaborate and cooperate with data scientists from leading universities (stanford, berkeley, princeton, spsu) and companies (google research, ibm) nance, data science, and ml/dl; create platform for managing trading robots; develop the marketvec algorithm vector representation nancial assets' data). believe that the merging such areas control dynamics, game theory and technical analysis, machine learning, and behavioural analysis very promising eld. analytical products: completed and development over forecasters have made forecasts since the global platform launch december july (once adequate data set had been accumulated), the company started trading, forward testing and backtesting various trading strategies. the main focus areas included two types questions: binary probabilistic questions; price-related questions. binary probabilistic questions binary probabilistic questions are questions that only have two possible answers: yes no. forecasters have give their answer %% probability for event happen. %-% probability interpreted no answer with various degrees con dence, while %% probability interpreted yes with various degrees con dence. rule, this type question used forecast political, macroeconomic, corporate, and other sorts events, well forecast price movements certain degree. each analyst uses various strategies answer these questions, speci probability value set out forecaster aects the number points the forecaster's rating*that is, their nancial motivation. thus, each user both analyst and risk manager for their portfolio the platform. for instance, some forecasters choose for most questions; therefore, they can lose (if the answer wrong) gain (if the answer right) points maximum. some forecasters only choose receive the greatest possible number points (similar traders, who use equal risk per position each trade). and some forecasters are cautious events great uncertainty and aggressive (%% %%) events where they are more con dent. therefore, they are similar traders, who risk bigger with greater con dence trade, and vice versa. result, arti cial intelligence models weigh the answers and assess forecasters over the history their forecasts, well forming dynamically changing clusters (bulls, sheep, bears, superforecasters, etc). result, get valuable aggregate signal, which can used various trading systems and strategies. let's take closer look various types binary probabilistic questions. *the number points calculated the dierence between and the user's answer. for instance, user chose probability for the event will the bitcoin price rise july and the correct answer no, (i.e., %), they will receive points. the forecaster who answers for this question will get points for their answer. therefore, the maximum number points available for more information, please see our faq. macroeconomic events macroeconomic events are the latest and most important economic events, gures, and facts that could aect nancial markets. for example, needed out the probability for the federal reserve's interest rate hike june. so, created the following question the cindicator app: "the aggressively pro-us business approach the trump administration could prompt the federal reserve hike rates more rapidly. will the fed raise the interest rate wednesday, june?" this case, the hybrid intelligence deemed the probability rate hike and fact the fed increased the rate that meeting. regarding macroeconomic events, also possible out whether macroeconomic indicator surpasses analysts' expectations. for example, are going make trade based the publication the adp employment report, publish the following question the cindicator app: "last month adp employment change was the next report will published wednesday, august. will employment rise more than ,?" this question, cindicator forecasters predicted probability adp employment increasing more than the consensus set. indeed, that day, adp employment change thus, hybrid intelligence provided correct forecast, and the market reacted the right direction. let's adduce some more examples similar questions related macroeconomic events: "will the jobless rate may greater than equal .%?" "will china's second quarter gdp exceed estimates according report published july, "bank japan (boj) governor haruhiko kuroda reiterated that the central bank prepared step stimulus needed, while noting again that so-called helicopter money prohibited. will boj cut interest rates below -.% the july meeting?" find out more about macroeconomic questions our medium blog, where share the signals receive and information the trades completed based this data: nonfarm payrolls: +.% two minutes; durable goods orders: how trade with crowd indicator? spy: +.% fed's decision. corporate events speculation about whether published report will exceed its consensus forecast also used predict some corporate events (e.g., quarterly reports). for this purpose, put the following question hybrid intelligence: "best buy co., inc. (bby) set report its second-quarter results tuesday, august before the market opens. wall street expecting earnings per share (eps) $.. will best buy report eps above wall street consensus?" cindicator predicted that best buy's report would better than the analysts' consensus with probability. indeed, the eps published turned out higher than the consensus, and the company's shares spiked over one day. corporate events include not only report publication, but also dividend payment, conference calls, and presentations. you can see examples trades, which can made with the use these forecasts, our medium blog: apple (aapl) conferences: apple: +.% within few hours; apple: few days. quarterly and annual reports: guess? +.% one trade; apple: how trade with crowd indicator? +.% one trade; net ix: +.% less than hours. political events political events analysed our platform include the election top cials and parties various countries, resignations, important meetings, certain political decisions (e.g., imposing extending sanctions, countries joining various coalitions), and others. for example, prior the rst round presidential elections france, posted the following question our application: "less than two weeks before the vote the rst round, the farright candidate marine pen was leading the polls the french presidential election. the rst round will held april will marine pen reach the second round?" cindicator's hybrid intelligence generated answer and indeed, marine pen passed into the second round. after that, the following question was posted the application: "the rst round the french presidential election was held april candidate won majority, runo election between the top two candidates, emmanuel macron and marine pen, will held may will pen win the french presidential election?" may, hybrid intelligence deemed the probability marine pen becoming president may, emmanuel macron was elected president france. thus, cindicator's hybrid intelligence accurately predicted the results the presidential elections france. however, the answers received from hybrid intelligence, both correct and incorrect predictions, which need interpreted the right way, can also used trading signals. for example, prior the presidential election, not many people believed donald trump's victory, and cindicator's forecasters estimated his chances winning however, opinion polls showed that trump and clinton were keeping pace with each other. history shows that such cases, when public opinion absolutely against facts (which show equal chances both events), black swans often appear. expectation speculation around the election november, our analysts asked number questions and then completed several successful trades based those questions. for more information, please see our blog medium: volatility index: +.% one trade; e-mini s&p futures: less than hours. thus, the signals received from hybrid intelligence can inverted some cases complete pro table trades. binary price-related questions addition questions related events, binary questions are used when there need determine price movement. for example, need know whether the price asset will rise certain level. asking such question, receive indicator that shows the probability the price achieving this level. for instance, october, wanted accurate price forecast regarding oil futures. therefore, posted the following question the cindicator app: "oil climbed above barrel for the rst time since june declines u.s. crude inventories and opec's pledge reduce supply lifted hopes the global glut may clear. will wti futures surge above before october?" received the signal that the probability such price movement was october, the price rose $.; our traders closed their position with pro .%, without further price increase expectations. question regarding the cryptocurrency foldingcoin, put hybrid intelligence june, another example price binary event. "the cryptocurrency foldingcoin (fldc/btc) rose more than and settled poloniex exchange thursday, june will foldingcoin surge above before june?" hybrid intelligence answered "yes". indeed, june, foldingcoin exceeded june, its price reached peak showing almost growth over the price the time the question being posted. binary signals can complement each other create comprehensive picture the current market situation. thus, the next example contains binary question that was asked right after net published its quarterly report and aimed understanding the term increase share price the report: "shares net ix, inc. (nflx) closed the week ending october higher after the company reported far stronger-than-expected earnings per share monday, october will net stock drop below before november hybrid intelligence estimated such probability indeed, until november the price was above per share. here's another example making trade using series questions. may the market saw adjustment cryptocurrencies following rapid increase. cindicator posted series questions regarding litecoin, which provided with signal buy. "the cryptocurrency litecoin (ltc/usdt) settled poloniex exchange tuesday, june. will ltc/usdt drop below before june? "the cryptocurrency litecoin (ltc/usdt) settled poloniex exchange thursday, june. will ltc/usdt rise above before june?" according hybrid intelligence, the answer the rst question was no, and the answer the second question was yes. thus, our traders purchased litecoin with stop below using these signals. for more information, see our post medium: litecoin: three weeks. here are some more examples binary price-related questions: oil futures: swing trades with crowd indicator. +.% few days; oil futures: +.% two days. binary signals show high accuracy: the average accuracy this type signal (the model trained with over forecasts). trading with the use various binary signals main auxiliary tool can provide interesting nancial results. thus, from july february increased our model portfolio using only binary signals and trading traditional markets. cindicator's model portfolio return (result binary question interpretation), you can see more examples binary questions this google spreadsheet. price-related questions along with probability questions, cindicator introduced price questions january the questions were tested beforehand with group forecasters special challenge october-december when the signals produced excellent results. for example, needed get trade signal and entry/exit prices based minimum/maximum signals for alphabet inc. (goog) for monday, march, friday, march, created the following question our mobile app: "shares alphabet, inc. (goog) closed friday, march. your opinion, what will the maximum and the minimum price goog monday, march during market hours?" usually, such events, forecasters can provide their prediction the minimum and maximum price nancial assets before the market opens (in our example, before et, march). right after the question closes (deadline), the arti cial intelligence system synthesises accurate forecasts using machine learning algorithms based the accumulated statistics predicted forecasters. our system uses forward and back-tests the history synthesised predictions calculate entry and exit points for goog shares with the optimal risk/reward ratio. this example, the signal was very accurate: the predicted minimum was $., and the actual minimum was (an error .%); the predicted maximum was $., and the actual maximum was (an error .%). the net pro for goog, after all transaction costs, amounted two trades one day. the charts below demonstrate the accuracy the signals (all price levels are calculated hybrid intelligence before market opening): another example: entry signals for spy (spdr s&p etf), find more examples min/max price signals our blog: amazon: +.% few days; facebook: +.% few hours; dollar tree: just minutes; visa: just minutes; apple: +.% one hour. similar other cindicator signals, min/max signals are universal and can applied any assets: cryptocurrencies, stocks, futures, currency pairs, etc. also, generating these signals possible for various time frames e.g. daily, weekly, monthly, quarterly. speci questions related the crypto-market, well questions with long-term time frames, linked higher volatility. our regular weekly crypto-signals are example how our technology deals with high volatility. twice week, receive hybrid intelligence signals the top three cryptoassets terms capitalisation: bitcoin, ethereum, and ripple. for example, here one questions related bitcoin: "[#weekly]. the cryptocurrency bitcoin settled wednesday, june. your opinion, what will the maximum and minimum price btc/usdt over the next days (from thursday, june until monday, june)?" the signals received with regard bitcoin question were quite accurate and are clearly represented the following chart: bitcoin (btc/usdt), similarly, the example regarding ripple looks follows: "[#weekly]. the cryptocurrency ripple settled sunday, june. your opinion, what will the maximum and the minimum price xrp/usdt over the next days (from monday, june until thursday, june)?" these signals also turned out accurate, which can clearly seen from the chart below: ripple (xrp/usdt), the min/max signals for price levels can used build numerous trading strategies serve indicator important support and resistance levels. using simple counter-trend strategy (purchase the min level and sell the max level), managed reach return traditional markets from october march from october february trades were not carried out daily basis, there were only trading days. thus, the annual pro tability this strategy was .%. the min/max signals return (selling the max level, purchasing the min level), examples minimum-maximum price signals can seen this spreadsheet: link. such strategy yields good results for crypto-assets, particularly bitcoins. weekly min/max signals described detail above showed about yield over the last six months p.a.) with bitcoin. the same time, these signals are countertrend, and the fact that they perform successfully trendy bull market matter healthy optimism. also noteworthy the fact that this strategy works well the short side tooshort selling brought almost twice much pro longs (buying asset), vs. .%, which recognised solid gain bull market. the min/max signals return for bitcoins (selling the max level, purchased the min level), planned new data types, signals and indicators since july new type price-related question has been addedquestions pointing single price level. these may questions related the open and close prices nancial asset, the price asset given moment, associated with reaching certain level, and on. for example: "shares nike, inc. (nke) closed friday, june. your opinion, what will the close price nike stock monday, july?" since may have also been testing new type signal group forecasters who are consistently the top the monthly rating. users are required choose assets that they think should bought sold (short selling), well assets for which transactions should not made. users should also provide stop loss and take pro prices for those assets that they choose buy sell. for example, the question formulated follows: "what should with the cryptocurrency ethereum (eth/usd) the coming week: buy, sell nothing? the position will opened monday, may, and will closed friday, may." all forecasters provide their predictions for this asset. they choose action (buy sell), they also need set stop-loss and take-pro orders for their position. this way each person can 'manage' their own investment position, choosing the expected direction and risk/pro parameters. for example, one the users answers that ethereum should sold with stop-loss and take-pro the second user chooses option buying (with stop-loss and take-pro third user indicates that nothing needs done, and on. then it's the arti cial intelligence algorithm's turn: aggregates the forecasters' predictions into single one, determining which action should taken and with what parameters. our example, hybrid intelligence decided that this week ethereum should bought with take-pro and stoploss the condition that the position opens the opening price monday. neither the take-pro nor stop-loss achieved, then the position will closed friday. indeed, ethereum price increased, and this signal brought the model portfolio pro more than over the course days. for one month the pro such signals was the stock market and the market crypto-currencies (only three crypto-assets were used trading: bitcoin, ethereum, and ripple). consider excellent result and plan add such questions the application the near future. the development signals which the task hybrid intelligence rank assets certain basis being actively pursued. for example, the companies conducting ico the nearest month need arranged according the degree their probable success trustworthiness. each forecaster gets points and the list planned icos the current month, shown the example below: aeternity bancor civic cofound.it monaco omisego sonm status the forecaster should then rank the proposed ico based the degree expected success (expressed, for example, the growth the price token over certain period) personal trust therein. this, the forecaster distributes the points among them, giving more points companies expected achieve greater success with the ico. the arti cial intelligence system then aggregates the scores from all forecasters and determines which icos will the most successful. tests for the stock market held november (where forecasters were required rank the shares dozens companies based expected growth their share price for the coming week) showed the consistency these signals standalone indicator and one the support indicators making investment decisions. another promising area our research are signals which forecasters need specify date answering the question. for example, are interested this type event: "when you think any country will issue national cryptocurrency?" this event: "on what day will ethereum break $?" forecaster will name the date, and arti cial intelligence, its turn, will aggregate all predictions forecasters into single signal. planned new analytical products the experiments conducted and the results achieved our colleagues studying various aspects the operation collective intelligence will enable create the following set analytical products, which will integrated into the overall capital management infrastructure: assessing the power and uence news markets. forecasters are oered potential news hooks events that will occur the future and required assess the direction motion (whether this may lead increase drop the price asset), well the impact such motion; uniting forecasters centralised groups (depending the predictions' accuracy particular cluster) and linking these groups decentralised structure (forecasters group collectively make predictions, which are further aggregated arti cial intelligence between dierent groups create dierent data sets and trading signals); access analytics from superforecasters (signals exclusively from the top ranked forecasters; channels for direct interaction with superforecasters for any category interest, e.g., long-term bitcoin analytics); analysis the existing investment portfolio particular trader collective intelligence; thermal geographic map the market showing anticipated price increase/decrease for certain asset. the map compiled the basis predictions forecasters from dierent regions. for example, users taken together expect increase bitcoin over the next quarter, citizens china expect and citizens germany only thus, the map will explicitly show the distribution expectations for the growth/decline various assets. public experiment with moscow exchange january launched public experiment with moscow exchange (moex), one europe's biggest exchanges. moscow exchange also one the ten largest exchange platforms for derivatives trading globally (according the world federation exchanges monthly report statistics). this experiment, completed trades based the synergy arti cial intelligence and the collective intelligence people with varied professional experience, united common goal. addition, every participant had personal motivation. carry out this experiment, collected new sample unrelated people: the participants had never made trades the exchange before; had various investment experiences. received min/max levels forecasts) from our forecasters regarding four nancial assets (usd/rub futures, brent oil futures, silver futures, and gold futures) for three weeks daily basis, excluding weekends and holidays. after receiving forecasts, the robot aggregated them into signal (including the entry level, stop loss, and take pro and simulated the trades. the experiment was public, posted all entry levels our telegram public channel daily basis prior market opening. based the forecasts, cindicator's robot modelled trades, which were pro table, over the course the experiment. the completed trades showed return days, which equal p.a. the result this pilot proved the ciency the hybrid intelligence ecosystem even with non-trained (on the computer learning models used us) sample forecasters. total gain, public experiment with moscow exchange from //: entry/exit signals for usd/rub exchange rate futures, entry/exit signals for brent oil futures, entry/exit signals for gold futures, article highlighting the results public experiment with the moscow exchange (original post the website the moscow exchange). trades made during public experiment. team and stages development team the cindicator team has been created synergy like-minded people with variety expertise. about the team members are graduates top stem universities. mike brusov had the idea creating application for users where they can make various nancial, political, and sports forecasts while competing with one another. studying collective intelligence and the data generated numerous diverse individuals was one his professional activities from mike, one the wobot startup founders (an automated service for monitoring and analysing data generated users social media) studied the correlations between media coverage numerous internet posts that contained diering sentiments and realities. mike collected the required initial investment and invited his future partners, yury lobyntsev and artem baranov, join him exploring the potential collective intelligence. yury lobyntsev has been working with computer systems and programming large-scale software systems since early childhood. the same time has been exploring the phenomena intelligence, mind, and consciousness. yury founded his rst tech business, the oumobile studio, which engaged tech development for mobile startups. artem baranov established digital product development company, which emerged from popular st. petersburg local app most have. distinguished his sense style, laconic manner, and ability apply new technologies everyday life. steady progress the business required growth and strengthening the companys position the digital product development market this was the reason for merging with yury's team yury and artem jointly established the octabrain neurolaboratory, which undertook investment and r&d for startups and innovation projects. the company was working the eld neurointerfaces (braincomputer interfaces), and neural networks. through octabrain, they organised team neuroscientists and digital product developers explore and invent intelligent systems for human-machine interaction. mike, yury, and artem then united and began studying collective intelligence systems. after the release the rst version the collective forecasting platform december was con rmed that among random group individuals there were who very accurately predicted the answers certain types questions. researchers philip tetlock and den gardner called these individuals superforecasters their studies. became clear that the wisdom crowds' accuracy would signi cantly enhanced statistical analysis these forecasters accuracy. therefore, the cindicator team began growing its expertise data science and machine learning. data scientist alexander frolov was the rst one who joined the team. after the arrival the mathematician, teacher mathematical methods, and backend developer, the technical team began strengthen its mathematical and data analysis expertise the domains data processing and arti cial intelligence modeling. following the decision focus nances and investments while building the ecosystem, kate and nodari joined the team: highly experienced managing large positions, trading global stock, futures, foreign exchange, and cryptocurrency markets, these traders have worked nance for over ten years. their comprehensive expertise allows cindicator seek new ways apply hybrid intelligence various spheres nancial markets. current progress the company december saw the global release the rst ios-based version the platform. this was step forward towards the creation collective intelligence system the required size. january the team was invited several startup accelerators and chose starta accelerator due its location the heart the global nancial system new york. once the acceleration program was successfully completed, cindicator raised during the pre-seed round venture investment. from june november the team worked the creation the rst set machine learning models, the further improvement the collective intelligence system (currently, there are over forecasters the platform), and the creation and forward testing various trading strategies the stock and foreign exchange markets. intermediate results con rmed number potheses and provided interesting results. january api for trading signals was launched, enabling the launch test integrations with hedge funds and three banks the following four months. that time, platforms were supplemented with the rst crypto-assets, followed internal experiments and related forward tests. from november march cindicator took part the rst batch the moscow exchange ntech incubator, where was ranked the topperforming startup. the company was granted for technology development from microsoft and became member the microsoft bizspark startup support program. april-may the company attracted from number ntech investors seed venture round. legal considerations legal are have approached the cindicator token sale comprehensive and responsible manner. given the uncertain status cryptocurrency and digital tokens various jurisdictions, spent signi cant amount time and resources analyze the legal status cindicator business model and the cnd tokens jurisdictions where plan operate. the united states, worked closely with velton zegelman pc, silicon valley law actively representing blockchain and cryptocurrency clients. gibraltar, the jurisdiction cindicator ltd (gibraltar) are working with isolas, leading and oldest law gibraltar. due the uncertain state regulation global scale, cannot guarantee the legality cindicator hybrid intelligence platform ability structure and license future investment fund based our platform any given jurisdiction. however, strive responsive and compliant company should face any regulatory inquiry. legal status cnd tokens cnd tokens are functional utility tokens designed for the cindicator hybrid intelligence platform. cnd tokens are not securities. once you purchase cnd tokens, they cannot refunded. not recommend buying cnd tokens for speculative investment purposes. you should buy cnd tokens participate the cindicator hybrid intelligence platform. cnd tokens are not equated with participation vote, inc. and/or cindicator ltd (gibraltar) and cnd token holders have equity, governance, any other rights either company. cnd tokens are sold digital asset, similar downloadable software, digital music, and alike. not recommend purchasing cnd tokens unless you have prior experience with cryptographic tokens and blockchain-based software. legal status crowdsourced forecasting platforms there uni regulatory framework applicable crowdsourced forecasting platforms. these products and services are regulated some jurisdictions based existing gaming and/or nancial services regulatory frameworks, while they are left unregulated others. before targeting particular jurisdiction, will conduct legal due diligence analysis applicable regulations such jurisdiction. depending the regulatory burden and steps involved, will then either take the necessary steps obtain any required licenses and/or permits such jurisdiction withhold from operating such jurisdiction. for the convenience our users, cindicator white paper, website and other related documents are available number languages. the event there any con ict between the english language version and foreign language version, the english language version shall govern. conclusion cindicators ultimate goal set decentralised intellectual technology that eectively implements the potential hybrid intelligence for the bene all participants the ecosystem. the future the technology strives fully automated: the only resource necessary for function will the mental investment the analysts. hybrid intelligence anticipates being used not only nancial and economic markets, but also art, politics, sports, business, technologies, and science the future. cindicators token sale excellent opportunity join the development symbiotic relationship between the minds people and machines. risk factors and disclaimers this document does not constitute offer sell, invitation induce offer, solicitation offer acquire securities. this document provided for informational purposes only and does not constitute investment advice. the sale cnd tokens constitutes the sale legal software product under gibraltar law. this product sale conducted cindicator ltd (gibraltar), gibraltar private limited company, operating under gibraltar law. the responsibility each potential purchaser cnd tokens determine the purchaser can legally purchase cnd tokens the purchasers jurisdiction and whether the purchaser can then resell the cnd tokens another purchaser any given jurisdiction. all potential risks can assessed here. our white paper may contain 'forward looking statements' that is, statements related future, not past, events. this context, forward-looking statements often address our expected future business and financial performance, the performance, and accuracy cindicator hybrid intelligence platform, and often contain words such 'expect', 'anticipate', 'intend', 'plan', 'believe', 'seek', 'see', 'will', 'would', 'estimate', 'forecast' 'target'. such forward looking statements their nature address matters that are, different degrees, uncertain. cannot guarantee that any forward looking statements, backtests experiments made expected results operation cindicator hybrid intelligence platform will correlate with the actual future facts results. for the convenience our users, cindicator white paper, website and other related documents are available number languages. the event there any conflict between the english language version and foreign language version, the english language version shall govern. references the wisdom crowds (the wisdom crowds: why the many are smarter than the few and how collective wisdom shapes business, economies, societies and nations james surowiecki, https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_wisdom_of_crowds the good judgment project (philip tetlock, barbara mellers, don moore). https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_good_judgment_project intelligence advanced research projects activity. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/intelligence_advanced_research... superforecasting: the art and science prediction (philip tetlock, https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/superforecasting iowa electronic markets. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/iowa_electronic... delphi method. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/delphi_method reference class forecasting. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/reference... consensus forecast. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/consensus_forecast shubharthi dey, yash kumar, snehanshu saha, suryoday basak. forecasting classi cation: predicting the direction stock market price using xtreme gradient boosting. https://www.rsearchgate.net/publication/_forecasting_to... shunrong shen, haomiao jiang, tongda zhang. stock market forecast-ing using machine learning algorithms. http://cs.stanford.edu/proj/shenjiangzhang-stockmarket... ina khandelwal, ratnadipadhikari, ghanshyamverma. time series forecasting using hybrid arima and ann models based dwt de-composition. http://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/s erhan bayraktar, vincent poor, ronnie sircar. estimating the fractal dimension the s&p index using wavelet analysis. https://www.princeton.edu/ sircar/public/articles/bps.pdf takeshi inagaki. critical ising model https://arxiv.org/abs/cond-mat/ and robert nau. arima models for time https://people.duke.edu/ rnau/arim.htm#pdq financial series market. forecasting. paulo rotela junior, fernando luiz riera salomon, edson oliveira pamplona. arima: applied time series forecasting model for the bovespa stock index. https:// le.scirp.org/pdf/am_.pdf