social public opinion polls the blockchain. whitepaper "public opinion the thermometer monarch should constantly consult." napoleon bonaparte the problem recent times, public opinion data has been manipulated suit various political, social and corporate agendas. opinion polls reported many issues are wildly inaccurate. these fabricated heavily biased opinion polls are designed alter real public opinions. people are not being provided with accurate picture what the general public really wants. our solution clearpoll aims provide more accurate public opinion data. this allowing wider participation, making polls easily accessible via our clearpoll app. allow our users vote topics, and then the topics with the most votes become active polls for everyone vote on. that means that people are deciding what matters them most, and then people are voting that issue. there one person what people corporation making decisions which questions are asked, which poll results are really think? made public. incredibly transparent and accurate way gauging public opinion. how can sure? social public opinion polls the blockchain intend use blockchain technology record votes polls. this means that once vote has been cast poll, sent the blockchain, and cannot changed removed. final poll results are also stored the blockchain, meaning poll result data final and publicly viewable all clearpoll users. nobody can hide manipulate what the general public has say. clearpoll will redefine how public opinion measured and reported. this will have strong influence mainstream media. will far more difficult persuade the general public think and feel certain way, when can all observe the data that clearpoll, the new consensus accurate and current public opinion, will provide. well encouraging more transparent and accurate media, the data provided clearpoll will allow corporations, governments and other groups properly strategise and respond accurate public opinion data. government does not understand what its people want, cannot possibly provide the best solution. clearpoll will make easy for everyone quickly find accurate public opinion data. will provide clear picture not only what people want, but perhaps why they want it. "government organized opinion. where there little public opinion, there likely bad government." mackenzie king find poll view live results vote share results sent blockchain case examples november various mainstream media outlets were reporting that hillary clinton had over chance winning the election and becoming the next president the united states. this was based "opinion polls" which were clearly not accurate depiction what all americans were thinking the time. these opinion polls are often sponsored organisation invested the result, and can designed alter real public opinion. less than hours after some these headlines were published, donald trump won the election what could only called landslide. had clearpoll existed the time, would have been very easy see that was least close race, and more voters would have been encouraged participate, potentially affecting the outcome. many voters failed vote all, due the latest data suggesting their votes were not likely make difference the result. this example how reporting inaccurate public opinion data can make real difference society. "survey finds hillary clinton has 'more than chance' winning election over donald trump." independent.co.uk nov another recent example was brexit. again, mainstream media and even bookmakers were widely reporting, right down the final days before the referendum vote, that there was almost chance britain would leave the eu. most reports was estimated that there was least chance britain remaining the eu. whether not these reports were designed affect real public opinion, don't know. the data was quite simply not accurate snapshot real public opinion. clearpoll data will far more accurate due its wider audience and easily accessible system. www.independent.co.uk/news/world/americas/sam-wang-princeton-election-consortium-poll-hillary-clinton-donald-trump-victory-a.html clearpoll designed primarily mobile application, however also plan delivering desktop browser platform, plus clearpoll plus subscription based advanced metrics system. the mobile app works very simple way. designed that the widest possible audience can successfully use it. don't want limit the voting demographic people with technical skills. users will download from all the major app stores, across android and ios. they can then install the app, and create account. accounts are not stored the blockchain, only votes and poll results are. believe private citizen able affect public opinion constructive way doesn't have elected public servant perform public service." warren beatty finding and voting poll the user can easily search for polls keyword, they can browse categories. poll categories include politics, human rights, entertainment, sport and more. the user can easily filter down from global polls national even local. when the user finds poll that they care about, they can vote. their vote sent the blockchain where stored securely. nobody can change remove it, not even us. after voting, they can view the current poll results. clearpoll features various charts and graphs showing realtime statistics. users can view statistics location, and even the hour. local poll can only voted user within that region, there won't case user sydney voting issue specific londoners, unless the poll creator designed "global poll". polls are active for hours, giving everyone chance vote regardless their time zone. suggesting topic poll does not exist for issue that means lot the user, they can suggest topic. other users then vote their topic, based whether not they would like see become active poll. this system means that not only people decide the outcome polls, but they also decide what important the first place. topics that have the most votes (at least top half the ranking) after hours will become active polls. for example there are topics suggested, and your topic the top when its hours expires, will become active poll. this system allows more important urgent issues leapfrog topic and become active poll. unsuccessful topics can always resubmitted another time. "one cannot wage war under present conditions without the support public opinion, which tremendously molded the press and other forms propaganda." douglas macarthur sharing understand that social sharing essential raising public awareness, and something people choice. clearpoll offers the option sharing your latest vote, well sharing entire poll, across major social networks, including: each poll has unique identifying number, for example which makes easy for user search for that specific active historical poll. the unique number system creates great opportunity for more sharing, such wearing poll result merchandise. imagine group people wearing "#" tees protest. their message loud and social media has clear, the people have spoken their issue and it's easy for you find those results. become the method choice for people share what they stand for. clearpoll will utilise this, plus create new ways help people heard. the desktop browser version well creating the clearpoll app, will develop desktop version clearpoll. users can login and easily view the latest polls they have voted on, well share each one. they can view final poll results and statistics how their opinion measured up. they can also view upcoming social events near them, and easily shop for merchandise. the desktop platform hub for user account activity, whereas the app designed primarily for voting. users cannot vote desktop, they can only vote via the mobile app. the desktop platform can not send transactions the blockchain, however does source data from the blockchain. "the american people should made aware the trend toward monopolization the great public information vehicles and the concentration more and more power over public opinion fewer and fewer hands." spiro agnew ata aim provide method for individuals corporations easily embed widgets displaying current and historical poll results. featuring realtime data, clearpoll widgets will great way help grow the clearpoll brand and make simple for journalists and others reference and report accurate public opinion data. most users the clearpoll app will able view lot interesting data, such votes the hour, and location based results. however, plan provide additional service which call clearpoll plus. this advanced service will allow individuals corporations subscribe advanced metrics. they will able view and filter data including age, gender, location down city even suburb level, well much more. this data will serve extremely powerful and valuable tool for market research well journalism, just for greater understanding public opinion trends. the data not personal data, there are names, addresses any other identifying metrics. cumulative data. the only way subscribe clearpoll plus, purchasing with clearpoll tokens (poll). this will create high demand for the tokens, theoretically increasing their value. "public opinion can individual corporation purchases poll tokens from token exchange they purchase clearpoll plus subscription with their poll tokens they can access advanced metrics clearpoll polls. token revenue from clearpoll plus will used rewards for nodes, after the initial influential. the media can influential" noam chomsky allocation node tokens exhausted (see section for node rewards). clearpoll advertising network well clearpoll plus creating demand for poll tokens, are also launching our own advertising network, whereby advertisers can purchase space the clearpoll app and desktop platform. order ensure poll voting not influenced advertising, will only show ads the poll result areas never pre-vote. examples advertising space system diagram clearpoll app poll results clearpoll blockchain user casts vote via clearpoll app clearpoll desktop poll results node node node node node node clearpoll widgets realtime data node node node base metrics (public access) clearpoll plus advanced metrics private subscription paid only with poll tokens, creating healthy demand. clearpoll advertising space space purchased only with poll tokens. ads only offered poll result sections, never pre-vote. sponsored polls also offer great marketing insights and can only obtained with poll tokens. poll tokens from clearpoll plus feed back into the node reward pool. sponsored polls perhaps the most valuable additional service clearpoll offers "sponsored polls". corporate clients can publish poll their choice, exchanging poll tokens. sponsored poll feature special separate section within the clearpoll app. they are not mixed with user generated polls. sponsored polls come with free clearpoll plus analytics for that specific poll, giving great insight into the responses. sponsored polls are incredibly valuable marketing tool and are likely drive demand for poll tokens even higher. star polls unique service, offering stars, celebrities and people influence the opportunity poll their fans, within the clearpoll app. this offers great exposure potentially new audience, and provides platform promote products causes. we're already busy signing stars, and launch, will have great list stars ready go. including actors, athletes, groups and influencers. our blockchain solution clearpoll requires the ability process millions blockchain interactions fast and efficient manner every day. for these reasons our developers are looking creating independant distributed ledger that not reliant any existing blockchain networks. after extensive research have settled the best possible solution for our requirements, which running our own blockchain, based ethereum. "the american people should made aware moved away from hyperledger due issues with scaling and support. there's not the trend toward enough documentation and general use ensure that the platform will continue monopolization the supported and can scale the size need. great public information instead are using private blockchain inspired ethereum. took the basics vehicles and the the ethereum chain and improved speed and reliability. changing the algorithms concentration more behind consensus and mining are able use platform that works when need it, and more power over every time need it. public opinion fewer have successfully built working prototype and tested it, including stress testing and fewer hands." with thousands votes per second being recorded. video our initial testing available our website. spiro agnew clearpoll tokens (poll) will creating tokens known clearpoll (poll). the number tokens generated subject the funding received during our preico and ico. clearpoll tokens are erc token, meaning you can easily manage them from your ether wallets. token: clearpoll (poll) soft cap: poll hard cap: poll intend issue all tokens crowdfund investors. full breakdown token allocation follows: believe private citizen able affect tokens burned public opinion node rewards business expenses (eg. marketing and promotions) constructive way doesn't have elected public servant dev team advisors perform public service." warren beatty crowdfund investors (pre-ico and ico) pre-ico and ico token discounts the number tokens per ether will reduced each stage the pre-ico and ico completes. early investors have the chance bonus compared the final stage the ico. tokens per ether: pre-ico eth poll pre-ico stage eth poll pre-ico stage eth poll ico stage eth poll ico stage eth poll ico stage eth poll ico stage eth poll rate increased due eth/usd value increase after stage ended ico stage eth poll ico stage eth poll rate increased due eth/usd value increase after stage ended rate increased due eth/usd value increase after stage ended intend issue bonus coins users who wish act nodes the blockchain network. users can apply become node, and will acquire their details and provide them with regular poll tokens exchange for their service. once the tokens have reserved for node rewards have all been claimed, will continue issue poll tokens nodes. these tokens will come from clearpoll plus revenue. have clear vision how and when can deliver various stages the clearpoll project, based various levels funding. are realists. understand that more funding means faster development, with more features and increased marketing budget. require minimum funding million poll tokens sold, order develop the clearpoll app its most basic form, including blockchain functionality, basic poll creation and voting and advertising space. are unable raise the minimum amount, will refund all contributors and the project will not commence. roadmap the clearpoll team will everything within its power follow the roadmap outlined below. there may unforeseen circumstances that cause delay, however have every intention delivering finished product time, earlier. official launch date will announced the near future. september october pre-ico stages september october ico stages commence october and ends october commence development clearpoll app, clearpoll plus and desktop version. begin signing alpha testers. begin marketing build interest for launch. generate poll tokens and distribute all investors via their eth address. list poll major exchange. november working user interface shown app. graphics completed. user authentication system created. december poll topic system created. poll results charts and graphs working. alpha testing commences. january develop node software. february march july august continue work additional features, advertising network. finalise basic app development including addressing all feedback from alpha testing. commence major pre-launch marketing campaign prepare final submissions ios app store and google play store launch clearpoll all clearpoll poll token revenue collected, will returned clearpoll users the form rewards system. rewards are paid out for content generation (creating polls) and also sponsored poll participation. clearpoll user rewards company revenue users earn poll tokens just for using clearpoll. company revenue users earn points for creating good poll questions (based votes the poll receives) and also for participation sponsored polls. locked for days holding wallet cannot accessed during that time. end each month, points are converted into poll tokens. the rate will depend the user's performance against all other users. for example, the user with the most points, will receive the largest share poll tokens. after days, released company, use own discretion (held, sold exchange for usable profit). users enter their poll address into the app submit request withdraw their balance minimum withdrawal limit applies). clearpoll sends out all claimed poll withdrawals during the following month. only users that have entered their poll address into the app will eligible for share the poll rewards for that month. creating social apps lengthy and complicated process. the clearpoll project particular will very heavy software, mobile app and blockchain development hours. have assembled very capable team, with experience specifically these areas. our breakdown funding use follows: product development and management general and administrative expenses dev team advisors marketing, sales and "for every ruler alien that defies public opinion." mahatma gandhi marketing surplus the above chart shows the approximate funding amounts based hitting our targets each ico stage. should exceed the funding that are aiming for, the surplus will used primarily for additional marketing after product launch. all ico funding goals reached excess funding additional marketing our team we've hand-picked the best possible team for the clearpoll project. have every aspect design, development and marketing covered and most importantly, have all worked together extensively the past, with great results. daniel abela director lead designer daniel has operated his own successful design business for the past years. also one half very successful indie mobile app development team, with over million installs across their titles. daniel the lead designer clearpoll and with vast experience working highly productive environments, has great understanding how bring concept reality. robert culley director lead developer robert experienced industrial designer and very successful mobile app developer, being the other half the indie mobile app development team with daniel. robert's expertise has been highly sought after his field, and has worked alongside some the most exciting new tech startups designer and developer. robert has "anything possible" attitude which necessary for project such clearpoll. "there power public opinion this country and thank god for it: for the most honest and best all simon cocking powers which will not advisor tolerate incompetent simon senior editor ireland's number tech site, irishtechnews.ie. his experience and knowledge the tech field and specifically regards new startups incredibly valuable our team. simon industry leader having previously held ted talks. unworthy man hold his weak wicked hands the lives and alex dahan fortunes his fellow advisor citizens." alex the founder openinfluence, featured forbes under the area marketing advertising. specialises social media marketing, and has passion for blockchain technology particular. alex great fit for our team and his skillset, experience and enthusiasm will help grow the clearpoll brand. martin van buren evgeny ardashev designer evgeny senior designer one australia's largest corporations. has extensive experience across the board, from graphic design industrial design, well development experience. evgeny renowned for his ability create designs that are not only beautiful, but achieve the best possible results. adrian daluz software developer adrian graduated with b.sc computer science, inter-networking and security from murdoch university. his expertise welcome addition our team and his skills will put work creating the most practical, efficient and secure final product. adrian very capable software developer and adapts well quickly changing industry, including blockchain technology. chris hitchins developer with b.sc computer science from murdoch university, chris experienced web and mobile app developer with great attitude towards achieving the best result, regardless what required. has excellent ability quickly adapt current trends and techniques. kenneth johnson developer kenneth studying computer science murdoch university and has already worked developer successful mobile apps. with vast experience technical project management, key part our team. kenneth has worked with some australia's leading companies, and has great ability create the best technical solutions for any project part of. doug messer marketing doug messer the founder and ceo university beyond, technology startup that helps major brands build, manage and scale college influencer programs increase their products usage and awareness. has worked with over brands including amazon, starbucks, pepsi, adobe, brooks brother, at&t, dell, uber, and google. doug has been featured publications including cnn, the new york times, inc magazine, entrepreneur, usa today and techcrunch. jon thompson marketing jon marketing and social media professional experienced building relationships, engaging social communities and has vast experience working with diverse portfolio brands tell their story creative and innovative way. jon's experience includes social and marketing work with snapchat and mars. "polling merely instrument for gauging public opinion. when president any other leader pays attention poll results, is, effect, paying attention sean graham advisor sean brings decades business management experience our team. having developed his own original technology within the financial services industry, also has thorough understanding what takes bring cutting edge tech applications market. sean well-respected member his local community, having been heavily involved with charity over the years. the views the people." george gallup luke hedger developer luke studied computer science, software and web development deakin university and important member our team, web developer. luke has operated his own business for years, well launched several successful tech startups. luke has great ability work through problems and create the best possible result. nextech developments perth, western australia abn: email: info@clearpoll.io web: www.clearpoll.io facebook: facebook.com/voteclearpoll twitter: @voteclearpoll disclaimer this document for informational purposes only and does not constitute offer solicitation sell shares securities nextech developments, clearpoll any related associated company. any such offer solicitation would only made confidential offering memorandum and accordance with applicable securities and other laws. none the information analyses presented are intended form the basis for any investment decision, and specific recommendations are intended. accordingly, this document does not constitute investment advice counsel solicitation for investment any security. this document does not constitute form part of, and should not construed as, any offer for sale subscription of, any invitation offer buy subscribe for, any securities, nor should any part form the basis relied any connection with, any contract commitment whatsoever. nextech developments expressly disclaims any and all responsibility for any direct consequential loss damage any kind whatsoever arising directly indirectly from: (i) reliance any information contained this document, (ii) any error, omission inaccuracy any such information (iii) any action resulting therefrom. the clearpoll token, "poll", cryptographic token. poll not cryptocurrency. the time this writing, (i) poll cannot exchanged for goods services and (ii) poll cannot traded any known exchanges this time, however plan list poll token exchanges the near future. there guarantee that the poll you purchase will increase value. may decrease value. poll not evidence ownership right control. controlling poll does not grant its controller ownership equity. poll does not grant any right participate the control, direction decision making clearpoll. refunds contribution refunds will only given clearpoll does not reach its minimum funding goal million poll tokens sold via crowdsale. any other refunds will the discretion clearpoll. generation and distribution poll tokens poll tokens will generated after the completion the final stage the token sale. poll tokens will distributed back the same eth address that the contributions arrived from. exchange rates the ratio eth, btc neo poll will remain constant throughout each stage the token sale, regardless any fluctuations price each cryptocurrency. token sale participation the responsibility the participants the pre-ico and ico token sale ensure they are legally allowed exchange eth, btc neo for poll tokens, their country domicile. nextech developements accepts responsibility for illegal participation, and does not have access locations each participant. nextech developments australian company and operates under australian laws and regulations. invest the power people (c) copyright nextech developments all rights reserved