coimatic global decentralized blockchain deal and discount marketplace white paper coimatic white paper table contents description introduction and vision the daily deal discount coupon model the discount coupon model the business perspective the limitations the discount deal model the coimatic project how the coimatic marketplace will operate advantages coimatic compared the traditional sites project timeline summary coimatic white paper page coimatic introduction and vision coimatic designed help the crypto community buy and sell goods online using its own cryptocurrency. the objective offer the community buy and sell range discounted goods and services from thousands online merchants via coimatic's in-built marketplace wallet. the coimatic project aims create daily deal and discount marketplace, where buyers, wherever they are the world, can access range both physical and digital goods and services heavily discounted prices some cases, for their part, sellers, irrespective their geographical location, can offer their products and services customers they would not normally able reach through traditional advertising and marketing campaigns and channels, enabling them expand their greatly expand their client base and revenue streams. coimatic, turn, will make money from levying commission the sellers' side. this means that all parties will gain through the marketplace the buyers, the sellers and coimatic itself. the coimatic concept based the daily-deal, coupon-based, discount promotion business model, the principal difference being that coimatic decentralised and blockchain-based, which means that available everyone, faster and more secure, and can applied any transaction, whatever the size amount. put the coimatic project fully context then, essential understand the these dailydeal, discount and coupon business models which based, well some their limitations which coimatic hopes address. the daily-deal discount coupon model there are number these discount coupon business operating today (although retrenchment and industry consolidation has seen the market shrink recent years) which all aim provide ecommerce marketplace connecting millions subscribers with local merchants, offering daily deals activities, travel, goods and services markets and countries. the business model relatively simple. every day platform will broadcast electronic coupon for restaurant and store particular town city, offering discount which varies form the normal purchase price product service. effect, the platform acting middleman, promoting restaurants, stores and merchants local area exchange for commission which paid the merchant every time there successful customer referral. for consumers, such platforms are free. daily basis the platform operator sends email subscribers particular area, notifying them the deal the day particular store restaurant, and offering discount, typically the retail price. the deal something that interests customer, they will buy electronic coupon directly from the site using their credit coimatic white paper card paypal, print off, and then take the relevant store restaurant where they will redeem it, commonly for double the value they paid for it. from the viewpoint the seller, the platform operator provides motivated customer base and promise achieve certain number sales per day. insufficient number customers fail sign-up for deal, then they not have honour the discount, nor pay any commission the platform provider. usually the opposite occurs and the discount platforms exceed their quota daily interested customers. such cases, all the customers who have accepted the offer enjoy the discounted deal, whilst the seller gets big influx new customers, and the platform provider gets commission each sale. the discount coupon model the business perspective from the perspective business there are number advantages from using these daily deal and discount coupon promotions. these include: the ability attract lots customers discounting deals help reach new customers who are looking for chance save money and who are not willing pay the full price for goods services which existing customer will accept. helps advertise the business coupon promotion can way announcing the existence business customers who were previously unaware it, with hopefully the implicit understanding that they will come back and buy their products services again. surveys have indicated that people who use such promotions return, intend return, business which has run such offer. furthermore, free feature business the platform once they have registered. also shares certain customer information with its merchants. for example, somebody has bought coupon through the site for particular product service, then the operator will share the customer's email address with the individual business that they can target them with relevant marketing messages, such informing them about forthcoming specials. helps clear unwanted slow-moving stock using coupon deal can very good way for business help move slow moving stock, under-utilised services. helps build customer relationships this especially true discount offered not one-time buy but spread over several occasions for example, rather than offer off one restaurant trip, the deal structured that discount available three successive visits. this encourages customers build long-term relationship with business. coimatic white paper can generate incremental income for online business, any sale, irrespective the margin, contributes fixed costs and overheads. even heavily discounted, business still generating some income from the sale that good service. should noted that, statistically, users such promotions typically spend more than the value deal with particular business service, this incremental revenue can substantial. the limitations the discount deal sites from customer viewpoint, there are several limitations the daily-deal, discount, and coupon model. one that deals are usually located one geographical area region, which means they are specific people that particular locality. another major issue that most the deals offered through such platforms are for products services which fall into the category wants, not needs. this means that, many cases, they are promoting services that buyers would not necessarily try without the incentive the discount. this can seen from the list the most popular deals these platforms which include: restaurants and bars; hotels, b&bs and getaways; spas and resorts yoga, pilates and various exercise classes; cosmetic surgery and dentistry; local classes; laundry and dry cleaning. addition, some promotions are restricted new first-time customers, whilst limitations use may apply other cases for example, restaurant deals may restricted the regular menu and exclude specials alcohol, will stipulate only one coupon per table. the coimatic project coimatic aims build the principles the daily-deal, discount couponmodel, and provide marketplace where buyers can interact with sellers who are offering range services and products daily deals heavily discounted prices. how the coimatic marketplace will operate the mechanics the coimatic marketplace are straightforward, both from the perspective the seller and the buyer. the first instance, sellers will register and apply for merchant account the coimatic site, whilst buyers will register for buyer account and subscribe the product and service categories which interest them. sellers will then offer their products and services very cheap rates some cases discounting using very special, time-limited coupons. coimatic white paper those buyers who have indicated their interest specific category product service will notified sms, email pop-up mobile device, that particular deal available, and the terms which being offered discount, time limit etc. they then wish ahead they can buy coupon using coimatic tokens the only means transaction available the coimatic marketplace and redeem the coupon with the retailer. the only catch from the consumer viewpoint that they are time-limited, that once deal announced, normally only available online for purchase for hours. there rush, however, redeem coupon the same day you buy it, typically they are valid for months. for their part, sellers get the opportunity attract new customers and leads, build customer relationships, and advertise their products and services global audience fraction traditional advertising and marketing costs. important that sellers realise that the purpose offering their goods and services discount loss leading price strategy. customers, who are initially attracted their online stores low prices, will return and buy more profitable items from them the future. coimatic commission structure whilst the marketplace will free buyers, coimatic will make its money charging commission the selling side. this will tiered encourage payment coimatic token and other digital currencies. merchants and vendors can choose paid one three ways via coimatic token bitcoin ethereum fiat currency. sellers choose accept the coimatic token means payment for their sales, they will charge commission; they choose accept bitcoin ethereum then the commission level adjusted and, they prefer payment fiat currency, then the commission level adjusted advantages coimatic compared the traditional platforms coimatic will offer several advantages over the traditional coupon-based discount businesses. firstly, will allow buyers and sellers from any part the world participate the scheme, whereas the existing platforms are essentially local transaction level i.e. offers and deals are usually local regional specific. this also means that discounts will available digital goods and services, whereas the vast majority the deals offered the current sites tend goods and services physical nature. another consequence this that transactions will faster. coupon can redeemed through online stores and vendors, the whole process physically printing out coupon and redeeming eliminated. instead the discount can applied virtually instantaneously against digital product service. coimatic white paper the nature the products and services currently covered traditional site promotions, discounts are usually offered relatively low value goods and services. however, with global marketplace and the security blockchain, there need for such limits restrictions. this should allow for much greater range and value goods and services available through the marketplace, which, turn, will enhance its attractiveness for both merchants and vendors. coimatic will global marketplace which will make even more attractive than existing discount sites both customers, and potential vendors and merchants who are considering joining the network. worth noting that many the traditional platforms operating this area have retrenched their operations recent years bid reduce operating costs, and that they longer provide the same market coverage that once did. this means that not only does not offer deals customers who are based certain locations, but its advertising reach not wide for vendors used be. coimatic will not face such issues. for consumers, the costs will also lower. the traditional platforms vouchers are typically bought through credit card paypal which occur transaction fees. coimatic vouchers will only bought via the token, which can exchanged with transaction fees. merchants and vendors also will benefit from the lower level commission that coimatic intends charge the selling side. for number vendors, one drawback the existing models that they can pay more the discount the platform operator the form commission. with the tiered commission scheme, this will drop low they accept payment coimatic token; and they prefer bitcoin ethereum. even the top tier for fiat currency, however, represents substantially less than the existing platforms are currently charging their merchants and vendors. project timeline the coimatic project was conceptualised early which was followed creation the website (www.coimatic.net/) and the coimatic token announcement the project and the listing the token the relevant exchanges are currently ongoing. initial steps for include the creation the basic marketplace and integration the project onto the coimatic blockchain. this will then followed advanced marketplace design, which will include the development partnerships with thousands merchants and online vendors who will sign-up sell their products and/or services through the site. this will also involve negotiation and agreement with the vendors the level commission payable coimatic. following this, the quarter should see the full launch the marketplace and the development and release android and ios app. coimatic white paper further expansion the site planned, more partners and merchants are brought on-board. this will supported intensive advertising and marketing campaign. should noted that one limiting factor for the project's expansion the speed with which the coimatic team can sign-up and register merchants and vendors the site. expected that the more vendors that sign-up, the more their competitors and peers will also want registered well. summary coimatic aims take the concept the daily deal discount business model and expand global blockchain-based business model. the project looks provide range benefits for consumers, and merchants and vendors, well the operator itself. for consumers this will mean the ability access range heavily discounted deals products and services from global network suppliers and merchants, with none the current geographical and physical limitations the current discount platforms. for merchants, for their part, they will able access whole new customer base, form long-term relationships with them, and sell additional products and services above and beyond those covered short-term promotions. they will also able advertise and market global audience fraction the cost associated with advertising through traditional channels and media. finally, coimatic will benefit from the commissions can levy merchants and vendors who sell through the network. essence then coimatic will offer all parties the blockchain the opportunity benefit from symbiotic relationship which will benefit all, and help the marketplace continually grow. coimatic white paper