human-to-blockchain interface version written consultation with atomrigs consulting, inc. index summary introduction problems solve solutions overview coinus wallet coinus keeper coinverse coinus wallet versatility multi-cryptocurrency wallet multi-language support multi-exchange rate managing dapp browser blockchain explorer asset portfolio management usability only one-time backup tokens auto discovery explore transaction history security -factor authentication off-line signing and trust zone technical approach hierarchical deterministic (hd) wallet index server another approach coinus keeper protocol coinverse coinverse overview identity management, kyc community commerce integration with dex instant coin swap ico token launcher index airdrop management based digital asset management micropayment payment gateway token economy design rationale resources for bootstrapping reward the stability utility tokens virtuous circle for continued growth preventing the concentration tokens and their value issuance and characteristics cnus bnus bancor price determination cnus supply control mechanism how acquire cnus cnus usages methods acquiring bnus reward balancing for long-term investment and contribution network growth limits pocket size coinverse services and reward system examples airdrop ico network community commerce network dex network actors coinverse actor wallet users actor coinverse community network administrators actor marketers and merchants actor bnus token holders road map token distribution company team partners advisors summary designed coinus wallet improve the ease ico, airdrops, and micropayments. this fragmen- use and security cryptocurrency wallets, tation makes very difficult and complicated for which are two the most paramount issues that individual users manage these services, and need addressed gain wider acceptance the lack integration causes significant con- general public. these two requirements of- fusion. the coinus wallet offers single point ten tend stand odds with each other, but connection between such functions using developed coinus wallet satisfy both them integrated service dubbed the coinverse, which instead sacrificing compromising one the maximizes user convenience. other. were able satisfy both requirements coalescing wallet interface that has been the success the coinus wallet and the coin- optimized for mobile and cryptocurrency tech- verse depends large part the quality their nologies with the coinus keeper ("keeper"), products and services. what equally critical hardware security device that meets the level here the design the crypto economy: how ef- standards required the financial industry. ficiently you build the user base and how fair and adequate the reward system for multitude the coinus wallet will beyond cryptocurrency participants who contribute the growth the storage and transfers serve bridge that network. with unprecedentedly sophisticated connects hitherto isolated elements the cryp- reward mechanism that underpins our growth tocurrency ecosystem. currently, the cryptocur- strategies, the coinus wallet creates optimum rency ecosystem fraught with distinct interfaces environment offer integrated services and en- and user environments provided different ser- sure user convenience and security, which effi- vices such trading exchanges, conversion ciently facilitates the process entering the mass between cryptocurrencies, commerce, transfers, market. human-to-blockchain interface asset management, decentralized applications, introduction problems solve cryptocurrency and blockchain technologies are widely recognized having the potential create new industry that would render the differences between traditional industries meaningless many parts the world. indeed, the ecosystem which takes advantage this potential growing dramatically. however, there are some hurdles overcome myriad decentralized applications based these technologies enter the mass market. some these prerequisites include technological scaling solution that can handle surge transactions within target deadline, the design sophisticated economic mechanism that sustains and grows decentralized system, and streamlined institutional framework that accommodates new industry innovations. worth noting here that other equally important issues are not receiving due attention. convenience vs. security for the general population, cryptocurrency wallet the most accessible decentralized application based cryptocurrency and blockchain technologies, and their convenience and security are the foremost importance. the problem that the two requirements are often conflict with each other. many cases, hardware wallets like the ledger and the trezor have some room for improvement terms user convenience because they focus only the safe storage cryptocurrencies, and result, they are simply used for long-term storage rather than day-to-day life. contrast, many mobile wallets developed only through software-oriented solutions are bound lag behind their hardware-based counterparts security they focus ease use and compatibility, which tends limit their usage low-value tokens. wanted develop solution that ensures maximum user convenience and provides the same higher levels security compared hardware wallets. the coinus wallet achieves these two goals adopting wallet interface that optimized for mobile and cryptocurrency technologies, and adding the keeper, proprietary hardware security device that offers the levels security required the financial industry. also provides significantly enhanced user convenience supports major currencies such bitcoin, ethereum, and eos, erc- tokens, and non-fungible tokens (nft) like erc through its single interface and security mechanism. human-to-blockchain interface siloed approach and poor user experience synergies between cryptocurrencies and the blockchain ecosystem require the parallel growth many different services. currently, key services the ecosystem include centralized exchanges, decentralized exchanges, host decentralized applications, cryptocurrency exchange/swap services, asset management, micropayments, decentralized commerce, advertising, icos for funding projects, and airdrops for initial coin/ token distribution. the ecosystem grows, greater number new services are expected appear. the problem that such services enter the ecosystem droves, users find very difficult keep with them because they have spend considerable amount time learning different types interfaces and familiarizing themselves with distinct sets complicated processes order use these services efficiently. larger number services means higher costs for building the user base, and the user experience more likely deteriorate rather than improve. cryptocurrencies and the blockchain ecosystem are grow hand hand, innovative improvement user experience critical. the coinus wallet offers integrated service environment dubbed the coinverse, which serves bridge that connects existing services the ecosystem with new ones that may appear going forward. the idea create environment which integrated interface allows individuals use single address identity access and use variety services. introduction the initial critical mass: challenge facing decentralized services many decentralized services are built upon innovative ideas that are designed deliver social values such fair distribution wealth, but they lack adequate bootstrapping strategies build minimum user base that allows them survive and grow their own. varies from application application, but building minimum user base without external input may prove unexpectedly costly, particularly when the market already dominated existing centralized service providers. even decentralized ebay- amazon-type services promise greater benefits for seller and buyers, they cannot compete without sufficient number sellers and buyers the market. addition, their economies lesser-scale significantly limit their ability offer competitive benefits. the best way address this issue reaching the critical mass create user pool wherein large group services share their users much possible and provide one another with incentives. the integrated service offered the coinverse will play critical role creating such user-sharing environment. with its effective and sophisticated incentive system reward players who contribute the growth the network, the coinverse will help establish solid foundation for building user-sharing scheme. selling the keeper, hardware security device, through the coinverse's community commerce would serve good example such network growth strategies. the coinus project began human-centered initiative which goes beyond technology prioritize usability and the characteristics individual users, and will leverage the coinverse project, which embodies our philosophy and extended vision, create blockchain ecosystem with self-sustaining virtuous cycle. human-to-blockchain interface introduction solutions overview the starting point our solution the combination the coinus wallet and the coinus keeper, and the coinverse which completes the integrated ecosystem. coinus wallet the key element realizing the objective the coinus project the cryptocurrency wallet. the coinus wallet light client that optimized for mobile environments and has been designed enable the intuitive management various cryptocurrencies and tokens. does not require complex configuration, and uses best technological practices and optimum security standards offer the perfect experience, allowing users manage their digital assets with ease and convenience. while providing the main benefits blockchain-based technologies, the coinus wallet offers standards for storing, buying, selling, transferring, and exchanging digital assets simplifying the interaction between blockchain assets and adopting reliable methodologies. its design ensures versatility, usability, and security, and uses best practices available the current blockchain ecosystem provide interoperability and compatibility with existing solutions and services. coinus keeper have adopted technology called transaction-signing one-time password (otp), which widely used the financial industry offer new and robust security solution for cryptocurrency wallets. for users, the solution provided the form dedicated device for the coinus wallet. have named this device the keeper. provides the coinus wallet, type light wallet, with robust security, which the biggest strength hardware wallets. this allows the service remain light and maintain its user convenience while reinforcing security the same time. this way, the coinus wallet works "hybrid wallet," novel concept the crypto world. human-to-blockchain interface the keeper, have applied information dispersal algorithm, innovative methodology that offers safe way store the wallet's private keys, ensure more robust level security. the simple combination the keeper and coinus wallet provides portability, convenience, and stronger security, which will enable the service the best asset management solution for users. coinverse overview [picture the coinverse ecosystem the coinverse comprehensive package based human-to-blockchain interface designed build integrated cryptocurrency ecosystem. represents our human-focused approach that places greater importance user values and experiences than technology. also embodies our vision create "human-blockchain-universe interface" and, ultimately, create global blockchain community. will build scalable environment stages, wherein the coinverse middleware leveraged offer host services ranging from individual authentication and dex asset management, cryptocurrency swaps, and community commerce. initial services will include ico listing, airdrops, kyc, and preliminary community commerce using the keeper, and variety key services will integrated into the portfolio multiple phases according our roadmap. human-to-blockchain interface coinus wallet the coinus wallet focuses creating seamless user experience for interacting with blockchain. its light client architecture eliminates the need for the entire nodes ensure excellent mobile experience, and the keeper allows coinus wallet maintain its usability and portability while offering more robust security. addition, its hierarchical deterministic wallet structure enables coinus wallet remain versatile without being dependent specific blockchain network protocol. the wallet will also support multiple languages, starting with korean and english, facilitate consistent user experience across the globe. the coinus wallet will launched mobile devices first, and plan release version that accommodates chrome extensions. versatility multitude blockchain protocols may exist until the protocol competition between public blockchains comes end, and small number protocols with clear benefits survive the ecosystem. given these circumstances, most users today invest multiple cryptocurrencies, and they need versatile, protocol-agnostic cryptocurrency wallet. most wallets the market leave much desired meeting these needs. creating and managing multiple wallets invest different kinds cryptocurrency cumbersome and poses many potential security risks. multi-cryptocurrency wallet offer solution that allows users store multiple cryptocurrencies and tokens single wallet. human-to-blockchain interface the initial phases, will support ethereum and erc- tokens, ii) bitcoin, iii) eos and eos tokens, iv) litecoin, bitcoin cash, and vi) stellar and nem. (the priority cryptocurrencies may change depending advances blockchain technology, market trends, and strategic priorities.) addition these initial cryptocurrencies, will also support many others stages accordance with our strategic priorities. this enables users store and manage their multiple cryptocurrency assets the coinus wallet. the technology and experience built through the support different cryptocurrencies will shorten the time required accommodate the next cryptocurrencies and serve the foundation for supporting more than cryptocurrencies and hundreds erc- tokens. coinus wallet when the coinverse ecosystem place, plan logically integrate the cryptocurrencies supported the coinus wallet that users can treat them single fiat currency. addition supporting multiple cryptocurrencies, the multi-wallet feature offers enhanced convenience allowing users make portfolio investments from single account for smart asset management. this made possible our wallet structure, which uses hierarchical concept wherein relevant keys are generated from single starting point called the seed. after creating wallet once, users can manage host additional cryptocurrencies simply adding them the wallet with single click. multi-language support another feature that enhances the versatility the coinus wallet multi-language support. prerequisite consistent user experience across the globe. starting with korean and english, will offer support japanese and chinese well. multi-exchange rate managing the coinus wallet offers price information exchanges around the world. simple change configuration allows users view the prices multiple exchanges and modify the exchange list any time. exchanges available this feature will expanded multiple stages according our cryptocurrency support roadmap. through this feature, users have easy access prices, transaction volumes, and price gaps cryptocurrencies different exchanges. will also add alert feature that pushes any change total asset value real time. human-to-blockchain interface coinus wallet dapp browser direct access from wallet decentralized applications (dapps) requires dapp browser. will make possible access dapps without having install separate module. limited number applications with high commercial viability will supported initially, followed additional listing and sdk module that will enable developers support applications themselves. blockchain explorer the coinus wallet will equipped with explorer that enables direct access real-time transaction data key blockchains such bitcoin and ethereum. this access allows users identify lags transaction times caused issues like delay block creation and respond effectively such network disruptions. asset portfolio management the coinus wallet provides single, comprehensive view all coins and tokens and offers their valuations expressed fiat currency cryptocurrency. addition, users can easily check the return investment (roi) either single cryptocurrency all their cryptocurrencies for certain period. also plan add alert features implement our rebalancing strategies. usability leverage applications that individual users access every day enable the broad adoption the blockchain ecosystem. this objective necessitates continued improvements the coinus wallet's usability, and thus will focus our efforts enhancing the user experience. only one-time backup human-to-blockchain interface today, most wallets service which store multiple cryptocurrencies require users perform backups individually for each cryptocurrency. this cumbersome and likely increase the number security risks arising from user mistakes. address this issue adopting bitcoin improvement proposals (bip)--specifically, bip, bip, and bip. instead periodically backing each sub-wallet for different cryptocurrencies, users can simply write down piece paper the mnemonic that provided the time creating coinus wallet account and keep the paper safe location. this arrangement removes the need create separate wallets for cryptocurrencies added stages and allows users manage multiple cryptocurrencies adding them with single click. coinus wallet addition such mnemonics, users can back their wallets with code. since user-defined password required when creating such codes for additional encryption, impossible steal cryptocurrencies stored these wallets with just the code, even leaked outside entity. tokens auto discovery the coinus wallet offers the automatic detection erc- tokens. the balances tokens correlated with the wallet address automatically appear the asset lists users, which allows for smarter asset management. since erc- token transactions are stored not the normal address but the contract address, the only practical way for users check their balance log the service question and enter the contract address. the retrieval erc- token transactions require special mechanism, most wallet services don't offer this feature. have index server place which catalogues all transactions related specific address, including the transfer tokens, and our wallet client queries the smart contract give the balance, including that tokens. explore transaction history the ethereum blockchain stores the state each account, users don't need the transaction details concerned know the assets specific address. for this reason, most light client-based wallet services don't provide transaction history. from the perspective users, the data token transfers also asset, and thus key piece information. our index server automatically detects and identifies all transactions relevant the address the user generate transaction history the coinus wallet. accordance with our strategies support different cryptocurrencies stages, provide integrated user interface through which users can view the transaction history ethereum and the cryptocurrencies supported the coinus wallet. human-to-blockchain interface coinus wallet security security the most important issue and one the foremost mandates for cryptocurrency wallets, they must manage the precious assets users safely. addition the security offered the wallet structure, which was adopted during the design phase, have two additional layers security place for the coinus wallet store our users' cryptocurrency assets safe manner. -factor authentication two-factor authentication means the process authenticating the user with two more factors. also referred multi-factor authentication. the more factors that are involved user authentication, the lower the risk false authentication becomes. not everything can used authentication factor, however. there are some standardized authentication factors. knowledge factors: things that the user knows possession factors: things that the user owns inherence factors: things that are unique the user knowledge factors include passwords, personal identification numbers (pins), and patterns. possession factors can likened the act using your key open the door your home, and such examples are tokens, smart cards, and credit cards. the case otp authentication, which widely used for mobile transactions, your mobile phone type possession factor. inherence factors refer qualities that one born with, such fingerprints and irises. the coinus wallet offers two-factor authentication during the process wallet creation requiring users present password pin along with their fingerprint. the account password also used creating backup code. human-to-blockchain interface addition, the keeper terminal also serves possession factor. off-line signing and trust zone with all software programs including the coinus wallet, computing requires data memory storage. such data key piece security information. falls into the hands malicious attacker, important security information could compromised. coinus wallet the coinus wallet has multiple layers security place make sure that the process handling security information remains intact. one such security arrangement cut the mobile device off from outside and make offline while important security information being processed, which prevents this information from being leaked online. after the processing over, the memory cleared stave off any leakage. addition, will leverage the trust zone (secure world) supported the kernel strongly protect the computing process, which could vulnerable security threats because usually takes place the user mode (normal world). the offline signing scheme will applied android first, and then followed ios. since the trust zone requires both the hardware (cpu) and the (android, ios), plan implement the scheme first environments that meet these requirements. human-to-blockchain interface coinus wallet technical approach the coinus wallet has adopted the highest technology standards, which are derived from the best practices the blockchain ecosystem. this intended ensure higher levels security and support the interoperability and compatibility with current blockchain protocols, solutions, services. hierarchical deterministic (hd) wallet the coinus wallet designed with the wallet structure, type hierarchical deterministic wallet, to: support variety cryptocurrencies and tokens with single account support multiple wallets with single account make data restoration easy through single backup offer newer, stronger security solution. [picture wallet structure human-to-blockchain interface accordance with the bip standard, mnemonics kind hint word) called seeds are created. from these seeds that wallets are derived. wallets are originated from such seeds going through multiple phases deterministic and hierarchical process. instead being created randomly from seeds, wallet addresses are computed through pre-defined logic the moment such seeds are determined. the coinus wallet has adopted the bip, bip, and bip standards provide multiple wallets which are derived from single set seeds. this allows users restore and backup their wallets easily without having present other information. addition, the wallet structure compatible with the blockchain network and other services supported large number blockchain protocols. index server the blockchain inherently offers near-perfect security, but could vulnerable hacking the user's personal asset information stored separate physical server. classic example this series exchange hacking incidents that have occurred recent years. ward off these risks, user information stored only the coinus wallet, which light client, users have full control over their information, and this prevents any chances data leakage. coinus wallet there are only two usages for our servers: use them when provide general information such app distribution, notifications, prices, and icos without using personal and asset information, and also have indexing server place enable information exchange with the coinus wallet order provide information erc- and eos tokens. the restricted data availability strategically chosen tradeoff that enhances the wallets usability without introducing vulnerability that can compromise the assets stored the wallet. the indexing server allows the coinus wallet discover tokens automatically and explore users' transaction histories. more specific, the server conducts high-level analyses all transactions the blockchain, ii) indexes movements public addresses, iii) catches events concerning token transfers, and iv) indexes token transfers. these functions are computationally too expensive perform directly mobile devices. another approach today very hard find mobile light wallet that supports bitcoin, ethereum, and eos all the same time. even there were any such wallets, very unlikely that they would offer single seed backup feature. our development team leading the industry this regard and plan begin supporting coins including bitcoin cash, litecoin, stellar, and nem the fourth quarter human-to-blockchain interface coinus keeper leverage the transaction-signing otp technology employed the financial industry provide novel, robust security solution for cryptocurrency wallets. our new security solution, dubbed the coinus keeper, dedicated terminal for the coinus wallet. [picture how the coinus keeper works human-to-blockchain interface the keeper stores important information managed cryptocurrency wallets its secure element protect the cryptocurrency assets users when they lose possession their wallets through loss their phones and on. the keeper initially configured coupling its unique device (udid) and the wallet's universal unique (uuid), which allows communication with the coupled wallets only. will allow two coinus wallet apps smartphones connected the keeper. protocol the keeper device runs batteries and does not respond the physical push button until receives successful transaction request. upon receiving such request, the device sends just one transaction response within the first minute. coinus keeper also use the concept session. there communication within the first five minutes initial coupling verification being completed, the session question will expire and new verification process required. all forms communication have valid two-byte session id, which managed the device, and new verification needed when this deemed invalid. [picture the process sending commands simple docking method with the coinus wallet allows the keeper provide portability, convenience, and more robust security, and turns the wallet into hybrid wallet which offers strong security and variety features. hardware wallets carry significant tradeoff between security and convenience, and using laptop cold wallet also has its limitations. the keeper innovative alternative these arrangements. human-to-blockchain interface mobile environments, the wallet can used view cryptocurrency assets, transaction histories, and price information only, while the device kept safe location like cold wallet. the user needs make transaction afterward, simple connection with the keeper allows them manage their assets and transfer their cryptocurrencies. coinverse coinverse overview the coinverse based human-to-blockchain interface which designed build integrated cryptocurrency ecosystem which benefits all stakeholders. represents our human-focused approach, which places greater importance user values and experiences than technology. also embodies our vision create "human-blockchain-universe interface" which brings together individuals across the globe into global community. human-to-blockchain interface [picture coinverse ecosystem logical model the key components the coinverse are the cross-world bridge network (cbn) and the coinverse middleware, which connect wallet users the ecosystem. the middleware will contain protocols, apis, and sdk modules that enable connections with variety services. are exploring the best technological solutions for the cbn, including ethereum's plasma chain. will take significant amount time until complete form the coinverse created, but will start with services that are implementable the currently developed wallet, and then expand the infrastructure stages accordance with our roadmap add more services going forward. during this integration process, new services that are not featured the roadmap may rolled out first, and the priority the originally planned ones could changed well, depending the market situation. identity management, kyc most cases, kyc authentication required participate icos increase withdrawal limits after signing for overseas exchange. but this inconvenient, and hassle upload passport photo for kyc authentication every single time. for this reason that individual users find the process very difficult cumbersome. coinverse based the information given upon initial registration, enable users through simplified kyc authentication for icos that require the same information. this part token launcher, one the coinus wallet's key services. will expand the existing module for the kyc authentication process into blockchain-based authentication service. will then further upgraded offer services for decentralized applications that require authentication and serve integrated identity management module for host additional coinverse services integrated. community commerce many cryptocurrencies can already used payment e-commerce sites, but project that uses unique incentive scheme the crypto economy has yet been successful. plan offer community commerce service with strong incentive structure encourage many communities and users adopt the coinus wallet and tokens for e-commerce transactions that they can contribute the growth the entire network. begin, will sell the keeper, our hardware security device, directly through community commerce demonstrate the potential this new model. will then evaluate and analyze the outcome this pilot sale create comprehensive system that independent sellers can offer their products and services through the coinverse network. integration with dex decentralized exchange (dex) the most optimum form exchange for users who have direct control over their cryptocurrencies through safe wallet and want engage inter-cryptocurrency trading, they can perform transactions directly through their wallets without entrusting their cryptocurrency assets exchange. human-to-blockchain interface will first push for the integration the coinus wallet with ethereum dexs and then explore the viability the connection with dexs and kyber networks that support protocols. the connection with eos-based dexs will also pursued stages. the next target will connection with dexs that allow transactions between different types cryptocurrencies through inter-chain solution such cosmos and polkadot. coinverse instant coin swap users may have cryptocurrencies which are not registered with dex, may need quickly exchange small amount registered cryptocurrencies into another type cryptocurrency. this where instant coin swap comes in. desirable use case for such transactions would allow users exchange some their assets for utility game tokens which are needed access certain application. services like shapeshift already offer similar services using apis centralized exchanges. the coinus wallet will provide this instant cryptocurrency swap service connecting apis key centralized exchanges korea and the rest the world. with new feature added, users don't have make cryptocurrency swap request manually when they want exchange their assets for some other cryptocurrencies. they can simply send their cryptocurrencies the address the target cryptocurrencies they have chosen and the system takes care the rest. their cryptocurrencies are swapped automatically with the target cryptocurrencies, which are then sent back them. ico token launcher the coinus token launcher simplifies and streamlines procedures involved between users and machines (devices servers) ward off any potential human errors that may take place during the course ico. this paves the way for startups grow into innovative companies the blockchain ecosystem and will provide wallet users with opportunity make prudent investments safe environment. base module for this feature has already been integrated into the wallet. through this arrangement, companies that conduct ico can: announce and promote their planned ico immediately obtain kyc information verified through the coinus wallet receive funding which safe from hacking attacks having auto-generated ico address free from forgery and fraud coinus wallet users can: human-to-blockchain interface obtain expert-verified ico information and participate icos easily and quickly use the one-pass kyc procedure for simpler ico investments and more robust protection their personal information make direct investments through the coinus token launcher airdrop management not only ico projects but also multitude listed cryptocurrencies conduct different types airdrops for marketing and promotional purposes. conducting airdrop, most companies open telegram channel promote their airdrops and recruit participants. they want participants receive marketing information through this channel continuing basis. with most airdrop events, however, impossible know potential participants remain the channel, and some even try gain benefits creating false telegram ids randomly creating multiple addresses, making difficult for icos achieve the desired results. coinverse have turned some innovative ideas into system which reduces these abuses substantially, and conducted four airdrop events with our partners through our coinus airdrop system. project which targeted global audience, saw the abuse detection rate for its airdrops increase .%, and those other projects were able identify least their participants abusive. [picture abuse detection rates for airdrops partner coinus airdrop addresses these issues by: screening out malicious participants monitoring cross-border cross-regional participants this helps reduce marketing costs and provides new opportunity target real participants marketing activities. this also allows ico performers reduce costs for planning, operations, and control, and promote their projects potential customers more easily maximize the impact their marketing activities. will further upgrade our airdrop system that users have convenient access airdrop events through their wallets. human-to-blockchain interface checking real time participants are the telegram channel coinverse based digital asset management connection with ai-based platform, provide membership users with global asset management service which guarantees low-risks and medium returns. this service consists personalized products that fit the investment preferences and asset composition membership users. product portfolios may composed overseas stocks, cryptocurrencies, both. will include this service our coinus membership package and leverage our coinus analytics index the block information cryptocurrency platforms other than ethereum. will also analyze big data for hidden information order provide membership users with exclusive information that premium value. for this service, may partner with outside entities such trustverse. micropayment payment gateway the broad use cryptocurrencies for online payments, which includes micropayments, requires system which offers low fees and fast transaction speed. most main net cryptocurrencies not meet these two requirements. will build separate transaction network process micropayments fast, cost-efficient manner. consider plasma cash debit among the most promising candidate solutions for this network. tokens that remain this payment network can easily transferred back main nets. human-to-blockchain interface also plan integrate decentralized stable coins (e.g., dai), which are pegged the dollar the korean won, into this payment network. this will allow provide host e-commerce sites with gateway services using stable coin-based payment system. other words, buyers can make payments with the cryptocurrency their choice and sellers can get paid with fiat currency-connected tokens other tokens that they choose. design rationale the survival and growth the coinus wallet and the coinverse depends their underlying token economy. from our perspective, the critical issues involving its design are follows. token economy critical mass for minimum sustainable economy (mse) the operators centralized applications take most the value created from their networks, and decentralized applications have emerged protest against this situation offering promises greater benefits network participants. however, few have been successful because they lack effective strategies secure critical mass the initial phases. the first issue that our token economy should address how the network's internal mechanism can sustain itself create minimum sustainable economy (mse). for mse created, the coinverse, our integrated ecosystem, should redirect service fees and other revenues the reward pool compensate those who contribute network growth order maintain and grow the network without external help. meeting this requirement necessitates that the number users exceeds the critical mass and that the value gained users from transactions the services provided the network sufficient promote its growth continual basis. resources for bootstrapping reward mse requires significant number users and substantial reward system. this reward scheme should very aggressive the initial stages, the coinus token economy needs able secure sufficient resources. for this reason that have designed bnus tokens, which are used for reward purposes the coinverse ecosystem, along with cnus tokens that are used for service fees and payments. the value bnus tokens should high enough motivate participants contribute the growth the network the initial stages but should not cause the dilution cnus tokens' value. the bancor protocol may serve very efficient tool striking this balance. the terms bnus and cnus will refer both singular and plural forms each token depending context. the stability utility tokens human-to-blockchain interface adequate supply cnus, the utility tokens for the entire coinverse, will greatly help the ecosystem run smoothly and defend their market value. this supply the market out sync with the network's growth and gets too large small, not only does the cnus's price volatility become excessive, but also the stability the ecosystem, general, could also undermined. systematic approach such supply control needed order respond dramatic changes that have considerable negative impact the ecosystem. token economy virtuous circle for continued growth even after minimum critical mass for the successful operation the coinverse ecosystem reached, network participants should properly rewarded for their contributions that the process creating and redistributing value continues spur the growth the network. preventing the concentration tokens and their value long-term token holders get rewarded through the rise prices the network grows. this helps stabilize and boost token prices, which turn contributes network growth. however, this passive long-term ownership overly rewarded, may discourage participants who want make active contribution the growth the network. mechanism needed prevent the excessive concentration token ownership and the reward for active contributions should increasingly larger than that passive ownership. the above considerations form the basis the coinus token economy, explained below. issuance and characteristics cnus bnus cnus cryptocurrency which serves tool economic activity, which includes payments made the coinus wallet and the coinverse. total two billion (,,,) cnus, the planned issuance, have already been issued. described chapter this document, they have either already been distributed will distributed. the price cnus determined the demand from buyers and the supply from sellers exchanges. human-to-blockchain interface the other hand, bnus are designed reward for contributions the growth and stability the network. they are issued along with cnus reserve accordance with the bankor protocol. more specifically, bnus are issued sending cnus smart contract, and the number and price bnus automatically set the contract. one billion (,,,) cnus out the two billion (,,,) issued have been assigned for network rewards and marketing purposes. they will used reserve stages, which serves the first mechanism for bnus issuance. addition, all cnus gathered fees the coinus wallet and the coinverse are converted bnus before being accumulated the reward pool. these bnus are then distributed reward for variety contributions the network. the volume bnus issuance changes dynamically line with both the growth the entire system and the supply and demand the market. since additional issuance bnus requires cnus used reserve, rise the number bnus means decline the amount cnus circulation. bancor price determination protocol for bnus the issuance and price bnus accordance with the bancor protocol. bnus are priced considering the cnus reserve rate, the volume existing bnus, and the reserve balance cnus. (bancor protocol: https://storage.googleapis.com/website-bancor/// ba-bancor_protocol_whitepaper_en.pdf) token economy bnus price cnus reserve balance (total bnus issuance cnus reserve rate) for example, the cnus reserve rate the volume the first bnus issuance one million, and the cnus reserve amounts then the starting price bnus will parity with the price cnus bnus cnus). the table above shows the volume bnus tokens issued and the pricing cnus tokens when cnus tokens reserve for bnus issuance and when bnus are canceled and cnus tokens are released from the reserve. the reserve rate and the volume the first issuance the table are just examples for explanation, and the actual figures used will made public before contract which meets the bankor protocol issued. portion the first bnus issued will also invested the expansion the coinus wallet and the coinverse ecosystem. human-to-blockchain interface individual investors can pay cnus have bnus issued, which case the cnus tokens become fees. when they cancel their bnus tokens and convert them into cnus tokens, the same percentage cnus tokens must paid fees too. fifty percent these paid cnus tokens are distributed bnus owners proportion their holdings, while the remaining are moved the cnus stability fund contract, which will explained further detail later. token economy bnus issuance and pricing are based the bancor protocol for the following reasons: since cnus tokens are used reserve when issuing bnus tokens, their circulation volumes are decreased, and this prevents their prices from declining. billion cnus tokens assigned for network rewards and marketing are used reserve for the bnus issuance instead being released the market. this controls the direct supply cnuses and helps stabilize cnus prices. during this reward process, bnus prices could up, which translates into more benefits network contributors. internal automated process rather than external market determines the exchange rate between cnus and bnus. not only this scheme convenient, but also ensures transparency because allows one predict prices from changes transaction volume. the coinus network grows, the volume fees which the reward pool also rises, bringing bnus prices the process. this mechanism eliminates the need for additional reward arrangements and makes easier capture increases network value, which turn benefits long-term bnus holders. the volume bnus tokens changes automatically accordance with network growth, removing the need for artificial interventions control the volume. bnus tokens can always converted into cnus tokens regardless market liquidity, and this because the system itself serves market maker even human-to-blockchain interface there entity that wants buy bnus tokens. cnus supply control mechanism there are benefits using cnus tokens reserve for bnus issuance, but there also flipside: the network grows too fast and the demand for bnus rises dramatically, excessive volume cnus tokens could held reserve, leading lack cnus which are needed for accessing services. token economy if, contrast, there hike demand for bnus cancellation order receive cnus tokens, cnus prices may drop significantly due oversupply. this where the cnus supply control mechanism comes in. out-of-circulation cnus tokens which are either held bancor contract reserve staked for other purposes exceed the total issuance, additional cnus tokens may issued periodically bring the number down less. actual rates will determined before the contract launch taking into account the outcome simulations. investors have pay fee cnus when they buy sell bnus tokens through the bancor contract, and half this fee goes the cnus stability fund contract. there excessive supply cnus tokens during certain period, some the cnus tokens the fund will converted into bnus tokens preserve bnus prices and discourage conversion into cnus tokens. how acquire cnus users can obtain cnus purchasing them exchange, buying them from other holders, the following methods: transactions with other cnus holders users can receive cnus tokens exchange for providing goods and services other users. they can either registering seller provider with the community commerce market the coinverse platform performing direct peer-to-peer transactions. users choose leverage the market, the platform may charge sellers fees for using its marketing and payment tools. users pay fee for cnus/bnus conversion the bancor contract. bnus token holders receive these fees reward proportion their bnus holdings. human-to-blockchain interface fees for cnus/bnus conversion token economy cnus usages cnuses are used the coinverse for the following purposes: stake for creating coinverse community [picture cnus: wallet network stake human-to-blockchain interface cnus tokens can used stake for creating coinverse community. the staking volume determines the size the community, which dissolved the stake redeemed. the limit community size for certain volume the stake does not remain the same, and may down depending the circumstances. however, the maximum sizes allowed for existing communities cannot reduced unless they redeem their stakes. payment tool the coinverse community market cnus tokens may used payment tool for buying products and services the coinverse. the payment feature the coinus wallet allows users convert other cryptocurrencies the wallet into cnus tokens real time they are short cnus tokens for payment the coinverse community market. token economy tool for paying marketing fees coinverse communities when marketers promote external products and services such advertisements, airdrops, and icos coinverse communities, they can use cnus tokens pay fees for using the coinverse platform. the platform redistributes these fees coinverse communities and bnus holders first. methods acquiring bnus users can acquire bnus tokens through one the following methods: human-to-blockchain interface [picture bnus token flow token economy using the cnus/bnus conversion contract users can obtain bnus tokens sending cnus tokens the cnus-bnus conversion contract have bnus tokens issued. they have pay fee cnus tokens during this process. contributing network growth creating community team rewards are granted periodically from the bnus reward pool when users create coinverse community team and either sign new users induce them increase their usage the coinverse, thus contributing the network's growth. the amount reward proportion the rise contribution volume, which measured such factors the amount cnus tokens staked the community team, the team's size, and the achievements made the team within given period. human-to-blockchain interface [picture bnus reward accordance with contributions the network reward balancing for long-term investment and contribution network growth network growth highly likely bring the market price bnus tokens up. although long-term holding for such price gains helps bnus prices increase, the concentration bnus tokens and the rewards from network growth small number users not conducive the ecosystem's growth. token economy there are two approaches addressing this issue: one modify the scheme distributing rewards, which may concentrated dominant bnus holders; and the other prevent the concentration bnus ownership making more expensive hold bnus tokens way that does not contribute sustaining and growing the network. the coinverse will designed run protocol which allows the concentration bnus holdings only when such concentration contributes the sustainment and growth the network. other words, will make sure that the most cost-efficient success strategy contribute sound growth the network, which value most. the following example this type design. note that the actual design during the implementation phase may differ from this. limits pocket size wallet network created cnus tokens that users send the network. proportion the percentage their cnus stakes, they are assigned set credits dubbed "pocket size," which are the share the network's contribution volume that they are entitled to. the pocket size determines the user's share the bnus reward which assigned the network the platform and the volume bnus tokens that they can hold without paying platform fees. the pocket size absolute number credits which are granted accordance with the contribution network growth made individual wallet users who are network given time. measured terms the number credits. among the bnus tokens stored the wallet question, those that exceed the pocket size are automatically sent the bancor protocol and converted into cnus tokens. human-to-blockchain interface [picture pocket sizes and the corresponding rewards proportion the network stake token economy coinverse services and reward system examples airdrop ico network airdrop ico marketers can use the wallet user networks paying fees cnus tokens, while these networks are assigned airdrops and opportunities participate icos proportion their sizes. human-to-blockchain interface [picture wallet network: airdrop ico network token economy community commerce network the cnus wallet network payment network which connected exchanges. marketers can sell their products and services the community commerce market the network staking their cnus tokens, while the wallet user network automatically assigned discounts and incentives from the staked tokens accordance with sales volumes. [picture wallet network: community commerce network human-to-blockchain interface token economy dex network cnus token provided the coinus wallet, multi-cryptocurrency wallet service, conjunction with decentralized exchanges (dex). used pay crypto transaction fees between wallet users. users get fee discounts when they pay transaction fees with cnus tokens, and the wallet user network receives portion such transaction fees. human-to-blockchain interface [picture wallet network: dex network actors coinverse actor wallet users token economy through the networks which they belong to, wallet users receive airdrops and icos from other ico projects, get discounts paybacks products, and pay fees for dex transactions and make payments for their purchases with cnus tokens. wallet users who have gone through the kyc process can receive additional discounts depending the configuration set the marketer the merchant. they also have access variety coinverse services such ai-based asset management and real-time currency exchanges small amounts, which are enabled exchange apis. [picture actor: wallet users human-to-blockchain interface token economy actor coinverse community network administrators accordance with their cnus stakes, wallet network administrators teams are granted the authority issue uuid other users and include those who use uuid that they have issued members their networks. coinverse community network administrators teams receive platform incentives bnus tokens accordance with the growth the contribution volume the community networks they have created. community network administrators receive incentives bnus tokens for transactions such airdrops, icos, currency exchanges, and product sales which use the wallet networks they have created. human-to-blockchain interface [picture actor: coinverse community network administrator token economy actor marketers and merchants marketers and merchants can sell their products and services community networks staking certain amount cnus tokens incentives and paybacks. they can view the outcome their marketing activities the form report, while the staked tokens are automatically converted bnus tokens without incurring exchange fees through the bancor protocol, which then paid wallet networks and their users accordance with the incentive and payback programs they have set. [picture actor: marketers and merchants actor bnus token holders bnus token holders can convert their bnus tokens into cnus tokens paying fee through the bancor contract provided the platform. accordance with the amount their bnus tokens, they receive the fees, which the platform gains through the bancor contract, cnus tokens. they have build acquire account with pocket size that can accommodate the amount bnus they want hold. the amount exceeds the pre-determined limit, the bancor protocol may triggered order convert the excess bnus token into cnus tokens. human-to-blockchain interface human-to-blockchain interface road map total two billion (,,,) cnus tokens will issued, and they will used for marketing purposes and rewards accordance with contributions made the network. token distribution human-to-blockchain interface human-to-blockchain interface company team partners company atomrigs consulting, inc. started woo hyeon cheong (a.k.a. atomrigs), founder the seoul ethereum meetup, atomrigs consulting inc. has team experts who identify, invest and support innovative decentralized projects. coinus the first its project portfolio, and the company will continue identify and nurture blockchain projects variety areas such education and the game go. lucidity lucidity blockchain protocol designed deliver transparency and trust digital advertising. built the ethereum blockchain and plasma, addresses data discrepancies accelerate the billing process and facilitates payment tracking supply chains provide advertisers with accurate information their spending. june lucidity beat hashgraph win the blocks san francisco. neoply neoply incubation and investment program intended provide startups with the resources they need and offer them mentoring services. leveraging the human and financial assets neowiz games, the program meets the needs startups different stages their growth and helps them navigate their way forward. onther inc. onther inc. specializes developing plasma sidechain, scalability solution the ethereum blockchain. committed enhancing the usability blockchain technology and connecting crypto economies with the real economy make lives better for everyone. southex innovative eos-based decentralized exchange. combination on-chain smart contract and off-chain matching engine makes efficient centralized exchanges and reduces the volume assets entrusted exchanges and the duration such entrustment, which leads far greater efficiency and security. human-to-blockchain interface southex partners company trebit trebit exchange committed enhancing user convenience with quick and safe transactions and delivering reliable services facilitate the transaction process. addresses security, pressing issue for existing exchanges, with three layers security arrangements, and has adopted real-time transaction monitoring system. trustverse trustverse platform based blockchain and artificial intelligence. its sophisticated algorithms promote asset growth reliable manner, and the high levels security and trust delivered through blockchain system enable trustverse offer services needed different stages life, such asset management and arrangements for ownership transfers, inheritance, and funerals. unblocked block unblocked block group focused bridging the information gap the blockchain sector expand the blockchain market and create sound blockchain ecosystem. cloudbric integrated security platform, cloudbric designed make the fast-growing blockchain industry safer ensuring that all users have easier and more convenient access information security resources. leverages artificial intelligence and deep learning enhance cybersecurity. human-to-blockchain interface d'light d'light premiere specialty law firm that remains the forefront representing the companies that are engaged cryptocurrency/blockchain technology businesses. d'light has been continuously expanding the fields practices blockchain industry help our clients with ico (initial public offering) projects and other related legal needs that the clients' blockchain business including ico projects operate properly and comply with the relevant legal and regulatory requirements. the pioneer and the leader blockchain and ico practices korea, d'light has successfully served various ico projects, and d'light has partnered with renowned crypto funds, ico incubators and other key players the blockchain market. advisors company brian cheong (aka, atomrigs) https://www.linkedin.com/in/brian-cheong-atomrigs-ab/ brian cheong the founder seoul ethereum meetup and ceo atomrigs consulting, inc and acecom, inc. since has focused almost exclusively the ethereum blockchain and decentralized application development. has founded assisted the launch several leading online cryptocurrency and blockchain communities and offline meetups korea. within these communities, has worked facilitate and inform discussions the technical backgrounds blockchains, the core principles crypto economics, smart contract programming, the socioeconomic implications decentralized applications, and business strategies for the development and deployment decentralized applications. prior this engagement, brian founded resellerbid, inc. which developed business business global e-marketplace for the computer component industry and worked ceo for geogan, inc., e-commerce solution company. brian received his b.a. and m.a communications seoul national university. subsequently conducted socio-economic research internet and telecommunications business during his graduate study telecommunications policy the university texas austin. michael zhang https://www.linkedin.com/in/%ec%a%%ed%%-%ec%e%a-a/ michael zhang co-founder atomrigs consulting inc. chief crypto economist atomrigs consulting and ibloc, crypto economy consulting division infobank corp. specialist crypto economy design and engineering. before crypto, has worked years internet security and new business development for and telecommunication. and has founded several startups mobile payment, multimedia search engine, and mobile q&a service. studied electronics and majored management science, kaist, korea and received m.a. science technology studies from seoul national university, korea. human-to-blockchain interface advisors company hyuncheol hwang, ph.d https://www.linkedin.com/in/hyuncheolhwang/ dr. hwang well-known expert the field quantitative finance and financial technology over years. currently, ceo neutrino investment management llc/ neutrino technologies llc and also serves president kfta (korea finance technology association) new york. had been leading financial institutions such citigroup nyc and allianz global investors, and also academia professor, from kyungwon university and rutgers university, usa. had managed over billion-dollar funds along with high-frequency trading such market making and has conducted many consulting projects from government and leading financial institutions such fss (financial supervisory services) korea, citigroup, korea development bank, korea exchange bank, etc. recently, interested building innovative financial platform for both fiat and crypto-currencies, using advanced technology such blockchain and ai. holds doctoral degree applied mathematics from state univ. new york stony brook, usa. kyoungil bae, ph.d https://www.linkedin.com/in/kyoungil-bae-b/ human-to-blockchain interface kyoungil bae co-founder atomrigs consulting inc. and leads kaist blockchain meetup. has more than years experience investment and business growth consulting. started his career financial engineering areas, especially treasury system design and risk management. thereafter, led growths initiatives several businesses and investment projects including business turnaround, cross-border m&a, and large-scale real estate valuation. recently, has focused investment and advisory services for technology start-ups abcd (ai, blockchain, cloud, data). worked for pwc consulting, ibm, kod asset management, posco capital and received b.a. mathematics and ph.d. degree management engineering from kaist, korea. advisors company john lee https://www.linkedin.com/in/ehanjoo/ john lee co-founder evp corporate development and strategy hostway. serves additional responsibilities ceo hostway india. john and his fellow co-founders bootstrapped hostway into top web hosting company the world with over employees. hostway multinational web hosting company headquartered chicago and serves more than customers worldwide. currently responsible for overall corporate strategy, strategic alliances, and mergers and acquisitions. previously, has held positions every department the company, including leading global marketing and sales and overall p&l for north america. mr. lee was born and raised korea and immigrated the united states age holds biology from the university chicago. sam kim https://www.linkedin.com/in/samjkim/ sam kim ceo lucidity which powerful blockchain protocol that provides transparency and authenticity for digital advertising analytics. lucidity was recently named blockchain startup the block awards. after graduating from columbia university, sam worked incubator which taught him the foundational analytical and strategic planning skills that into launching business. when that company was acquired, moved vietnam for the world bank learn about operating global businesses. later started edgepoint group, firm that traded vietnamese commodities the u.s. market. sam later founded mobile company, the mobile majority (now gimbal) and esdf management, video game production and finance fund. while starting and running companies, sam squeezed getting mba from the university chicago. human-to-blockchain interface advisors company jeff kahng https://www.linkedin.com/in/%ed%%d%ec%%d-%ea%b%-ab/ jeff kahng co-founder and chief financial officer zapple inc., tech startup, responsible for financial planning and analysis, corporate development, and operational performance. before joining zapple, jeff kahng worked credit suisse's asian equities research group and held various roles both seoul and hong kong covering tmt sector asia co-head nja telecom team and coordinator asian internet sector. also worked senior executive corp.'s finance office. holds mba finance and strategy from the wharton school university pennsylvania and business administration from korea university. ted han https://www.linkedin.com/in/ted-han-a/ ted han project lead kakao corp., korea's sns platform. ted joined kakao the employee and has led various projects including "plusfriends" social biz partner service, messaging service, mobile e-commerce, mobile game platform, and music services. prior kakao, ted worked team lead communications. holds industrial design from hongik university and fine arts from inchon national university. michael jeoung https://www.linkedin.com/in/michael-kiook-jeoung-aa/ human-to-blockchain interface michael jeoung co-founder ceo trustverse, wealth management platform with integrated digital estate planning protocol. michael has years experience high-tech business and go-to-market strategy development various global mncs, international organizations, public sector startups. michael's previous work experience includes cisco, oecd executive directorate itn, and ministry land transportation. michael received mba from the university chicago, booth school business and from handong university. advisors company jun yeong jang https://www.linkedin.com/in/junyeong-jang-aa jang jun yeong leader and ceo livetutoring project, which provides decentralized peer-to-peer learning platform. jang jun yeong specialist media contents business such video and music and has rich experience and skills planning and nurturing entrepreneurship, startups, launching various services and improving sub-services. was the head business communications and was responsible for the music streaming service, the largest traffic the world that time, and led the early opening video service hoppin telecom. since then, also served cpo and cso genie music, releasing services the music market based his know-how media content services acquired. jang jun yeong completed his master's degree computer science, and ph.d. candidate management engineering kaist. patrick kim https://www.linkedin.com/in/%ed%%%ec%a%b-%ea%b%-b/ founder ceo sentinel protocol cisco, palo alto networks, fortinet, networks, darktrace human-to-blockchain interface this document available for information purposes only and does not constitute offer for sale any form general solicitation general advertising interests investment vehicle managed directly indirectly its officers/partners. except otherwise indicated, this memorandum reflects events and conditions existing the date hereof. neither the delivery this memorandum nor any sale made connection with this memorandum shall, under any circumstances, create implication that there has been change the affairs the company after the date hereof. while the materials furnished prospective investors include certain statements, estimates and projections the company with respect the potential future performance the company, there can assurance that the company's actual performance will meet these estimates and projections. the actual performance the company may significantly and materially different from the estimates and projections, and the company and its management make representations herein otherwise the company's actual performance. further, the assumptions upon which such statements, estimates and projections management are based may prove incorrect. such assumptions are inherently subject significant uncertainties and contingencies, many which are beyond the control the company and its management. human-to-blockchain interface human-to-blockchain interface copyright (c) quad cresco pte. ltd. all right reserved.