ethereum based platform for freelance community table contents current freelance market freelancing issues coinlancer coinlancer token ico team moving forward www.coinlancer.io overview abstract current freelance market freelancing issues coinlancer ethereum based freelancing platform coinlancer which uses blockchain technology create more meritocratic freelancing ecosystem. the protocol design uses smart contract based escrow mechanism, coinlancer token creating platform fair both clients and freelancers. coinlancer aims reinvent the freelancing community, using latest blockchain ico technology and virtual currencies. team moving forward www.coinlancer.io overview overview the freelance market current freelance market freelancing issues demographics one the key reasons that has seen the freelance market grow leaps and bounds over time. multiple websites have been established linking coinlancer the clients with potential freelancers besides facilitating the payment for the work done. coinlancer token ico working online freelancer exposes one various team risks. some these risks include identity theft, lack guarantee for hours worked pay, fake reviews, and on. moving forward www.coinlancer.io overview overview the freelance market current freelance market despite the demerits and risks this industry, freelancing issues rather lucrative one. one the most popular platforms the freelance workspace upwork. the year the company recorded million coinlancer freelancer earnings. the same year, the entire industry generated estimated billion. coinlancer token considering the rate population growth and the gradual increase internet literacy, the freelance ico industry bound grow further. fact, estimated that the industry could grow billion annually the next six years. this, therefore, means team that there inherent need undertake measures curb some the challenges faced freelancers presently. blockchain technology optimal moving forward solution this regard. www.coinlancer.io overview problems with current freelance sites current freelance market freelancing issues coinlancer $-$ $-$, above coinlancer token ico upwork one the renowned companies the freelance space, and until recently, freelancer loses about the amount paid the client the website. requires the freelancer pay the site the first earned, $-$, and and above. the catch team this structure that the fees are charged per-client basis. for instance, logo maker deals with several clients daily basis, which means they will charged their earnings quite often. other words, about one-fifth their earnings will lost fees. moving forward www.coinlancer.io overview issues the contemporary freelance current freelance market client another issue faced the freelance industry presently the safety the funds for the players freelancing issues the transaction. this can remedied the use multisignature escrow. this would ensure that funds for the client, freelancer and facilitator remain safe. coinlancer another issue faced this market particularly dear the freelancers themselves, and that regards fees coinlancer token mediator charged per job. freelancers lose good percentage their earnings the mediators. these mediators are technically existing freelance companies such upwork, freelance writing service and fiverr among ico others. these mediators could potentially eliminated through established network that team freelancer would act link between the freelancer and the client, demarcating any surcharges. moving forward www.coinlancer.io overview issues the contemporary freelance current freelance market freelancing issues coinlancer coinlancer token ico besides above-discussed issues, the freelance market faced with another major challenge regarding identity theft. hiring people the freelance websites exposes the participants the risk identity theft especially their private user information accessible. freelancers stand greater team risk identity theft than the other participants this arrangement. for instance, malicious individual may steal john's identity information. john qualified accountant with incredible rating the freelance website. the malicious individual then goes ahead request for work moving forward charging per hour. while the malicious person may benefit from this move, the integrity the person whose identity being wrongly used could compromised. www.coinlancer.io overview issues the contemporary freelance current freelance market freelancing issues believe that there superior way solve these freelancing issues with the power blockchain. coinlancer through coinlancer, envision create superior way engaging the booming freelance economy. coinlancer token are passionate team people aiming make freelancing more accessible and secure the masses. ico coinlancer will escrow based freelancing platform that will allow fair settlement disputes conducted and protect payments event team project promises not being met. moving forward www.coinlancer.io overview issues the contemporary freelance reflecting some the problems faced existing traditional freelancing platforms, look tackling them the following ways. current freelance market freelancing issues suspension user accounts fair dispute settlements secure payments less transaction fee- cryptocurrencies accepted identity theft elimination coinlancer coinlancer token ico team moving forward elimination fake reviews unbiased dispute resolution -freelancers tribunal www.coinlancer.io overview issues the contemporary freelance suspension user accounts current freelance market freelancing issues freelancer accounts are often suspended account violating platform policies. the reasons for such suspensions have always been ambiguous and can coinlancer range from sending too many proposals prospective clients inability obtain projects due poor matched skills. most cases, reinstating coinlancer token user accounts cumbersome process. also, one the main reasons freelancing projects fail due lack support such traditional platform. contrary ico traditional freelancing platforms, unannounced suspensions occur coinlancer. the freelancers tribunal decides accounts that are deemed team violative and fairly decides it. moving forward www.coinlancer.io overview issues the contemporary freelance fair dispute settlements current freelance market freelancing issues the subjectivity work freelancing platform often calls for discrepancies opinions and settlements disputes. typical freelancing platform coinlancer does not guarantee such settlements. the dispute settlements often involve surplus arbitration costs and coinlancer token unfavorable binding decisions, which may not the best interest freelancer. coinlancer, the discretion decide the arbitration disputes lies ico with the freelancers tribunal. every freelancer within the tribunal mandatorily freelancer with highprofile ranking, preferably star applicant, eligible team decide matters arbitration. moving forward www.coinlancer.io overview issues the contemporary freelance secure payments current freelance market freelancing issues delay non-payments are problems typical any freelancing platform. the clients and freelancers have coinlancer very little control over payments. most cases, after project submission, either the client doesn't receive high-quality work freelancer the freelancer coinlancer token does not get paid all. our ethereum based platform uses the escrow payment system which ico holds the contract fees until the set obligations the contract are met. project completion, the funds are released, securing the interests both the parties team involved. moving forward www.coinlancer.io overview issues the contemporary freelance less transaction fee- current freelance market traditional freelancing platforms require freelancer pay the site the first earned, freelancing issues $-$, and and above. since freelancers deal with clients daily basis, fee each project will amount huge earnings lost. coinlancer coinlancer confirms fair control fees. any signed contract between freelancer and client, coinlancer sets only the fees payable for job coinlancer token offer. also, most cases, the waiting period for the payouts ico reflect the freelancer's bank account often painstaking. could easier incorporate payments freelancers the ethereum network. team this would not only make the payments prompt but would also reduce transaction charges incurred bank transfers. additionally, the security the funds moving forward would ensured through multisignature escrow. www.coinlancer.io overview issues the contemporary freelance cryptocurrencies accepted current freelance market offering technological mobility, coinlancer platform accepts cryptocurrencies. freelancing issues coinlancer coinlancer token ico bitcoin ethereum bitcoin cash ripple litecoin dash neo ethereum classic nem monero iota qtum omisego cardano lisk zcash tether stellar lumens bitconnect eos providing flexibility convert transact desirable cryptocurrencies across the platform. coinlancer further elaborates offering greater team number services, including wide range cryptocurrency exchanges. the platform offers the ease exchanges providing links external moving forward exchange platforms. www.coinlancer.io overview issues the contemporary freelance identity theft elimination current freelance market freelancing issues our ethereum based network allows for assigning coinlancer usernames individuals hence eliminating the need tie them their actual personal information. true personal information the freelancers especially coinlancer token only known the 'site administration,' which technically the network, for the purpose managing personal information and facilitating payouts ico authentic freelancers. team moving forward www.coinlancer.io overview issues the contemporary freelance elimination fake reviews current freelance market fake reviewing most the freelancing sites have been popular earner with more and more individuals writing fake freelancing issues reviews means unique identity and email addresses. thus, reviews traditional platforms are rather deceptive. coinlancer ethereum platform that works escrow coinlancer system that constantly builds checks and balances the system. coinlancer token implements customized software that detects suspicious reviews and removes those identified fake. this done developing proprietary security algorithms ico for detection scripts/bots that can run the platform. team also enables consumers and businesses flag reviews the coinlancer team case violations user guidelines, addition termination contracts fraudulent moving forward occurrences. www.coinlancer.io overview issues the contemporary freelance unbiased dispute resolution -freelancers tribunal current freelance market the subjectivity work leaves vulnerable and freelancing issues susceptible discrepancies. our ethereum based platform confirms fair control means freelancers tribunal into our system. the tribunal coinlancer involves freelancers with high-profile ranking into the settlement disputes. every freelancer the coinlancer token tribunal entitled cast discerning vote that favors the rightful party and the consequences will executed according the freelancers tribunal. after ico the arbitration process, the funds the escrow will held the platform fees and the remaining funds are released from escrow the deserving team counterparts the dispute. the freelancers tribunal, however, does not receive any compensation for the votes cast. moving forward www.coinlancer.io overview coinlancer current freelance market freelancing issues coinlancer coinlancer token ico team coinlancer ethereum based platform which will enable freelancers and clients interact with each other fair and efficient manner. the protocol coinlancer facilitates secure payments and fair decisions. moving forward www.coinlancer.io overview mechanism the platform has friendly and easy-to-use interface for clients current freelance market and freelancers help post their requirements with ease. clients can list their jobs and freelancers can bid for them get the desired jobs. freelancing issues bid coinlancer performing identity verifications whenever necessary. the unique identities clients and freelancers will based their bid addresses the blockchain, making difficult forge. when contract awarded the client, needs deposit platform coinlancer token fee which paid the coinlancer token. the platform bid ico ensure the authenticity the users, the platform will implements fee for employers and fee for freelancers. the platform will utilize smart contracts and escrow mechanism hold the fee and perform disbursement the collected funds team obligations met. freelancers tribunal created which decides the disputes moving forward between clients and freelancers. www.coinlancer.io overview how coinlancer addresses the problems found current platforms current freelance market freelancing issues the coinlancer platform will empower freelancing opportunities and project transparent developments coinlancer throughout all phases its execution. the platform based public blockchain which coinlancer token makes censorship-resistant. the platform controlled smart contracts deployed the blockchain. moreover, running the platform ico ethereum makes the entire process open and transparent. all disputes will resolved the freelancers tribunal based the rules laid down team the smart contracts. moving forward www.coinlancer.io overview how coinlancer addresses the problems found current platforms current freelance market fair decision rating tribunal members improve freelancing issues coinlancer coinlancer token dispute between freelancer and client ico freelancers tribunal decision taken figure dispute resolution freelancers tribunal unfair decision rating tribunal members worsen. removed from tribunal above discuss how dispute resolution addressed coinlancer platform team member rankings from the freelance court are going determined the market based reviews, ratings, job completion, response rates etc. the tribunal members are going well-respected freelancers the platform with already established sense belonging the coinlancer and crypto moving forward community. www.coinlancer.io overview coinlancer fee structure current freelance market coinlancer offers secure form payment which freelancing issues protects interests all the parties involved. once fee agreed upon client and freelancer, additional platform fee deposited the client coinlancer our escrow system. the fee released successful coinlancer token ico completion the project and held the platform. case dispute, the dispute referred the freelancers tribunal. the platform fees will paid coinlancer team tokens. moving forward www.coinlancer.io overview coinlancer token current freelance market freelancing issues coinlancer the native token coinlancer platform. this token the primary mechanism which escrow fees will paid the coinlancer platform. coinlancer there inherent utility these tokens for anyone who wants interact with users the coinlancer coinlancer token platform. the freelancing platform becomes popular among the users, there will demand for more coinlancer tokens which would increase its ico value for the existing token holders. team moving forward www.coinlancer.io overview token usage current freelance market freelancing issues coinlancer buy coinlancer token ico escrow fee coinlancer platform payment option across several ecommerce platforms payment processors tradable across exchanges team moving forward www.coinlancer.io overview ico details current freelance market freelancing issues coinlancer coinlancer token ico team there will million pre-mined coinlancer tokens available during ico. moving forward www.coinlancer.io overview initial coin offering platform current freelance market coinlancer pre-ico begins october freelancing issues coinlancer coinlancer token utc discount subsequent tokens ethereum ico launch oct coinlancer ico launch begins october utc ico token distribution-dec team users bounties coinlancer ico finishes december utc moving forward team www.coinlancer.io overview initial coin offering details current freelance market freelancing issues ethereum million cl-= usd symbol technology total token supply total token supply nov nov nov nov nov nov dec dec bonuses coinlancer coinlancer token ico bounties team moving forward bitcointalk signature bitcointalk translation facebook likes campaign (%) campaign (%) (%) twitter followers (%) blogging campaign influencers freelancers (%) (%) (%) www.coinlancer.io overview current freelance market initial coin offering the platform will seek help from the community for ideas/projects. community help will rewarded with bounty credits from reserves the coinlancer freelancing issues funds. bounty credits are awarded coinlancer tokens created during the ico launch. coinlancer tokens could later exchanged for virtual currency. the launch will essentially minimum viable coinlancer token product. however, many more adjustments will made terms tech development along the way. further tech developments will include third-party ico integrations, cloud support, infrastructure upgrades support user growth and stability and constant upgrades. entire operations for the future will done team using the same funds. not plan raising additional funding moving forward thus the size the ico. moving forward www.coinlancer.io overview project tokens current freelance market tokens will locked for the team. freelancing issues are fully confident the complete sale out the ico. case are not able the remaining tokens will coinlancer locked for year, after year will releasing the tokens the public the current market price safeguard the interests the existing token holders. coinlancer token now, majority the funds will stored btc. ico our plans are establish coinlancer among the top freelancing platforms with about registered users years, accounting for freelancing market team cagr. moving forward www.coinlancer.io overview team current freelance market freelancing issues coinlancer ian vineer charles voltron rushabh shah ceo cto cfo coinlancer token ico team moving forward dhaval parekh konstantin oleshko director project manager www.coinlancer.io overview road map oct beginning token sale the tokens will available hitbtc and changelly. unfortunately, are not able speculate the timeframe current freelance market nov th, this would depend integration with their infrastructure. coinlancer platform mvp launch freelancing issues coinlancer coinlancer token ico team moving forward dec nd, distribution tokens jan distribution tokens feb are well track with the launch. the platform demo live http://coinlancer.tk plan attracting .%, and the first years respectively out trillion market year with million users (global digital freelance users). ux/ui upgrades solution reviews platform upgrades the platform will have exponentially growing user base may meaning that the infrastructure will constantly upgraded market analysis market opportunities app platform outreach party integrations aug enhancements upgrades functionality platform console upgrades terms stability, security and speed. addition, the coinlancer team extremely feedback driven meaning that new features will adopted with market dynamics. finally, blockchain technology developing exponential speed and cannot exclude new technology integration the upcoming years. oct coinlancer app stability support longevity www.coinlancer.io overview future work current freelance market freelancing issues our current focus creating efficient freelancing platform. once are successful this, coinlancer plan venture into the broader online labor market bpos and kpos. believe that the coordination and incentivization needed for such coinlancer token ventures can achieved more efficient way over blockchain and through ethereum based platform. ico team moving forward www.coinlancer.io overview summary www.coinlancer.io current freelance market freelancing issues coinlancer coinlancer token ico coinlancer attempt create freelancing platform which not plagued issues present the current freelancing industry. have designed mechanism which leverages blockchain technology handle issues like unfair dispute settlement and unilateral account suspension. team coinlancer platform helps two parties transact assured way. our vision enable the growth the freelance economy making more efficient and fair, moving forward leveraging the latest developments blockchain technology. www.coinlancer.io overview current freelance market freelancing issues coinlancer coinlancer token ico reference upwork freelancer study. https://www.upwork.com/press////freelancing-in-america- blockchain oracles, blockchainhub. https://blockchainhub.net/blockchain-oracles/ freelancers now make u.s. workforce. https://www.forbes.com/sites/elainepofeldt////new-survey-freelance-economy-shows-rapid-growth/ why freelancing taking the world storm the payoneer blog. http://blog.payoneer.com/freelancers/industry-tips-fl/freelancing-taking-world-storm/ india's freelance economy booming the payoneer blog http://blog.payoneer.com/freelancers/industry-tips-fl/indias-freelance-economy-is-booming-in-/ team moving forward www.coinlancer.io legal disclaimers the purpose this white paper present the company pgep limited and coinlancer(cl) token potential token holders connection with the proposed token sale. the information set forth below may not exhaustive and does not imply any elements contractual relationship. its sole purpose provide relevant and reasonable information potential token holders order for them determine whether undertake thorough analysis the company with the intent purchasing coinlancer(cl) tokens. nothing this white paper shall deemed constitute prospectus any sort solicitation for investment, nor does any way pertain offering solicitation offer buy any securities any jurisdiction. this document not composed accordance with, and not subject to, laws regulations any jurisdiction, which are designed protect investors. coinlancer(cl) token utility token. this product not digital currency, security, commodity, any other kind financial instrument and has not been registered under the securities act, the securities laws any state the united states the securities laws any other country, including the securities laws any jurisdiction which potential token holder resident. coinlancer(cl) token cannot used for any purposes other than provided the white paper, including but not limited to, any investment, speculative other financial purposes. coinlancer(cl) token confers other rights any form, including but not limited any ownership, distribution (including but not limited profit), redemption, liquidation, proprietary (including all forms intellectual property), other financial legal rights, other than those specifically described the white paper. certain statements, estimates and financial information contained this white paper constitute forward-looking statements information. such forward-looking statements information involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties, which may cause actual events results differ materially from the estimates the results implied expressed such forward-looking statements. this english language white paper the primary official source information about the coinlancer(cl) token. the information contained herein may from time time translated into other languages used the course written verbal communications with existing and prospective customers, partners etc. the course such translation communication some the information contained herein may lost, corrupted, misrepresented. the accuracy such alternative communications cannot guaranteed. the event any conflicts inconsistencies between such translations and communications and this official english language white paper, the provisions this english language original document shall prevail. risk factors the purchase any tokens involves high degree risk, including but not limited the risks described below. before purchasing coinlancer(cl) tokens, recommended that each participant carefully weighs all the information and risks detailed this white paper, and, specifically, the following risk factors. dependence computer infrastructure pgep limited's dependence functioning software applications, computer hardware and the internet implies that pgep limited can offer assurances that system failure would not adversely affect the use your coinlancer(cl) tokens. despite pgep limited's implementation all reasonable network security measures, its processing center servers are vulnerable computer viruses, physical electronic break-ins other disruptions similar nature. computer viruses, break-ins other disruptions caused third parties may result interruption, delay suspension services, which would limit the use the coinlancer(cl) tokens. smart contract limitations smart contract technology still its early stages development, and its application experimental nature. this may carry significant operational, technological, regulatory, reputational and financial risks. consequently, although the audit conducted independent third party increases the level security, reliability, and accuracy, this audit cannot serve any form warranty, including any expressed implied warranty that the coinlancer(cl) smart contract fit for purpose that contains flaws, vulnerabilities issues which could cause technical problems the complete loss coinlancer(cl) tokens. www.coinlancer.io legal disclaimers regulatory risks the blockchain technology, including but not limited the issue tokens, may new concept some jurisdictions, which may then apply existing regulations introduce new regulations regarding blockchain technology-based applications, and such regulations may conflict with the current coinlancer(cl) smart contract setup and coinlancer(cl) token concept. this may result substantial modifications the coinlancer(cl) smart contract, including but not limited its termination and the loss coinlancer(cl) tokens well suspension termination all coinlancer(cl) token functions. taxes. token holders may required pay taxes associated with the transactions involving coinlancer(cl) tokens. will sole responsibility the token holders comply with the tax laws the relevant jurisdictions and pay all required taxes. force majeure. pgep limited's performance may interrupted, suspended delayed due force majeure circumstances. for the purposes this white paper, force majeure shall mean extraordinary events and circumstances which could not prevented pgep limited and shall include: acts nature, wars, armed conflicts, mass civil disorders, industrial actions, epidemics, lockouts, slowdowns, prolonged shortage other failures energy supplies communication service, acts municipal, state federal governmental agencies, other circumstances beyond pgep limited's control, which were not existence the time token sale. such circumstances occur prior issuance coinlancer(cl) tokens and pgep limited unable issue coinlancer(cl) tokens within months from the projected date, the escrow agent may issue refund the request the coinlancer(cl) token purchasers. the refund will issued the original form payment the same digital wallet bank account where the funds were transferred from. disclosure information. personal information received from coinlancer(cl) token holders, the information about the number tokens owned, the wallet addresses used, and any other relevant information may disclosed law enforcement, government officials, and other third parties when pgep limited required disclose such information law, subpoena, court order. pgep limited shall time held responsible for such information disclosure. value coinlancer(cl) token. once purchased, the value coinlancer(cl) token may significantly fluctuate due various reasons. pgep limited does not guarantee any specific value the coinlancer(cl) token over any specific period time. pgep limited shall not held responsible for any change the value coinlancer(cl) token. assumptions with respect the foregoing involve, among other things, judgments about the future economic, competitive and market conditions and business decisions, most which are beyond the control the pgep limited team and therefore difficult impossible accurately predict. although the pgep limited team believes that its assumptions underlying its forward-looking statements are reasonable, any these may prove inaccurate. result, the pgep limited team can offer assurances that the forward-looking statements contained this white paper will prove accurate. light the significant uncertainties inherent the forward-looking statements contained herein, the inclusion such information may not interpreted warranty the part pgep limited any other entity that the objectives and plans the pgep limited project will successfully achieved. please note that the pgep limited project and coinlancer(cl) token may subject other risks not foreseen its team this time. www.coinlancer.io ethereum based platform for freelance community pegp limited get touch info@coinlancer.io www.coinlancer.io fb.com/coinlancer @coin_lancer t.me/coinlancer