table contents executive summary online poker today historical difficulties with online poker ... you are not control your funds! ... the technology not transparent! ... withdrawals are still problematic despite technological advances! ... sharks swallow fish! how coinpoker can tackle these problems ... crypto-currency based online poker ... anonymity coinpoker based ethereum smart contracts rng transparency blockchains revenue distribution via smart contracts fairplay (fairblock) program and initiatives the future blockchains and how can grow with coinpoker business plan the circle money flow tournament series the end ico games and rake coinpoker less than back community our token will provide increased value for the initial holders the chp coins initiatives and approach build community token sale coinpoker official currency chips (chp) ico details timeline milestones token allocation ethereum allocation development plan coinpoker live now new games and features player partnership and referral program advisors and team meet our team our advisors partners partners important considerations: executive summary coinpoker poker room built blockchain technology that will offer fantastic value for poker players and casual purchasers. poker players will benefit from games offered extremely competitive rakes with huge value added bonuses and promotions drive traffic and potential appreciation their chps associated with the development robust poker economy. coinpoker not concept, it's been fully developed and ready launch post ico ensuring immediate benefits the chp purchasers. the software fully tested and the mvp (minimum viable product) ready try. millions have already been invested get the software this state. coinpoker's blockchain technology also solves the key obstacles inhabiting the growth online poker today, namely avoiding payment processing issues, managing game integrity, creating purely random number generation and allowing for blockchain marketing initiatives. even product design, new games can controlled blockchain voting system based user preferences. the timing perfect for coinpoker recent forecasts expect online poker surge popularity with previously taboo markets coming back online (such parts the u.s) and poker growing popularity emerging regions such asia and south america. expenditure set treble the next years. due the reasons listed above, would like introduce you our ico, initial coin offering.preico going start november th, and the ico expected start mid-january. throughout will releasing million our tokens called chips (chp). chips will our official currency that will circulate within the platform, benefiting the holders the currency. online poker today online poker enjoyed meteoric rise popularity the early mid-s but has since plateaued somewhat over the last decade so, mainly due regulation. however, forecasts show strong growth going forward. it's expected that, online gaming will grow usd billion market and poker plays significant role. this multi-billion-dollar market has been growing percent each year. estimated that online poker today accounts for usd billion overall online gambling expenditure. that figure does not account for the plethora play money poker apps facebook and other social media platforms well free poker played traditional online poker rooms. considering the number free money players the market, per-customer basis, likely considerably higher. forecasts going forward are strong with expenditure over the next years expected reach staggering usd billion alone. the main reason for the predicted increase expenditure, and trend reversal, due some positive legislative reforms established markets and continued growth emerging markets. it's expected that more than states will legalize online poker over the next few years. addition the renaissance the u.s, the market expanding emerging geographical regions such asia (including india, china and other parts south east asia), well latin america and brazil, which expected the next big "boom" region access payment processing get resolved. the evolution blockchain technologies set "game changer" for online poker too the technology has the potential solve many key historical problems prohibiting the expansion. that's where coinpoker comes our blockchain applications solve these issues! historical difficulties with online poker although the popularity poker game strong ever, online users have encountered many problems trying play the game they are passionate about. the problems are complex and varying, but would estimate, based our market knowledge and anecdotal evidence, that about the market has been lost due these issues. the major reason has been the closure (or ring fencing) large markets around the world due regulation, strict and less flexible payment providers and the change legal status for poker some countries. poker also relies network effects, the reduction player liquidity has reduced the healthiness the overall poker ecosystem. even regions that have not been affected regulation, have been impacted the reduction player liquidity other markets. addition regulatory issues, the industry has done itself favors! there have been numerous poker room scandals that have harmed the reputation online poker well fraud attempts, security and transparency issues with game logic, bureaucracy surrounding online gaming accounts and lack security, causing reduced trust online poker. the flow-on effect that poker has largely gone offline, either via legal poker rooms, pub poker underground illegal rooms which have all gained popularity. have analyzed poker from geographical perspective and mapped out summary how see the current landscape, pointing out potential growth regions taking into our account our blockchain application can address the aforementioned issues. ... you are not control your funds! one the key problems identified above that confidence has been lost the deposit and withdrawal process which the pillar any online gaming system put simply you are not control your own funds! you transfer money international poker room, cash out winnings, you are often the mercy the payment processor, poker rooms bank's bureaucracy the timing those funds, they get processed all. there are increasing kyc requirements, blocking transactions and some cases accounts have been banned and funds frozen confiscated altogether. impacts vary regionby-region basis, with some regions unable transfer outside their country all, customers face charges from between and facilitate these transactions third party brokers, often acting black markets. ... the technology not transparent! the lack transparency technology has been the number one concern around online poker game integrity and fairness. it's been the number one question since online poker began and the number one thing complained about poker communities across the world. blockchain can solve this problem! their concerns range across different issues. one their first concerns whether random number generators (rngs) are truly random could exploited. until now, this has never been fully resolved and remains area distrust. game integrity fears reached fever pitch during the absolute poker scandal when was uncovered that there was systematic cheating via backdoor entry that allowed some accounts see other players hold cards. the icing the cake was the ponzi scheme that was run full tilt poker. raymond bitar, the owner, was arrested the fbi over allegations that full tilt poker, one time the second biggest online poker company the world, defrauded players taking money that was reserved for payments and distributing directors the company. how many millions were lost during this scandal? the poker industry this day known "black friday", when full tilt playing accounts were frozen across the board. the above-mentioned examples are some "highlights" what has been "troubled" past for the industry, but there are other examples, which are too numerous mention. ... withdrawals are still problematic despite technological advances! even you are playing reputable room with fair game, problems exist around payment processing. the timeframe for withdrawals takes least two full days and much longer some regions. with smaller networks that have less established payment processing solutions, withdrawals can take weeks, even months. some poker rooms still send cheques the mail! seems every area internet gambling has had significant progress over the last decade except payment processing; which has perhaps gone backwards. this reduces trust online poker and demotivates players. while players are waiting for withdrawals processed, they often lose the funds playing casino games well. ... sharks swallow fish! given that poker regarded game skill, another issue with online poker that "smart" money tends dominate recreational players resulting high burn rate for the recreational segment the market. recreational players are nurtured well from the outset then they become loyal participants and add significantly the ecosystem, but managing new players essential. smart money comes range formats. the "ethically" based players that have developed high level skill the game and the "unethical" shady side the industry including algorithmic/machine learning bots that prey recreational players and teams colluding having more than one player table. fact, the online poker scene has matured significantly and the combination the above factors means that recreational players have never been greater disadvantage. winning accounts are often fueled rakeback incentives and other loyalty based promotions further exacerbating their advantage. the knowledge gap between recreational and smart money has been driving force killing liquidity for many years. it's been significant reason for the plateauing online poker. blockchain can reduce the gap between the smart and recreational money identifying the unethical poker accounts thereby eliminating reducing this segment the market. course, there always place poker for skill based ethical players and they should celebrated accordingly! how coinpoker can tackle these problems the blockchain revolution has the potential solve the key challenges identified above. it's perhaps the biggest hope for the future the industry. coinpoker's online poker platform which uses fully decentralized programmatic set contracts using advanced blockchain technologies via ethereum and other blockchain technologies. these processes will help eliminate/limit the major online poker problems are facing today. ... crypto-currency based online poker coinpoker will operate ethereum smart contract based crypto-currency protocols and will introduce new cryptocurrency called "chp" (chips). the most important advantage using our chp cryptocurrency you can buy online matter what geographic region you reside in. the second advantage the speed processing. players can fund withdraw from their coinpoker account instantaneously. consequence the chp has enormous utility. the chp will available globally and can purchased and tradable via reputable third party exchanges regardless the jurisdiction the purchaser; however, the chp can only used the coinpoker platform from places where legally permissible so. other words, the chp can used play poker the coinpoker platform any person who has rightful possession the chp and situated permitted jurisdiction. permitted jurisdictions, include (a) jurisdictions where online poker legal because considered game skill; (b) jurisdictions where online poker licensed legitimate authority, (c) jurisdictions where online poker not governed the laws the jurisdiction where the person situated. this process addresses two the major concerns identified above. opens previously closed geographical markets and bypasses banks, e-wallets and other third-party brokers who create distrust the poker community and cause payment delays. below you will find depiction that demonstrates how the chps will flow through the coinpoker ecosystem. ... anonymity smart contracts will guarantee the token holders' anonymity and safety. backed solid legal opinions worldwide, the poker room will operate with maximally simplified registration process, avoiding redundant user personal data collection. coinpoker based ethereum smart contracts smart contracts are central component next-generation blockchain platforms. the main goal smart contract enable two anonymous parties business with each other, usually over the internet, without the need for middleman. our main goal create next generation poker, which must meet our strict criteria: transparent fair should rely the blockchain verify gameplay. fast cheap there should zero latency between the user pressing any button and seeing the result. moreover, should avoid expensive costs blockchain transactions and data storage. using ethereum smart contracts, together with our own system, can fulfill all these criteria. players will have full visibility everything that happens the network, including game play actions players and the randomness card distribution (see section .). our ethereum-based token contracts complies with the erc standard, which has gained significant prominence among developers. more detailed info about the erc standard can found here. nearly impossible corrupt censor smart contracts, because they are placed decentralized infrastructure. all our ethereum smart contracts will publicly available for everyone see and examine. rng transparency blockchains the most important part any poker software the random number generator (rng). all softwarebased rng are effectively pseudorandom number generators (prngs), which process that appears random but not and therefore could exploited. blockchain has the potential change this. the idea transparent blockchain rng not new concept. there have been many academic discussions surrounding this idea. however, project date has successfully integrated this technology. one the principle reasons for this that blockchain technology its infancy, and processing speed limits its implementation. having said that, have developed what call "compromised" blockchain rng. this blockchain rng has been engineered use blockchain technology improve randomness, but still relies some traditional rng techniques maintain speed. technology improves, likely that full blockchain solution can implemented ensure complete randomness without compromising execution speed. various prngs implementations blockchains have run into problems, which should kept mind when trying incorporate this technology into dynamic game such online poker: oracles are third-party centralized services, working outside the blockchain structure and its consensus mechanism, which leads some obvious credibility issues. using oracles generate randomness slow, limited blockchain confirmation speeds. usually takes about minutes pick one number generate one card from the deck. would take, for example, minutes see flop hold'em. block hashes perhaps the worst implementation rng. they are slow and fundamentally vulnerable attack due their poor design. you can see none the current technologies can create manageable game poker terms speed. there are two other important reasons that suggest, least this early stage, purely on-chain architecture may not optimal. ethereum transaction confirmation times result significantly delayed responsiveness (around according april's data), which would unacceptable for poker players. ethereum blockchain requires fees paid for every transaction. every card shuffle would transaction, which worth approx -usd ether cryptocurrency, this would create very expensive and unbeatable game for both the poker players and poker room. part our core intellectual property, have invented what believe the most accurate rng the market, based hybrid system using pre-committed partial rng seeds provided separately each participating player and the operator. these partial seeds are combined into one and then used the rng engine (sfmt algorithm), which placed inside our server. all gameplay actions, including each participants seed information are recorded and uploaded publicly defined time intervals. final game information becomes visible via smart contract blockchain, where everyone can review and verify the randomness procedure. using this system described the diagram below, are decentralizing rng, making fully transparent, eliminating unbeatable blockchain transaction fees and gaining manageable speeds that will increase over time. all players provide their own phrase (seed). poker server combines all phrases: player player server, use rng and later sends data smart contract. players can review and check transparency whole process. coinpoker smart contract for data storage blockchains sfmt improved mersenne twister algorithm and based the mersenne prime revenue distribution via smart contracts rather than providing traditional rakeback, whereby the mechanism often unclear and sometimes shady coinpoker will use blockchain based community reward system keep poker rooms liquidity and stable fair and transparent manner. smart contract will created for monthly revenue distribution the community for full transparency. each month, coinpoker will transfer less than tokens collected via these smart contracts. distribution channels will have separated public blockchain wallets, where everyone will able track the movement funds. revenue will distributed back into the system according the following diagram. fairplay (fairblock) program and initiatives the coinpoker fairplay security and fraud system will monitor user actions identify and eliminate unethical/robot play per account basis. for example, our algorithm will analyze all actions and characteristics each account distinguish between human and bot-like behavior. this will help identify unfair play, malignant solutions and programs, bots etc. the following techniques will developed: player behavior analysis. our team poker professionals and the use computer algorithms will look for anomalies help identify unfair play. such anomalies might include simple solutions such too many continuous games without break, too many simultaneous games (indicating bots) being played high level, or, accounts playing too quickly and very high level consistently. even mouse clicks and other actions can used identify unfair game play. more advanced techniques will involve identifying fraud using artificial intelligence and other machine learning algorithms, which might extend deep learnings. outside machine learning, benford's law can also implemented detect other forms fraud, much like banks and other financial institutions use. for example, this technology could used pick chip dumping. have invested into leading experts and technologies make game security one our highest priorities. captcha these heuristic approaches will require users "prove" that they are human (in case successful detection). the premise behind captcha technology require human interactively solve problem that difficult (or more desirably impossible) for computer solve. voting system. the leading experts identifying fraudsters has always been other poker players. for example, was poker players that uncovered the ultimate bet scandal. coinpoker players will encourage reporting/voting suspicious playing. identify trend with account further analysis will conducted. collusion detection system will build machine learning algorithms continuously analyses hand histories search for signs team-play, collusion and chip dumps, which common problem with online poker. this technology can also built the blockchain for full transparency. the future blockchains and how can grow with coinpoker will the heart blockchain development poker. such, new and exciting blockchain applications, most which have not even been thought of, will developed over time with the overall goal providing more transparency the industry. eventually, solution will exist have fully decentralized poker, otherwise known mental poker (the idea, first described the paper cryptographers adi shamir, ron rivest and leonard adleman proposes encryption scheme and communication protocol that ensures shuffled deck are unreadable any single player encrypting and shuffling the card cooperatively). although, the inherent "peer peer" nature mental poker can difficult manage and doesn't blend well with traditional serverbased online game models, believe could the right path for all community poker. coinpoker business plan coinpoker will merge traditional poker models with the cryptocurrency world, maximizing the chance success. this will combine two communities well, poker players and crypto investors. whilst there will some overlap, general poker players can thought the mass market while crypto investors, this stage, are more niche. how does the business model work? first coinpoker will generate revenues taking small administration fee the way chp for running and administrating the games much like the way traditional poker rooms collect rake. our chp cryptocurrency will listed various exchanges and has great potential increase the strength and success the poker platform. this will suit investors who might not have underlying interest poker. the circle money flow coinpoker will bring increased player value users. facilitate this, tokens distributed through the ico will reserved build poker room liquidity offering incentives such juicy tournament guarantees, leaderboards and freerolls, which believe will have immediate effect. aim offer early adopters significant value which will viral through poker communities. every month less than the rake and fees collected will returned players form increased bonuses and promotions such tournament prize pool benefit recreational players and control the climate our games. the promotions will aimed making sure the recreational players, they join the network, see continued value which will build thriving ecosystem and create loyalty and word mouth advertising. more players join the network, more games will run with larger the prizes. tournament series the end ico all the chp holders will able participate the first tournaments series the completion the ico, where we're going return the coins raised the ico coins back the community. this has the potential the largest giveaway poker history! *the amounts provided are approximate. expected that these tournaments will run with least six figure added value, which will massive incentive for traditional poker players join the network providing immediate liquidity. such prize pools attract big numbers players, average each tournament based online poker room benchmarking. the mainstream community will need buy tokens participate, driving revenue for coinpoker and increase the value the chp for chp holders. top added from the ico tokens will throw additional tokens from our generated monthly revenue increase value not only special events but daily regular tournaments well. pokerstars, and party poker great example how special events attract lot more players compared the regular ones. games and rake coinpoker coinpoker will offer traditional "cash" games and tournament play all using chp tokens. initially, coinpoker will allow poker players play the most popular games including texas holdem limit and pot limit omaha with limit starting the equivalent eur. for the big blind all the way eur. starting with lower limits expected attract the recreational players, which essential build thriving community. coinpoker will add higher limits according demand, which could range eur, equivalent per big blind. over time, will develop other types poker liquidity builds including -card omaha, limit games open face chinese poker. the tournament section will where most the value for players. buy-ins will range from eur eur equivalent chp tokens for the first month after the room launches. coinpoker will add tournaments the value eur, depending demand. since blockchain technology allows build truly global site games will run cover all key time zones for coinpoker players. will offer very competitive rake with cash games raked with certain caps adjusted for different limits, this significantly less than the market average importantly, many the regions that will market have alternative and often play offline poker with higher uncapped rakes. coinpoker will offer tremendous value and new found convenience those players. although the target market recreational players, recognize that there will demand from high stakes players, particularly out asia, who might also cryptocurrency enthusiast. cater for this market, will introduce rake caps, making coinpoker the most attractive option the market for these players. expected that this will lead higher stake games being well patronized. here example how rake caps affect different limits. providing low rake environment should also attract the traditional rakeback players the total rake that they are paying coinpoker will equivalent what they are paying now, considering the rakeback they are getting offered other sites (which usually around %). this attractive proposition compared pure rakeback model which tends benefit the high volume "smart" money players the expense the recreational player. this should ensure that the recreational players are competing even playing field. the other issue with pure rakeback model that money leaves the ecosystem the "smart" money cashes out their rakeback. coinpoker has better model using blockchain based community revenue share approach. instead delivering rakeback selected community member, part rake will returned community adding loyalty programs and additional funds create action the poker room. this fair and engaging model keep the poker rooms liquidity and ensures continued action. the advantage this approach that money can directed back towards the recreational player stimulating the ecosystem, rather than the sharks who take money out the economy. some ideas around this include: worst bad beats the month (voted the community); participation forums and other social media; refer-a-friend programs; random giveaways; player bounties; less than back community although there are obvious benefits blockchain poker site, the most important element success providing much value customers possible poker players. every month less than the revenue raised will returned the community through various promotions including rake races, daily tournaments, jackpots etc. this very important part this project these tools will ensure player loyalty through rewards. not only that, these monthly contributions will reach players pockets and keep tokens circulating for significant time period. daily and weekly tournaments: each day will schedule tournaments with additional chp bonuses added. leaderboards: leaderboards will award active recreational players. jackpot: after development this feature we're going contribute our monthly revenues jackpots. bounties: through various promotions will reward players who will bring other players the network (refer-a-friend). addition this, will reward players who play our play money app version before the ico with real chp coins. loyalty program: after development loyalty program, players will able earn points from various games and limits. the more they play, the higher limits they crush, the more points they will get. however, this system will weighted benefit recreational players, more than the sharks. later those points can converted chp buy into other games tournaments coinpoker. after this program will developed will unite cashback and leaderboards. our token will provide increased value for the initial holders the chp coins holders chp post ico will benefit from increase the price chp demand for coins increases. the only way for any poker fan play coinpoker buy coins market rates. the site grows, outlined above, will the price chp coins, this will result more utility and use the platform. coinpoker will release million chips (chp) tokens into the market (see token sale) and this amount will fixed. newcomers the site after ico, those who have lost and need chip again, will need buy additional chp. this, they will need buy chp the exchange from holders chps looking cash out, these transactions are done market rates. this structure fixed supply and increasing demand will cause the price chp rise facilitating significant return-on-investment for early adopters giving them more playing power the coinpoker network. here's simple example: there's coins the market spread evenly between players with coins each. statistically poker players are winners online poker, eventually all the coins will end one player's wallet. the remaining players will have buy additional tokens order play and this demand will increase the value all tokens. initiatives and approach build community coinpoker are offering partners the ability run their own referral business. will offer revenue share, way tokens, those that help build our community via referrals which will fully transparent. referees can choose keep the coins offer some them back into the system generate more referrals higher customer value for existing customers. also plan reward those that participate actively the community with tokens help promote good social networking. our team also motivated increase the popularity various formats the game which have been lost with the domination holdem, which will bring back the fun online poker. through communities are going organize various region dedicated events both live and online. the community can even vote and decide which games and products add. token sale coinpoker going launch pre-ico (initial coin offering) november help fund the ambition become first real cryptocurrency based online poker room. the main ico expected launch mid-january. coinpoker official currency chips (chp) coinpoker official currency called chips (chp). chips will cryptocurrency based ethereum and can used for buy-in for all games coinpoker. the chp will divisible decimal points, just like eth cryptocurrency and will transferrable well. the chp rises value will ready adjust game limits accordingly pegged the euro. ico details timeline please find details bellow our ico details, token price and time. due the eth price fluctuations, will making adjustments our ico pricing. are still working choosing the best method and delivering exactly what promised. milestones coinpoker already advanced development with the mvp complete. this ico different from many the market place have working product, which can launch right after the ico. our play money version coinpoker has already provided proof concept. with that said, there will continued development post ico and significant testing before launch token allocation we'll leave tokens for purchase. the remaining will reserved for promotions ensure the best possible value for players, according the following schedule. tokens will reserved for value added our tournament series attract players. token will reserved the exchange that players can deposits after the end ico. this will also help many exchanges possible. the remaining will divided between management and advisors for their contribution the project (see team and advisors). ethereum allocation most the ethereum collected fund this project will towards fulfilling our development plan using blockchain technologies (see development plan), integration cryptocurrencies, development transparent blockchain applications well maintaining the poker room and servers. developing new features please our customers will also priority. funds will also used for marketing ensure that coinpoker ranked highly all over the poker community. our goal visible everywhere possible and with the help our team and ambassadors believe can make this reality. the eth collected will distributed according the following table. development plan coinpoker play money version. fully functional texas hold'em poker cash and tournament games. cashier module improvement for ethereum based coinpoker tokens (chp) processing. fairplay security and fraud system (heatmaps and captcha, see section fully functional cryptocurrency (chp tokens) version. fairplay security and fraud system (time alerting and voting system, see section .). jackpots. new games: ofc (open face chinese) fully decentralized random number generation (see section .). coinpoker mobile client version. are planning develop cross-platform mobile version for both ios and android. advanced fraud detection techniques developed poker server data storing blockchains via smart contract. new games: card omaha and multiple day tournaments poker data review page and tools, which will released publicly for rng transparency validation. fairplay security and fraud system (collusion detection system, see section .). player referral and partner program. bonus and insurance systems. new games: double hold'em, pineapple hold'em and all-in poker loyalty program (see section .). new games: spin (the regular poker game where players will spin their prizepool) and mixed game tournaments *coinpoker community will decide what games will released developed. coinpoker live now coinpoker not concept, it's already here! proof, you can play fully functional coinpoker play money desktop application. you can jump and try with your friends right now. each day we'll credit your account with play money chips which you'll able spend across various poker games. play against your friends with others online. any feedback would greatly appreciated. new games and features per our development plan, we'll continue develop our poker applications even further. our main focus launch will course providing crypto-currency based platform and rng generator, but we'll not forget our players well, who are always seeking some fun games play and huge rewards for doing so. have open face chinese poker ready for everyone's enjoyment. our plan start with ofc pineapple version cash games and depending popularity we'll move onto the famous pineapple, progressive pineapple and turbo ofc. very important part our development plan build android and ios applications. we're happy say that this work that has already started with highly skilled ios and android devs working and we're hoping present you results later than next the agenda building vip system (loyalty system), release bonuses and affiliate program for partners. poker evolving, specially online with new games and formats being added every month. coinpoker will agile enough move these exciting new developments they arise provide new formats for recreational poker players. name few: all-in poker poker sng games, where players all-in every hand mixed game tournaments where we'll offer combination games such ofc, texas hold'em and omaha which will change every round. -card omaha various hold'em versions player partnership and referral program one our focuses after the ico will develop player partnership platform. such programs have been significant driver traffic for traditional online poker rooms. however, the advantage coinpoker's blockchain technology that affiliates can have full visibility over the players they refer because blockchain can used monitor their activities. building this technology will priority and should empower affiliates maximise the engagement their referrals, increasing network revenues. this platform can extend monitoring players results, bonuses, deposits and other financial data. affiliates can manage their own business and even empower sub manages and team leaders under tree structure. master affiliates can also provide poker training etc. different referrals based their ability which visible. advisors and team our project heavily backed the poker community well crypto enthusiasts all over the world. our advisors board includes such respected names hsdb, pokertube, pokernews, well brian hall, warren lush, teresa nousiainen. we're planning add lot more familiar faces including poker pros and crypto industry sharks the project progresses. meet our team rene boutestijn chief development officer justas kregzde cto smart contract developer michael josem head security isabele mercier community manager paulius mikaliunas product manager alex mishiev online business strategy digital marketing expert our advisors partners antanas guoga tony entrepreneur mike segal cryptography expert kevin hobbs blockchain technology expert danilo carlucci marketing communication expert emerson fonseca cryptofonzy blockchain consultant, cryptocurrency trader and community advisor teresa nousiainen poker and community advisor warren anthony lush and marketing expert brian thomas hall legal advisor eugene dubossarsky data scientist chadd burgess quantitative trader capital markets consultant partners valuenet capital venture fund investors digitalx financial technical advisors pokernews biggest online poker news and affiliation site the world highstakesdb online poker news pokertube world's largest poker media portal, providing all the essential poker shows, live events and videos. important considerations: the health the coinpoker platform and all technical developments are subject changes the interpretation, application and regulation gaming laws multiple jurisdictions around the world. sudden changes can impact the utility and value the coin and the health the coinpoker network. although this document details the coinpoker platform and its functionality, the chp coin not limited use only this platform. the value the coin will depend the health the platform and the adoption its use the general public, which can impacted many factors that are beyond the control coinpoker. such, neither the coinpoker, nor the chp make any representation the health the coinpoker economy whatsoever. addition, the ability trade the coin outside coinpoker may impacted third parties and their trading policies. again, this beyond the control chp and neither chp nor coinpoker have any obligations related the external trading the coin. please advised that this document was originally drafted the english language. consequently, and without limitation, this original english language version shall prevail the event that there are any inconsistencies, conflicts uncertainties, any kind whatsoever, between the original english version and any version translated into any other languages whatsoever.