coin starter whitepaper table contents abstract........................................................................................................................... ii. introduction.................................................................................................................... iii. about initial coin offerings........................................................................................... iv. the ico market............................................................................................................. problems with the ico market...................................................................................... vi. blockchain technology.................................................................................................. vii. problems with the crowdfunding market.................................................................... viii. the solution: coinstarter.............................................................................................. ix. beginnings..................................................................................................................... businefy.com................................................................................................................. xi. plug and play................................................................................................................. xii. coinstarterbox.............................................................................................................. xiii. startercoin.................................................................................................................... xiv. the startercoin economy............................................................................................. xv. listed public exchanges.......................................................................................... xvi. custom wallet............................................................................................................... xvii. proprietary technology................................................................................................ xviii. trusted name............................................................................................................... xix. features the platform.............................................................................................. xx. members....................................................................................................................... xxi. financial advantages................................................................................................... xxii. running your own ico our platform..................................................................... xxiii. start. build. grow........................................................................................................ xxiv. the coinstarter ico................................................................................................... xxv. ico distribution funds........................................................................................... xxvi. ico crowdsale bonus schedule................................................................................... xxvii. future goals................................................................................................................. xxviii. top questions answers....................................................................................... xxix. the team...................................................................................................................... xxx. regulation.................................................................................................................... xxxi. disclaimers................................................................................................................... this document and its contents are not designed act investment brochure. time the information contained within this whitepaper considered investment legal advice. the coinstarter ico not considered investment opportunity and those taking part are advised read both this whitepaper and our terms and conditions before doing so.this whitepaper has been developed collaboration with our compliance advisors gresham international and our entire team professional advisors. abstract since the start the cryptocurrency market cap nearly percent. fact, some coins are rising sharply they are astounding many the community. one the critical reasons for this dramatic rise the number new cryptocurrencies entering the market their ability structured crowdfunding opportunity for new projects. while the number new initial coin offerings (icos) not precisely known, what known that the third quarter initial coin offerings (icos) raised more money than the entire venture capital market for the same period. several factors have led increasing amount uncertainty and fueled lack confidence the traditional crowdfunding market. coinstarter uniquely positioned tackle these problems well those associated with initial coin offerings (icos). coinstarter first its kind technology platform for the ico crowdfunding market. our user-friendly and intuitive platform the perfect fundraising tool that addresses all the issues for entrepreneurs, innovators and creators seeking bring their ideas reality. with the help our proprietary devices, users can launch their campaigns and coins just few minutes opposed the days, weeks and months required other crowdfunding platforms. our community has over (growing daily) loyal ico enthusiasts that will get the word out about upcoming icos. additionally, the coinstarter members will able use the coinstarter platform launch their own icos well take advantage unique suite products including businefy and coinstarterbox. businefy unique business analytics platform that provides all the essential software applications fully manage all aspects enterprise crowdsale campaign from project management hiring payroll and much more. this powerful utility will undoubtedly help our community grow any blockchain enterprise campaign from early-stage startup growth-stage company. coinstarterbox the first and original ico coin subscription service. every month send carefully curated coins the best icos members' ethereum wallet. this function makes fun and easy for members find promising icos and get some their coins significantly below retail prices. coinstarter will launch its own "total taken" style ico with initial issue coins limited (nine hundred eighty million) during which that will made available during the pre-ico and ico period. our initial coin offering period will run for four weeks with the ability extend for additional two weeks have not achieved our soft target. startercoins will available discount during the initial coin offering. any unsold coins from the coinstarter ico are burned. within few weeks following the ico, startercoins will available most exchanges. the ico features the sale startercoins: cryptocurrency which gives rights and privileges their owners when using the coinstarter platform and its family services. with simple license fee structure, users coinstarter will able start, build and grow their enterprise. coinstarter charges standard the total completed campaigns and the newly issued coins raised during the campaign. unlike most blockchain start-ups, have working product beta, not just road map and white paper. also have over members who are anxious participate the coinstarter economy. plan full launch our platform february introduction all truth passes through three stages. first, ridiculed. second, violently opposed. third, accepted being self-evident. -arthur schopenhauer for years, fans digital currency have had endure both ridicule and violent opposition discussions surrounding the new frontier crypto-economics. but the latest figures seem suggest that there's sea change occurring. the advantages, well sustainability digital currency, are becoming more and more self-evident. since the start the cryptocurrency market cap nearly percent. fact, some coins are rising sharply they are astounding many the community. many institutions agree. goldman sachs recently stated "that becoming more difficult for clients ignore the cryptocurrency market" continues surge. another quote: "the debate has shifted from the legitimacy the 'fiat the internet' how fast new entrants are raising funds. whether not you believe the merit investing cryptocurrencies (you know who you are) real dollars are work here and warrant watching especially light the growing world initial coin offerings (icos) and fundraising that now exceeds internet angel and seed investing." one the critical reasons for this dramatic rise the number new cryptocurrencies entering the market their ability structured crowdsale opportunity for new projects. while the number new icos not precisely known, what known that the third quarter initial coin offerings raised more money than the entire venture capital market for the same period. aside from the option, believe that people are now beginning see the fundamental problems with the traditional crowdfunding model. the traditional crowdfunding model has some inherent problems that any user who has either backed participated crowdfunding campaign understands. first, there are high levels fraud for the entire crowdfunding industry. large number campaigns are subject massively miscalculated over exaggerated projects both value and success. second, the accessibility crowdfunding projects notoriously restricted and only available specific locations and often times opened only specific qualified groups people. third, the commission taken third parties increasingly detrimental with some crowdfunding organizations taking the raised funds. all these elements combined have led increasing amount uncertainty and fueled lack confidence the traditional crowdfunding market. coinstarter going take these and other problems within the crowdfunding market and challenge them head-on. using unique technology set, coinstarter's custom developed system will provide entrepreneurs, creators and innovators access the funding they need while allowing army global backers take part helping develop groundbreaking new ideas. coinstarter already and running beta with over active members who are real coin enthusiasts. believe coinstarter can complete development the first stage our technology and ready for full launch out beta sometime late february about initial coin offerings you may novice and have never heard the term initial coin offerings (ico), you may pro and have already taken part some yourself. regardless your ico knowledge, you should still take the time read this whitepaper full. essential understand icos because after coinstarter has completed our ico, plan assisting thousands new icos. initial coin offerings are the first time that coins are available the general public. sometimes, like with coinstarter, companies may make coins available before the ico period highly discounted rate for individual contributors. often known the pre-ico period, where coins can bought directly from the company discounted price before the ico has commenced. pre-ico contributors are usually selected, apply, are personally invited take part, unlike during the ico itself where anyone can take part. the pre-ico and ico period allow users buy coins discounted rate. the sooner you buy them, the more you get for your money. further encourage people buy these coins early, coinstarter, like most companies, also offers substantial bonus for early participation. the ico period usually lasts for few weeks and has goal attached it. this case, call this set funding which all funds returned the project doesn't meet the stated goal. for projects with strict minimums, this option can give the creator more comfort the campaign doesn't expected. this option would automatically place the funds hold until the campaign ends. the other option flex funding where all funds are kept the project creator even the project doesn't meet its stated campaign goal. flex the most popular funding campaign choice. coinstarter will use the flex funding option for its ico. most icos are paid for cryptocurrencies donations made directly fiat (normal) currencies. there some debate icos should accept fiat currencies. now, coinstarter ico will paid and processed with cryptocurrencies only. before taking part ico, you need check your country allows you under its financial laws. once the ico, has ended, you will able purchase startercoins through third-party exchanges. the startercoins will tradable with other users the currency, creating sub-economy. many things can impact the value coin, such as: the amount supply and demand the coin the number trades that happen with the coin the coin listed any third party exchanges the overall success the project the ico market within the last six months, there has been massive boom the ico market. estimated that the ico market would have raised almost billion dollars the end the crypto market growing for several reasons, according analysts. steady supply initial coin offerings (icos), rising number funds that trade cryptocurrencies and the sustained interest investors are all contributing this trend. fintech firms raised far more through icos during the first half this year than they did through venture capital investment. these innovative token sales are lessening interest more traditional methods raising capital and driving crypto markets higher, said brad chun, chief investment officer hedge fund shuttle fund advisor. said: "the ease fundraising via ico drawing both entrepreneurs and investors away from less effective capital raising channels." another compelling reason for the ico boom rising adoption. the market the midst considerable shift towards greater adoption. this momentum will continue attract new money into this very new ecosystem. those thinking participating round crowdfunding either the primary secondary type fundraising exercise should now focusing the ico crowdsale market. this undoubtedly where the smart money gravitating. all accounts, are the very early stages the ico revolution. problems with the ico market you have probably guessed now, the ico market little like the wild west the financial world. different countries have different views how treat both icos and cryptocurrencies. the underlying problem that there real unified regulation around icos. each jurisdiction will have its own set rules. conducting and participating ico can regulatory minefield depending your location. however, this lack regulatory framework demands much respect does concern. the inherently decentralized nature cryptocurrencies designed ensure lack involvement regulatory and government authorities. the blockchain idea intended for less regulation, more personal control, and more efficiency. much like the old traditional peer-to-peer crowdfunding, the new system adds layer decentralization. blockchain allows people collaborate securely and directly thereby achieving the very best results. with the lack regulatory framework around icos, the system subject erratic behavior some because the lack rules and guidelines. however, coinstarter recognizes this tremendous opportunity help shape and guide the direction this new ecosystem. another problem the lack universal standards. for example, ethereum and bitcoin use different back-end technologies make their transactions work. while this type diversity great for blockchain innovation, the lack uniformity among developers can create hard solve problems. the final problem cost. launch your currency way ico, can run more than (some have been known cost over $,,). launching involves heavy development team that would need able customize your coin, platform, wallet and other related blockchain technologies. also, there marketing, legal and additional operating cost launch successful ico. blockchain technology the creation blockchain technology allows users undertake transactions directly with one another using ledger based technology. these transactions are conducted using method cryptography; this ensures that transactions are both verified and secure, system which not available anywhere else the planet. the decentralized database, "digital ledger", transactions that can seen users available the network. think this like list all the transactions that have happened since the start the coin. this transparency helps users understand how well the currency doing and also verify each transaction occurs. more technological sense, this network chain computers that must all approve exchange before can verified and recorded. blockchain continuously growing list records, called blocks, which are linked and secured using cryptography. each block contains hash pointer typically link previous block, timestamp and transaction data. design, blockchains are inherently resistant modification the data. functionally, blockchain can serve open, distributed ledger that can record transactions between two parties efficiently and verifiably and permanently. blockchain technology has enormous potential transform business operating models the long term. blockchain distributed ledger technology more foundational technology, with it, the potential create new global economic and social system that can remove third parties from transactions. these new applications for blockchain include cryptocurrencies including bitcoin, blackcoin, dash, and nxt-and blockchain platforms such factom distributed registry, gems for decentralized messaging, maidsafe for decentralized applications, storj and sia for distributed cloud storage, and tezos for decentralized voting. problems with the crowdfunding market initially, crowdfunding based the idea that small amount money raised from large group people. crowdfunding was designed allow ordinary individuals contribute towards plan project that they like. doing so, they support the project. estimated billion was raised using crowdfunding methods. unfortunately, the original ideals crowdfunding have gotten lost translation, and now crowdfunding used primary means fundraising for bigger and bigger projects. however, there are large number problems with the current crowdfunding model and touched these briefly the start this whitepaper. first, there are high levels fraud. large number campaigns are subject massive miscalculation over exaggeration both value and success. second, the accessibility crowdfunding projects becoming more restricted. crowdfunding only available certain jurisdictions and different rules apply with depending your economic group. third, the commission taken the platform and other third parties can de-incentivize everyone involved with the campaign. fact, some crowdfunding organizations are taking much the raised funds. additional problems include: possible taxes funds raised poor kyc and aml little support help promote the campaign scattered network participants with centralized community clearly, the current crowdfunding market not delivering. those trying raise funds are stripped what they have raised with little support from the platforms themselves. although this not the only reason, indeed crucial factor why many crowdfunding campaigns fail hit their estimated target. however, many believe they have found alternative: the new crowdfunding ico model using blockchain technologies. the solution: coinstarter coinstarter first its kind technology. our user-friendly platform the perfect fundraising tool that addresses all the issues the crowdfunding ico model. with the help our proprietary software, users can launch their campaigns and coins just few minutes opposed the days, weeks and months required other crowdfunding platforms. provide complete suite products help participants achieve success. from the launch their campaigns the distribution coins, make every step easy and intuitive. our community has over loyal ico enthusiasts that will get the word out about upcoming icos. the cost marketing, and community involvement reduced the presence ever-growing audience. coinstarter helps solve many issues raising funds for our projects. receiving funds cryptocurrency, our creators automatically have access the entire world. coinstarter eliminates all the inefficiencies financial institutions and intermediaries. beginnings coinstarter developed cornell holloway and his team (find out more about him the team section this white paper). cornell from his teenage years always loved where ideas and technology intersect. cornell understood that there was definite need simplify the ico process for those who had new ideas but lacked the technical skill set enter the cryptocurrency market with their coin token offering. coinstarter launched their sign-up july quickly went viral and within six weeks had over (sixty thousand) subscribers, all whom showed interest either launching their own ico taking part the coinstarter community for crowdfunding purposes. just the last three months our beta, the coinstarter platform has over projects being developed creators, and over submitted waiting for approval the coinstarter team. once membership hit coinstarter made strategic decision launch its own ico and use those proceeds develop the platform further. coinstarter made calculated decision allow the platform establish stable deployment path and game plan before continuing the growth. the coinstarter team aware its potential and plans expanding its platform with the proceeds from the ico crowdsale. our goal launch the coinstarter platform february businefy.com businefy unique business analytics platform that provides all the essential software applications fully manage all aspects enterprise crowdsale campaign from project management hiring payroll and much more. best all, users can access all businefy's services with coinstarter coins. transferring coinstarter coins onto their businefy wallet, they can use applications available throughout the businefy ecosystem. businefy powerful utility that will help our community grow any enterprise campaign from early-stage startup growth-stage company. businefy committed blockchain innovation. the robust service not offered any other competing platform. project management run individual multiple projects from one collaborative platform ensuring smooth project management and delivery. client management embed your crm into your day day life keeping track your clients, prospects, and active opportunities through the client management system. team management manage your team through the team management function; monitoring time worked, days off, sick time, vacation, and project delivery. business intelligence compare your position the market and watch your competitors with the highly innovative business intelligence engine built into the platform. the system works users transferring startercoins onto their businefy wallet, which then allows them safely and securely access all the applications the businefy ecosystem. the businefy system allows companies grow harnessing the power blockchain technology. service offered one. plug and play both the businefy and coinstarter platforms are designed easily accessible and easily integrated into both business practice and existing technologies. the user experience designed enable those who have never run crowdsale campaign before easily able set and run their crowdsale campaign using the coinstarter platform. the same true businefy. those who have never used saas platform assisting with their business functions will find the system easy use. coinstarterbox coinstarterbox, the first and original ico coin subscription service. every month send carefully curated coins the best icos members' ethereum wallet. this service makes fun and easy for members find promising icos and get some their coins significantly below retail prices. how works the process incredibly simple, fun and easy use. thecoinstarterbox members will merely add their ethereum wallet address, select which type ico categories they are interested in, choose some coins they'd like receive each month and they instantly become part the coinstarter family! where are the coins coming from? coins are coming from our partners both our platform and outside our platform. coinstarterbox marketing company, allow the best ico projects reach into our member base and provide their coins. exchange, the ico will gain exposure and feedback. our members are coin enthusiasts, icos are delighted reach these eyeballs hopes they will participate their initial coin offering (ico). when they receive coin, they'll also obtain more information about the project relates and how they can use the coin. members can even participate the campaign and get more coins from the creators. all coins received are curated industry experts and relate ico campaign that either preparing has ongoing pre-ico ico. startercoin the next step the coinstarter journey the launch the startercoin. purpose-built coin using the coinstarter network that will allow members take active role the development the company. startercoins are cryptocurrency which gives rights and privileges their owners when using the coinstarter platform and its family services.startercoins are available discount during the ico. any unsold coins during the ico burned. within few weeks following the ico, startercoins will available most exchanges. the starter coin created for many reasons including: utility for many the services provided within the coinstarter ecosystem. those who plan use our platform launch their crowdsale campaign can rest assured that the coinstarter name brand that people will associate with innovation and great ideas. creation stable, usable currency that will continue grow the platform evolves. deploying our own coin allows users have access both the coinstarter, businefy and coinstarterbox platforms. the startercoins are usable all our products but are also interchangeable with other coins launched through our platform. users can show their support participating with each other with the startercoin their own issued coin. after the initial coin offering (ico), intend have the startercoin listed all the important the exchanges help promote both the services offer and the value the coin itself. startercoins are generated the ethereum blockchain and follow the erc standards which are the most popular and supported most exchange platforms today. using our coins after the ico has passed. the coinstarter team not just dreaming ways that their coin can used the future; we're already acting it. not only will the startercoin usable the businefy and coinstarterbox platforms, but coinstarter also continues add new features the platform that will increase the use and value the startercoin. the startercoin will genuinely valuable asset for those who choose use their business activities. startercoins limited during their release, which means that their future value tied their business model: campaigns, the number circulation, and usability (the amount additional use you have with the coin). the startercoin will equal stc eth and fixed the level startercoin eth, which forms the value the startercoin and allows our users set how many coins they will need reach the target during the ico. the market changes, determined the variables listed above, the value the startercoin will fluctuate accordingly. coinstarter determined ensure that the ecosystem associated with its coins free, fair, and stable machine that free unnecessary burdens such regulatory impositions and those who wish manipulate the startercoins. order maintain the balance this ecosystem, coinstarter may take steps prevent unfair market practices. revenue projections the coinstarter platform will charge fee startercoins (stc) launch project and the total raised for any campaign. moreover, the platform will charge fee any newly issued token launched the platform. consequence these newly issued tokens, will create crypto currency fund which all the currencies will traded held for investment purposes. depending our involvement with client campaign our participation could higher terms take. these structured and minimum fees will provide stable and consistent revenue stream for the coinstarter platform. addition, intend generate substantial revenue from coinstarterbox and businefy applications. there's already been high demand for these products our users during the current beta period. these are the products we've already launched beta, but plan introducing more verticals the coming months that will promising for continued revenue growth. listed public exchanges the startercoin will list cryptocurrency exchanges outside the coinstarter platform. will register under the abbreviation (stc). like all other coins, its value will depend many things, market cap level, interest and other factors. our aim listed most major exchanges maximize market interest and make the coin transferable possible. custom wallet coinstarter will house its custom wallet that will allow users store both the startercoin (obtained during and after our ico) and also those coins which are developed others through the coinstarter platform. unlike any other wallet, our current system allows users store various coins created internally the coinstarter platform. have many more features coming february for the coinstarter wallet. proprietary technology coinstarter deploys proprietary custom technology ensuring secure and smooth transactions within the blockchain. the user interface and technology set have been designed user-friendly and intuitive for every step the process. coinstarter taking the latest technology and giving the individuals who will able support their projects like never before. additionally, the coinstarter technology uses all the usual elements you would expect see from cryptocurrency including secure movements, stable exchanges, and verified transactions. trusted name combining the decentralized ethos cryptocurrencies and marrying that with the freedom crowdfunding campaigns means that the startercoin will become one the most trusted names the cryptocurrency world. the focus community within the coinstarter ecosystem. features the platform the startercoin will listed cryptocurrency exchanges outside the coinstarter platform. will listed under the abbreviation (stc). like all other coins, its value will depend the amount trades, market cap level, interest and other factors. our aim listed most major exchanges maximize market interest and make the coin transferable possible. startercoin this feature allows you earn startercoins completing tasks. referring new members the coinstarter platform gives you bonus coins. discover campaigns this popular feature provides you window into current future projects scheduled launched. there are currently projects being built the coinstarter platform and over submitted for approval. portfolio this feature where you'll view and monitor campaigns that you're supporting. wallets this wallet feature shows your overall contribution campaigns and summary all issued coins you real time. campaigns with this feature, you can manage your past, present and future campaigns. syndicates this new feature coming soon will allow you start join syndicate and follow established ico influencers. start new campaign this feature provides you the opportunity launch coin based funding campaign more traditional crowdfunding campaign. businefy this our blockchain based saas platform for business. coinstarter box get curated ico coins delivered your wallet, every month. members have over active members who are ico and cryptocurrency enthusiast. the sizeable coinstarter community gives tremendous advantage over any other platform the market today. more important, our platform has reached this our first three months beta. the growth potential believe will explode once live with our campaigns. have over projects development, and over them have submitted waiting for approval the coinstarter team. financial advantages the coinstarter platform putting realistic and easy use solution the hands those creators and entrepreneurs who wish raise funds for project business idea. current methods raising funds are poorly designed and suffer the shortfalls being subject taxes' and high fees. alternative ico crowdfunding sources suggest that you won't have pay any taxes the amount you raise. that just isn't always true. the coinstarter platform will allow those who have raised funds through ico transfer the money back them cryptocurrencies. users should note that some jurisdictions when you convert cryptocurrencies into fiat currency, this then becomes subject tax. however, each creator should seek advice from their tax specialist for their jurisdiction. will charge you small fee the total funds raised the end the campaign line with our pricing structure (on our website). will then also ask for certain amount the tokens that you have issued additional compensation for running the campaign using the coinstarter platform. running your own ico using our platform the coinstarter platform easy and straightforward method for those looking crowdfund project business. running ico from our platform comes with huge advantages besides the economic benefits mentioned above. ongoing support members get continuing support from the coinstarter community, well our online support team for technical help. this combined support allows them discuss ideas, answer questions, and get support from those who have already carried out ico. already attracted investors the coinstarter platform already has over members who are interested individuals who are looking for opportunities the ico space. using the coinstarter platform will allow creators showcase their ideas some the most technologically forward-thinking individuals the planet. because venture funds and financial institutions have yet embrace cryptocurrencies, the people paying attention coinstarter are those who have the foresight see remarkable opportunity. these are probably the kind people creators campaigns want look their projects. simple fee structure creating account coinstarter free. coinstarter license fees are follows: (a) fee startercoins for launching project the coinstarter platform; (b) the total campaign raised; (c) any newly issued token the coinstarter platform. all license fees charged coinstarter are carried out with the help smart contracts and are non-refundable. start. build. grow. with the combination coinstarter, businefy, and coinstarterbox, creators projects can raise the capital required for their new company through our crowd funding family. once they have hit your target and established your company, you can then use the businefy platform run and operate every aspect your business. all these synergies are designed grow with our users, enabling them add new features along the way. once you have new idea, you just return the crowdfunding platform finance it. for the first time, entrepreneurs, inventors, creators, and dreamers have way start, build and grow their enterprise one platform using the coinstarter family services. issue the coinstarter ico the initial issue coins will limited (nine hundred eighty million) during which (six hundred ninety-five million eight hundred thousand) that will made available during the pre-ico and ico period. those coins that are allocated for the pre-ico and ico period that are not sold will burned. coins will allocated the following way: the coins will issued through ethereum smart contract upon payment. any other forms cryptocoin payment will take place within three weeks after the close the ico. this three week period designed allow undertake all necessary know your client and audit checks ensure that there has been breach protocol those who have bought during the ico period. coins will issued directly the wallet associated with the user. ico distribution funds more detailed level, the following overview how the company currently anticipates using the proceeds from the sale tokens: system, technical development, and staff, (estimated proceeds): the company aims grow anticipate will need attract and assign engineers with variety skillsets, adequately staff its different development teams. these include dedicated teams working tools, upgrades the distributed systems, infrastructure and network stability, smart contracts and other novel technologies and general research. marketing and business development (estimated proceeds): through its marketing staff, company will undertake variety marketing-related projects and initiatives, including in-person events, press outreach, advertisements, and promotional content, analytics and customer management tools. which will entail dedicated sales team that will manage the sales process for small/medium enterprises and undertake project management coordinate with engineering teams. the company will also build out dedicated marketing team, which will drive awareness and adoption the network, plan and execute the marketing initiatives discussed above, and develop documentation and tutorials with the goal encouraging adoption. furthermore, company will have dedicated support and customer success team that community-led and will also contribute the development documentation and tutorials relating the coinstarter network. operations, legal and customer support (estimated proceeds): company's anticipated infrastructure expenses will focus establishing and maintaining geographically- redundant bridge servers, co-locating critical infrastructure, and acquiring and maintaining physical hardware (as necessary). company's other operating expenses are currently anticipated include (i) rent for its physical premises international locations, (ii) outside legal and advisory fees, including reserve for potential future professional services, and (iii) office furniture and computers. finally, back office team will built, with generalist staff that handles human resources, bookkeeping and logistics, and with office manager for each physical location. other operating and working capital for cryptocash exchangers (estimated proceeds): the envisioned expenditures and areas development described above are provided for illustrative purposes only, and company reserves the right allocate its resources, including proceeds from the sale tokens toward such areas development its sole discretion. ico crowdsale bonus schedule crowdsale will last days, and below the time bonus for token purchasers. you bought earlier, you can get bigger bonus for your purchased amount. for example, person purchases worth tokens during the bonus period, the purchase will counted future goals coinstarter plans add new technical features the platform and form partnerships with specialist various fields administrative panel for managing multiple projects and campaigns simultaneously for campaign creators drag and drop smart contract builder continuing development our unique custom wallet for better management and distribution coins adding the syndicates feature, enabling members create and join syndicates. this proprietary feature will released soon white label integration which will include: configuration the web server, subdomain registration and wallet development for common style and functionality other goals the coming months: whitepaper construction editing (network freelancers our platform) legal support turn-key solution for community marketing with partner sites and for projects our platform comprehensive compliance system for icos easily navigate the various rules and regulations relating kyc and aml requirements open source database share information gather with our campaign creators forum for our members communicate with each other coinstarter platform integrates its own exchange using enhanced blockchain methods the full launch coinstarterbox finally, we're excited about some additional stealth innovations that will introduce the coming months that will game changers for our industry the team name cornell holloway. i'm technologist and software developer with passion for blockchain technology. early this year began developing software that would fundamentally change the crowdfunding space. knew that needed talented group hard-working professionals driven build and deploy new software serve innovators and the ico community worldwide. we've been working around the clock the coinstarter technology. believe that with proper funding we'll able complete the final stages the software development and launch the full coinstarter platform sometime late february. i'm proud introduce our devoted team members. regulation contrast conventional securities, icos are currently unregulated only lightly regulated many countries though there have recently been moves tighten regulation certain key jurisdictions. this partly reflects their status totally new class financial asset; partly the fact that they are generally structured differently assets like stocks, bonds and on; and partly because their decentralised nature makes very difficult for the authorities regulate them tightly centralised securities. additionally, ico tokens may take many different forms, serving various purposes. whilst possible issue dividend-paying assets, this not encouraged common because raises legal and regulatory issues for both investors and issuing businesses individuals. instead, tokens often serve the purpose internal currency 'fuel' for the platform. for example, ethereum raised money its crowdfund selling ether (eth), which used 'gas' when transactions are made the network. because eth needed create smart contract send tokens ethereum, demand for built into the platform. although subject speculative forces, like any other cryptocurrency even commodities like gold wheat, its value underpinned this demand. many blockchain tokens issued ico can therefore considered broadly analogous other kinds digital products value, such software ebook downloads. these not fit easily within existing securities regulation. notwithstanding, the large amount money flowing into the blockchain sector through icos has prompted increased scrutiny from regulators, and recent weeks and months there have been some significant developments. the monetary authority singapore (mas) has just clarified that 'the offer issue digital tokens singapore will regulated mas the digital tokens constitute products regulated under the securities and futures act (cap. (sfa)', whilst recognising that 'the types digital tokens offered singapore and elsewhere vary widely. some offers may subject the sfa while others may not be. all issuers digital tokens, intermediaries facilitating advising offer digital tokens, and platforms facilitating trading digital tokens should therefore seek independent legal advice ensure they comply with all applicable laws, and consult mas where appropriate.' this clarification has been made partly because icos are vulnerable money laundering and terrorist financing (ml/tf) risks, and partly because some ico tokens evidently fall under the existing definition what constitutes security. the end july, the securities and exchanges commission (sec) similarly issued report cautioning investors that some ico tokens would fall under the definition security and would subject the same regulation: 'federal securities laws apply those who offer and sell securities the united states, regardless whether the issuing entity traditional company decentralized autonomous organization, regardless whether those securities are purchased using u.s. dollars virtual currencies, and regardless whether they are distributed certificated form through distributed ledger technology.' practice, difficult for the authorities prevent individuals from investing icos due the peer-to-peer and relatively private nature cryptocurrency transactions. this does not change the reality that issuing and investing certain icos will illegal some jurisdictions. the evolving nature the regulatory picture also means that the detail the situation unclear for some jurisdictions, pending further clarification what kinds ico offering fall within the relevant definitions what constitutes security. disclaimers please read this disclaimer section carefully. you are any doubt the action you should take, you should consult your legal, financial, tax, other professional advisor(s). the information set forth below may not exhaustive and does not imply any elements contractual relationship. while make every effort ensure that any material this whitepaper accurate and date, such material way constitutes the provision professional advice. startercoin does not guarantee, and accepts legal liability whatsoever arising from connected to, the accuracy, reliability, currency, completeness any material contained this whitepaper. investors and potential startercoin holders should seek appropriate independent professional advice prior relying on, entering into any commitment transaction based on, material published this whitepaper, which material purely published for reference purposes alone. startercoins will not intended constitute securities any jurisdiction. this whitepaper does not constitute prospectus offer document any sort and not intended constitute offer securities solicitation for investment securities any jurisdiction. coinstarter does not provide any opinion any advice purchase, sell, otherwise transact with startercoins and the fact presentation this whitepaper shall not form the basis of, relied upon connection with, any contract investment decision. person bound enter into any contract binding legal commitment relation the sale and purchase startercoinss, and cryptocurrency other form payment accepted the basis this whitepaper. this coinstarter whitepaper for information purposes only. not guarantee the accuracy the conclusions reached this whitepaper, and this whitepaper provided "as is". this whitepaper does not make and expressly disclaims all representations and warranties, express, implied, statutory otherwise, whatsoever, including, but not limited to: (i) warranties merchantability, fitness for particular purpose, suitability, usage, title non-infringement; (ii) that the contents this whitepaper are free from error; and (iii) that such contents will not infringe third-party rights and its affiliates shall have liability for damages any kind arising out the use, reference to, reliance this whitepaper any the content contained herein, even advised the possibility such damages. event will team coinstarter its affiliates liable any person entity for any damages, losses, liabilities, costs expenses any kind, whether direct indirect, consequential, compensatory, incidental, actual, exemplary, punitive special for the use of, reference to, reliance this whitepaper any the content contained herein, including, without limitation, any loss business, revenues, profits, data, use, goodwill other intangible losses. coinstarter makes representations warranties (whether express implied), and disclaims all liability arising from any information stated the whitepaper. particular, the "roadmap" set out the text the whitepaper subject change, which means that coinstarter not bound any representations the future performance and the returns startercoin. the actual results and the performance coinstarter may differ materially from those set out the coinstarter whitepaper. please note that contents coinstarter whitepaper may altered updated any time future the project's management team. the whitepaper has been prepared solely respect coinstarter offering startercoins. shares other securities the company are being offered any jurisdiction pursuant the whitepaper. the whitepaper does not constitute offer invitation any person subscribe for purchase shares, rights any other securities the company. the shares the company are not being presently offered be, registered under securities act any country, under any securities laws any state. the tokens referred this whitepaper have not been registered, approved, disapproved the securities and exchange commission, any state securities commission the united states any other regulatory authority nor any the foregoing authorities examined approved the characteristics the economic realities this token sale the accuracy the adequacy the information contained this whitepaper under, the u.s. securities act amended, under the securities laws any state the united states america any other jurisdiction. purchasers the tokens referred this whitepaper should aware that they bear any risks involved acquisition startercoin, any, for indefinite period time. some the statements the whitepaper include forward-looking statements which reflect team coinstarter current views with respect product development, execution roadmap, financial performance, business strategy and future plans, both with respect the company and the sectors and industries which the company operates. statements which include the words ''expects'', ''intends'', ''plans'', ''believes'', ''projects'', ''anticipates'', ''will'', ''targets'', ''aims'', ''may'', ''would'', ''could'', ''continue'' and similar statements are future forward-looking nature. all forward-looking statements address matters that involve risks and uncertainties. accordingly, there are will important factors that could cause the group's actual results differ materially from those indicated these statements. these factors include but are not limited those described the part the whitepaper entitled risk factors '', which should read conjunction with the other cautionary statements that are included the whitepaper. any forward-looking statements this whitepaper reflect the company's current views with respect future events and are subject these and other risks, uncertainties and assumptions relating the company's operations, results operations and growth strategy. these forward-looking statements are made only the date the whitepaper. subject industry acceptable disclosure and transparency rules and common practices, the company undertakes obligation publicly update review any forward-looking statement, whether result new information, future developments otherwise. all subsequent written and oral forward-looking statements attributable the coinstarter individuals acting behalf coinstarter are expressly qualified their entirety this paragraph. statement the whitepaper intended profit forecast and statement the whitepaper should interpreted mean that the earnings coinstarter for the current future years would may implied this whitepaper. agreeing acquire coinstarter coins hereby acknowledge that have read and understand the notices and disclaimers set out above and contained this whitepaper. regulatory authority has examined approved any the information set out this whitepaper. thus, action has been will taken under the laws, regulatory requirements rules any jurisdiction. the publication, distribution dissemination this whitepaper does not imply that the applicable laws, regulatory requirements rules have been complied with. please refer our website for terms conditions participating the coinstarter coin offering.