contents introduction guiding principles for the cln network and proposed architecture the business model and stakeholders the cln network network capabilities for issuers and gateways proposed architecture the cln network products and services layer clients layer the role and design community currencies the issuance community currencies the provision liquidity for community currencies the use community currencies rewards for economic activity summary acknowledgments legal considerations, risks and disclaimer references appendix a--mathematical equation for the mechanical market-making contract appendix b--mathematical formulation the issuance community currency and the lock-up initial reserves the process issuance with issuer's own funds issuance with investors' funds for all information related the token sale see token sale summary crowdsale guide for full review legal considerations and risks see full disclaimer introduction the internet making its way into every part our lives. with the speed adoption increasing, technical barriers are being lowered and find our physical and digital lives beginning integrate, creating huge impact, especially millennials. they are the first digital-native generation born into this world and the largest generation history--significantly larger than the baby-boomer generation, and are expected control trillion dollars the world's wealth they are more likely live cities, they own fewer cars, and they choose their brands based values like ethical sourcing, social justice, and environmental effects. they are looking for meaning, and often find making positive impact the community around them, thus creating demand for financial community ties. technology dramatically changing the way millennials make payments and consume other financial services. physical cash being replaced digital means, from cards mobile, they come expect payments quick, safe, cool use, and available this creates pressure merchants broaden the means payments they accept, effort catch with user demand. this pressure especially burdensome for smaller merchants today's environment they often pay the highest fees for payment processing, making for uneven playing field for local initiatives. moreover, consequence accelerating globalization, the diminishing frictions cross-border commerce have incentivized corporate rent extraction through cost-externalization and the outsourcing production. encouraged the continuation open policies multilateral trade, global supply chains have penetrated domestic markets, resulting the incremental centralization capital flows toward multinational organizations. while the free movement goods imperative open markets, smes (small medium size enterprises) get the short end the stick, being unable compete their native markets. particular, small businesses with less than employees make over percent all enterprises the and account for around two-thirds employment. the us, small businesses account for percent firms with paid employees, and annually contribute almost percent private, non-farm output. yet, these small businesses often face difficulties accessing capital. comparison study published the oecd shows that the share sme loans total business loans was the uk, the and france, and canada. community financial service providers typically provide services smes and consumers based "relationship banking"; however, they encounter tough competition from large national and multinational financial institutions. credit unions and community banks play important role the lending small businesses and providing access payments services for large percentage the population. however, their share total deposits and loans has been decreasing significantly over the years. credit unions are typically another type community financial service provider. study canada shows that they retain higher share net income support future growth and investment creating jobs, that they provide loans through periods where availability credit low, and that they lead sme business lending. the idea community currency secondary medium exchange, store value, and unit account has also been around for while. community currencies have attracted attention from academics and policy makers alike, due their unique ability produce and retain wealth within communities. these currencies have the potential increase overall profitability for local stakeholders and facilitate countercyclical growth cycles and increased social welfare. several projects have attempted establish local payment systems; however, due lack sufficient infrastructure these initiatives have failed provide secure, liquid, and scalable environment for financial transactions. technological advancements, notably the emergence blockchain technology, lower the barriers offering payment processing solutions and establishing local payments systems. while the macroeconomic consequences issuing digital peer-to-peer currencies remain hypothetical, regulators are exploring opportunities distributed financial solutions. the notion digital currency manifests itself private and regulatory institutions, the efficiency, resilience, and accessibility disintermediated digital payment infrastructure gaining momentum with broader audience. the cln looking build ecosystem that will combine the two changes discussed above--technological and social--by creating network that supports the evolution local payment systems, each which provides incentives its local stakeholders, while sharing tools and services provided over the entire network. fresh approach community "banking" using blockchain technology, where transactions are verified and intermediaries are removed, shows the promising potential generate value increasing competition the price, quality, and variety services relative existing means payment and other relevant services. colu firmly rooted the open-source blockchain developer community leading member the coloredcoins oject, and investing additional resources open-source code with the latest release bankbox this commitment also reflected the initial release the colu local wallet. guiding principles for the cln network and proposed architecture the current state payment systems globally, even well-developed markets such the and the us, such that the gap between end-user needs, both consumers and businesses, and what being delivered the current payments infrastructure growing and creating significant detriment for users, who are demanding greater control, greater assurance, enhanced data, and reduced financial crime. recent report the payments strategy forum the uk, identifies key requirements that current legacy systems and the entire payment infrastructure must meet: the ability respond current and future end-user needs improving trust the safety and certainty payments simplifying access data and systems order promote competition new architecture for the payment ecosystem thinking new architecture for the payment ecosystem, one that can support achieving the desired goals given today's technologies, recent dedicated report (the "npa report") details proposed conceptual framework. the guidelines listed the npa report include: single set standards and rules with strong central governance end-to-end interoperability (including application programming interfaces and common messaging standards) collaborative infrastructure, allowing multiple providers overlay services compete the market simultaneously the need ensure our payment systems are secure and resilient with financial stability key foundation somewhat surprisingly, both regulators and traditional financial players the one hand, and disruptive innovators the blockchain arena the other, agree most the above guidelines, with the notable exception the form governance. the blockchain space currently experimenting with different methods community governance, but already clear that this technology offers new capabilities that are not possible the financial system when comes transparency and the ability coordinate large group organizations around open and secure protocol. the proposed cln network implements infrastructure that will facilitate the evolution ecosystem that adheres many the above principles: the choice develop the cln open-source project public blockchain implies there transparent set standards and rules that ensures interoperability. moreover, the existence vibrant, fast-growing community developers facilitates the emergence overlay services offered third parties that will compete the network. this evident the ethereum transaction volume, which has already surpassed bitcoin's transaction volume allowing new functionality that has attracted thousands companies develop top it. new network evolving over the blockchain more prone being dynamic and adaptive future end-consumer needs than would any result mere transformation old network built, is, the foundation legacy systems owned and operated traditional players. the ability bypass the network fork and make changes where proving inefficient failing create value for end consumers provides ongoing, healthy competitive pressure the network. such competitive pressure often missing many other proprietary payment schemes owned and operated banks and credit card companies. the business model and stakeholders the cln network the key business goals that the cln network designed support are: providing economic incentives that will facilitate the development and provision new services the network providing services accessible manner, which will support broad adoption the technology ("bringing the use crypto currencies the masses") using economic incentives growth engine facilitating the introduction community currencies [see chapter for details] the importance designing the network such way that will organically provide adequate incentives the various participants order facilitate broad adoption also reflected recent report the faster payments task force concerning the design faster payments system the us. the report discusses the need provide incentives consumers and merchants encourage them learn, access, and use the system, and provide solution operators and service providers with incentives develop and deliver solutions and participate ecosystem that enables interoperability among competing solutions. moreover, the report acknowledges the importance enabling financial service providers all sizes participate and deliver solutions "by fostering competitive fairness, continued innovation, and flexibility take advantage emerging technologies." therefore, the network should structured provide incentives entities providing those financial services that address everyday needs, entities often referred gateways. the cln network proposes framework via which provide incentives using blockchain technology. next, discuss the multiple stakeholders that could participate the cln network and the fundamental role they each play establishing, developing for, and maintaining the network, the one hand, and using the services provided, the other. the incentives the various players would provided through the circulation the network's native token (cln) and community currencies the form rewards fees. role description financial financial gateway accepts fiat crypto deposits from users, and acts gateways custodian for user funds flowing and out the network. gateway can any institution, including financial institution, long provides services that accompany the custody consumers funds, such kyc and other regulatory requirements. gateways act entry and exit points for fiat currencies. they are position play vital role the network providing transaction verification and settlement across the network, without central operator and without reliance single gateway. gateways are compensated for their services cln fees. community community currency issuer uses the tools provided the cln network currency issue community currency for its community and provide liquidity for it. this issuers role can taken merchant networks, local businesses, consumer clubs, and other entities that have community users for which they wish facilitate consumption, payments, lending, crowdfunding, credit. developers and developers and service providers will build tools and services top the service cln network, enhancing its capabilities. the network will support partnerships providers with products other networks that complement the cln network's services, such credit providers, credit-scoring service providers, integrators legacy networks. merchants local merchants accept fiat payments for the services they provide. merchants are rewarded their community currency for transactions that take place their point sale. end-users consumers pay merchants' point sale with digital fiat currency. they are rewarded their community currency for pursuing this economic activity the network. network capabilities for issuers and gateways issuers are entities that issue cryptocurrencies and provide them with liquidity. this role can taken merchant networks, local businesses, consumer clubs, and other entities that have community users for which they wish facilitate consumption, payments, lending, crowdfunding, credit. issuers are the heart the network, and they are also position act gateways, although not mandatory. the network will launch with two key functionalities for issuers--the ability issue community currencies using template that easy for developers use and provide smooth exchange between community currencies, well erc- tokens, via the cln token. both functionalities will implemented using set smart contracts. -the issuer tools are discussed detail section proposed architecture the cln network successful token one with distribution pattern that creates system incentives that support the business goals set for the token. for the cln, creating token that provides access network local payments. the cln token allows financial gateways, developers, and service providers make payments, exchange between currencies, and provide additional services that address local communities' needs, thus providing alternative traditional financial institutions. moreover, the goal community currencies store value for local communities, connecting consumers and businesses. the previous section discussed the network capabilities for issuers and gateways. refer these capabilities the issuer layer. next, discuss how the proposed architecture enables two layers services that facilitate various stages the payment process developed top the issuer layer. ... products and services layer products and services developed anyone the community could integrated the network the network open-source public blockchain. the development payment processing capabilities will provide merchants with easy, bundled api/sdk collect payments made using all types payment means, including pos e-commerce. payment processing services will also support innovation advanced payment types--for example, the introduction recurring payments decentralized fiat exchange between gateways. merchant services will handle merchant-related operations, such the generation invoices fund withdrawals the merchant's bank account. any operation using sdk tools will pay the applicable gateway service provider fee cln. the goal using community currencies rewards facilitate payments fiat between consumers and merchants enabled the network architecture, which allows for the development the capability issue crypto-fiat pegged the corresponding fiat money gateways holding fiat deposits. clients layer the clients layer interfaces with end-users--consumers and merchants. tokens issued the cln network will compatible with any ethereum wallet. key requirement this layer that independent the cln network. the cln network will incentivize many potential players build clients top the cln, and will attractive thanks the capabilities will provide for processing fiat payments and cryptocurrencies. the freedom clients bypass the cln network order process payments will drive the cln network focus providing value-added services that reduce the technical barriers and increase usability payments the blockchain. the role and design community currencies the cln network lowers the barriers that stakeholders are facing when attempting launch and maintain new financial system their community providing them with tools and services that make easier launch new digital payment infrastructure and design the growth engines that will make flourish. community currencies that could issued the cln network, may used offer incentives end-users the community (consumers and merchants) well developers and service providers. thus community currencies could support organic reward scheme for transactions being made within the community. the community currency will issued community gateways, with transparent supply schedule and distribution rules. the community currency will serve alternative medium exchange and store value, allowing users transact with freely with any ethereum-compatible wallet. order create mechanism that allows this functionality, the cln network will provide two main network tools: issuance-- community currencies will issued erc- tokens ethereum, leveraging ethereum smart contract capabilities set and enforce business rules like milestone-based access funds for issuers. this will remove the current need for users have blind trust issuers. any deviation from, agreed change in, supply governance visible and verifiable the public. liquidity provision --providing liquidity for newly issued currencies requires major effort, and addressed the automatic market-making contract. order for the community currency vision realised there need for liquidity, that supply and demand forces will manifest the price. this achieved leveraging smart contracts' capabilities and using the cln reserve currency. the cln network thus solves the fundamental chicken-and-egg problem, engaged communities will able launch currencies regardless their size, location, transactional volume. doing so, they will able benefit from having access decentralized group stakeholders and service providers that take variety roles the value chain. the implication open-source and distributed financial framework, facilitating safe and transparent payment system, accessible all. the issuance community currencies community currencies will issued stakeholders within the community. these stakeholders will have vested interest the success the community. organizations like community banks, credit unions, merchants' associations and the like are potential issuers. refer these organizations community issuers. all communities will interconnected through the cln. each community issuer can launch new community currency for its local community. the issuance and allocation process will transparent and publicly verifiable using ethereum smart contract. the currency will erc- token that will compliant with any ethereum wallet. part the issuance process the issuer locks certain amount cln automatic market-making contract. the lock-in clns releases portion community currency tokens the issuer and establishes "issuance price" for the community currency. that is, the amount clns locked the issuer determines the initial value the local community, measured the product the amount circulating tokens and the issuance price. from this point onwards, this price evolves according the flow trades sent anyone the market making contract. the issuer chooses not lock any clns the reserve the market making contract, the issuance price set zero and all community currency tokens are locked the contract initially, implying starting value zero the community. any appreciation value from this point onwards will result demand for the community currency, paid for clns. fact the issuer can allow investors participate the issuance process and receive community currency tokens exchange for their investment clns. see appendix for detailed description the process. the two reserves established the issuance process will provide functionality exchange, and thus liquidity, for community currencies, without having list these currencies centralized exchanges the early stages, during which the potential value doing relatively small. the issuance process community currency could allow milestone-based process for the allocation cln funds received and tokens issued. this supports alignment interests whereby additional community currency released community issuer the economic activity the community--measured, for example, the volume transactions--increases, order cover their growing operational costs. the community currency network expands, new issuers and gateways will integrate into the network. through the cln network, financial institutions and companies will able offer value-added services, further stimulating local economic development and growth. the provision liquidity for community currencies once local payment system, supported community currency, and running, will generate value increasing competition the price, quality, and variety services relative existing means payment and other relevant services. however, this value will have built over time, and reflected the value the community currency. consequently, consumers and merchants will likely value the option exchange community currency for the cln network token for other cryptocurrencies that can used means payment stores value. furthermore, participants may want convert these tokens fiat money. however, unlikely that there will sufficient liquidity for community currencies their inception. participants looking exchange community currencies may not find counterparty trade with. typical exchange, the price the asset determined response the supply and demand for the traded asset, and the price reflects willing exchange between buyer and seller. while there way mimic the behavior such exchange mechanically, the cln network will provide the community currency gateway with tool that allows act market maker for the community currency, from the time issuance. will executing exchange transactions automatically using smart contract according preset formula. will refer this process "mechanical market making". there are number important features that liquidity model should satisfy. first, argued above, important realize that mechanical market making, predetermined and "set stone" (or smart contract), cannot mimic the behavior real-time market exchange. fact, hypothetically, were the community currencies traded exchange, there could gap between the exchange rate the exchange and the one determined the mechanical market-making contract. therefore, important that the way that the contracts are implemented should not prevent the cln and the community currencies from being traded exchanges (other than through the mechanical market maker) prevent other entities from providing exchange service parallel (i.e., function competing market makers for community currencies). moreover, the model should not create unfair conditions that would preclude this practice. consequently, find preferable that the mechanism should not have the authority capability alter the amount community currency issued through the operation liquidity provision. otherwise, the ability the mechanism issue destroy tokens the process and affect the value the currency could potentially harm the incentives others provide liquidity, and could potentially used manipulate the exchange rate. moreover, the more available means there are for arbitrageurs correct mis-pricing caused mechanical market making relative the market perception, the smaller such possible gaps pricing are likely be. second, the model should mimic the basic behavior market, and therefore should posses the following characteristics: when there demand for community currency its price (relative the cln) should increase, and vice versa when there demand for cln exchange for the community currency. there should sufficient liquidity execute each trade. our proposal maintain two reserves--one cln and another the community currency--that are dedicated serve counterparty for each exchange transaction. the price instrument should used implement the above characteristics, and particular ensure that the reserves not exhaust themselves the process, unless the entire money supply from one side being added the reserve (in which case can exhaust the reserve the other side). the price only function the state the two reserves and other fixed parameters (e.g., the amount tokens issued total). therefore, whenever reserves are the same state, the exchange price should the same. the equations that will used set the exchange rate for community currency against the cln are provided the appendix. show that they maintain this set desired properties. note that the model inspired model presented article titled "dealership market market-making with inventory" amihud mendelson. the article presents dealership market which dominated single centralized market-maker. the possible temporal discrepancy between market buy and sell orders, and the obligation maintain continuous trading, induce the market-maker carry inventory the stock. the crux the analysis the dependence the quoted bid and ask prices the market-maker's inventory. the paper establishes that the optimal policy one where prices are monotone decreasing functions the inventory hand. the case linear demand and supply for the stock, transition rates each state, which respect one-to-one correspondence with the bid and ask prices, satisfy ellipse equation. the use community currencies rewards for economic activity the goal community currencies store value for local communities connecting consumers and businesses. thus envision that the distribution community currency will carried out through purchasing transactions taking place brick-and-mortar merchant's terminal, this form distribution implements the focus the cln network strengthening economic activity local economies. facilitate this, portion each transaction merchant's terminal will subtracted from the payment the merchant and allocated, reward community currency the consumer and the merchant involved the transaction for their economic activity the community and the network. particular, when consumer conducts transaction using digital-fiat crypto-fiat, portion the fiat payment will exchanged cln and then community currency using the market-making contract before being allocated the parties. the use the community currency this manner will allow the network offer competitive alternative traditional financial models. "dealership market market-making with inventory," yakov amihud haim mendelson, journal financial economics transaction flow diagram: summary the cln creates decentralized network tools and services that support community payment systems. through the introduction community currencies, the cln network creates potential link between the economic activity taking place brick-and-mortar merchants within the community, which facilitated fiat payments (whether digital crypto-fiat), and the distribution the community currency among stakeholders reward for engaging this economic activity. the cln network provides platform for currency issuers and local gateways support payments for goods and services and provide other financial services. therefore, community currencies lower the barriers for communities upgrade their payment infrastructure and reduce costs intermediaries. acknowledgments this collaborative effort multiple individuals within the colu team, and involves reviews, comments, and contributions from colu's board members, advisors, and partners. this paper was written mark smargon, amos meiri and dr. dana heller from colu and dr. omri ross and johannes jensen, both from blockchain labs and the university copenhagen. the paper was built the foundations and contributions eden shochat, tal beja, rotem lev, and elad shabi. also special thanks--for feedback provided through comments and stimulating conversations--go meltem demirors, lou kerner, prof. daniel tsiddon and prof dan ariely, yaron klainer, leon rossiter, talia soen, joey azizoff and oded leiba. legal considerations, risks and disclaimer important notice: please read the entirety the "legal considerations, risks and disclaimer" section carefully. recommend you consult legal, financial, tax other professional advisor(s) experts for further guidance prior participating the colu technologies dlt limited token sale outlined this white paper. you are strongly advised take independent legal advice respect the legality your jurisdiction your participation the token sale. you should note that the token sale terms and conditions that you are acknowledging and accepting part the process participate the colu technologies dlt limited token sale, you are representing that you have indeed taken independent legal advice. please note that this summary the legal considerations, risks and disclaimers document which can found https://cln.network/pdf/disclaimer.pdf and which you must read full before: (i) making use this white paper and any and all information available the website(s) colu technologies dlt limited (the "company") and/or (ii) participating the company's token sale outlined this white paper (the "token sale"). any undefined capitalised terms below shall have the meaning set out the "legal considerations, risks and disclaimer" section. this summary should not relied place reading the "legal considerations, risks and disclaimer" section full. the "legal considerations, risks and disclaimer" section the full version which can found https://cln.network/pdf/disclaimer.pdf applies this white paper and any and all information available the website. the contents the "legal considerations, risks and disclaimer" section outlines the terms and conditions applicable you connection with (i) your use this white paper and any and all information available the website; and/or (ii) your participation the token sale, each case addition any other terms and conditions that may publish from time time relating this white paper, the website and the token sale (such terms hereinafter referred the "terms"). the information set forth the "legal considerations, risks and disclaimer" section may not exhaustive and does not imply any elements contractual relationship. while make every reasonable effort ensure that all information: (i) this white paper; and (ii) available the website (all the information the white paper and all information available the website hereinafter referred the "available information") accurate and date, such material way constitutes professional advice. the company does not recommend purchasing tokens for speculative investment purposes. tokens not entitle you any equity, governance, voting similar right entitlement the company any its affiliated companies. tokens are sold digital assets, similar downloadable software, digital music and the like. the company does not recommend that you purchase tokens unless you have prior experience with cryptographic tokens, blockchain-based software and distributed ledger technology and unless you have taken independent professional advice. citizens, nationals, residents (tax otherwise) and/or green card holders each of: (i) the united states america; (ii) the people's republic china; (iii) south korea; (iv) north korea; (v) libya; (vi) syria; (vii) lebanon; (viii) iran; (ix) pakistan; (x) canada; (xi) bangladesh; (xii) bolivia, (xiii) ecuador, (xiv) kyrgyzstan; (xv) morocco, (xvi) nepal (xvii) israel (only for the purposes the public token sale (as defined the token sale terms and conditions which are available https://cln.network/pdf/colu_token_crowdsale_tcs.pdf) (xviii) any other jurisdiction which prohibits the possession, dissemination communication the available information and/or prohibits participation the token sale the purchase tokens any such similar activity any other restricted persons are not permitted participate the token sale. event shall the company any current former company representatives liable for the excluded liability matters. the company does not make purport make, and hereby disclaims, any representation, warranty undertaking any form whatsoever any entity person, including any representation, warranty undertaking relation the truth, accuracy and completeness any the information set out the available information. you should carefully consider and evaluate each the risk factors and all other information contained the terms before deciding participate the token sale. references financial globalization and capital flows volatility effects economic growth, carp, (). european commission, annual report european sme's, https://ec.europa.eu/jrc/sites/jrcsh/files/annual_report_-_eu_smes_-.pdf small business lending the united states, office advocacy, u.s. small business administration. release date: june https://www.sba.gov/sites/default/files/banking_study_full_report__final.pdf financing smes and entrepreneurs oecd scoreboard, table http://dx.doi.org/./fin_sme_ent--en the role community banks the u.s. economy, https://www.kansascityfed.org/publicat/econrev/pdf/qkeet.pdf the increasing importance credit unions small business lending, the james wilcox haas school business, berkely, berkeley, https://www.sba.gov/sites/default/files/files/rstot.pdf scott, and dodd, n., people powered money, designing, developing and delivering community currencies. lluis, j., rosa, la, and stodder, j., velocity several complementary currencies. international journal community currency research, volume stodder, j., complementary credit networks and macro-economic stability: switzerland's wirtschaftsring. journal economic behavior organization, (), pp.-. the economic viability complementary currencies: bound fail. beat weber, oesterreichische nationalbank (). bank england staff working paper no. the macroeconomics central bank issued digital currencies. john barrdear and michael kumhof july). for the uk, see payments strategy for the century--putting the needs users first", payment strategy forum, november p., https://implementation.paymentsforum.uk/sites/default/files/documents/a%p ayments%strategy%for%the%st%century%-%putting%th e%needs%of%users%first_.pdf for the us, see the u.s. path faster payments, final report part one: the faster payments task force approach, january http://fasterpaymentstaskforce.org/wp-content/uploads/faster-payments-final-re port-part.pdf payments strategy for the century (see previous footnote), p.. npa design and transition blueprint, payment strategy forum, december https://implementation.paymentsforum.uk/sites/default/files/documents/design %and%transition%blueprint_.pdf http://fasterpaymentstaskforce.org/wp-content/uploads/faster-payments-taskforce-final-report-part-two.pdf the issuance crypto-fiat tokens will reflect the gateway's liabilities consumers. the token will behave like any other cryptocurrency except that the trust the value the token issued merely the trust the gateway that issued back with fiat deposit and allow its convertibility back fiat money. appendix a--mathematical equation for the mechanical market-making contract the mechanical market-making contract formula that adjusts the exchange rate between two tokens--the cln and community currency--based the total supply tokens from each and the state the reserves each currency, which the contract controls. the reserves and the price evolve over time response demand for the tokens. the formula has number desired properties. given the total supply the two tokens the reserves owned the contract for the two tokens, denoted and must satisfy any time the following equation: (): alternatively stated, denote the percentage tokens circulating outside the reserve the contract then particular, given the reserve token which determines can express and the reserve token and this determines return, note that given that starting conditions for the two reserves satisfy the relationship above, the reserve either the tokens exhausts itself only when the entire supply the other token put into the opposite reserve--that is, and or, alternatively stated, when implies and, symmetrically, when then the smart contract responsible for the issuance new community currency ensures that starting conditions are satisfied. this discussed detail appendix derive the price token, differentiate with respect price can also expressed terms and note that when the limit cases are approached, the price approaches zero infinity--that is, when then p=, and when then approaches infinity. the smart contract needs calculate for any amount token sent the contract, and thus added the reserve token, the corresponding amount (in token) released from the reserve exchange. s.t. understand the price behavior, can derive the percentage change the price token response amount token sent exchanged. assume that before the exchange this can expressed after the exchange where resulting thus the percentage change the price token can expressed can seen from the equation, the percentage price change depends the size the reserve relative the total supply token, and the size the amount sent exchanged relative the size the reserve. alternatively, can derive expression for the percentage price change when measured percentage circulating supply outside the reserve the contract. let where after the exchange thus, the percentage change the price token can expressed appendix b--mathematical formulation the issuance community currency and the lock-up initial reserves the process want define the parameters that issuer has provide the smart contract order facilitate process that: issues community currency, and establishes two-side reserve the cln (token and the community currency (token denote the total supply cln there are two types issuance procedures: where cln tokens are sent the issuance contract the issuer, referred "issuance with issuer's own fund" where the issuer specifies certain parameters for the issuance, but cln tokens are sent the contract "investors" (i.e., any cln token holder), referred "issuance with investors' funds" issuance with issuer's own funds when issuing using this option, the issuer follows certain steps. step the issuer specifies the contract the desired amount tokens issue, the contract issues the tokens and locks them the reserve--that say, this sets the price token zero, where step the issuer then sends amount, contract, thus establishing cln the market-making step the issuer receives token the issuance price, and the total value token circulation (i.e., outside the reserve the contract) cln terms equal step the market-making contract opens any token token holders. issuance with investors' funds when issuing using this option, the issuer follows certain steps. step the same the first option. step the issuer specifies the amount, cln expected received ("hard cap") and fraction the amount ("soft cap") designated locked reserve for the purpose market making and establishing issuance price. step the contracts test the validity the pair, verifying that token are received, then the value token circulation (in cln terms) least --that is, assuming that token are received, then and the requirement that thus requiring that note that the expression satisfies automatically. less than for and the contract passes the validity test, the contract opens accepting cln tokens from investors. tokens sent the contract are locked the reserve. less than tokens are sent within the specified time, the contract returns the tokens their holders and the contract shuts down (as funds received are below the "soft cap"). any tokens excess ("hard cap") are not accepted the contract. assuming the amount tokens sent within the range any tokens excess are sent the issuer. token released from the reserve are distributed investors that their value given the issuance price equal the value the investment sent cln. the validity test ensures that there are enough token circulation satisfy this condition given the issuance price established the contract. any excess token are sent the issuer.