commerceblock whitepaper open network for building decentralised commerce abstract approximately trillion global assets are held and traded within the confines the fiat banking system. limited lack liquidity, transparency, and accountability between centrally managed financial institutions and their customers, capital markets not operate freely and efficiently possible.[] believe that the inefficiencies traditionally styled financial infrastructure limits global trade and economic growth. moving assets and trade public blockchain, can eliminate the need for trusted intermediaries whose externalities have weighed negatively global trade flows. commerceblock has engineered the first platform for enabling global economic trade secure, private, and efficient manner public blockchains. all our current and future product offerings will based peer-reviewed research authored experts from the open source and academic cryptocurrency communities. commerceblock has active integrations with clients the financial and commercial real estate industries. contents abstract overview problem solution architecture overview bip proposal commerceblock network actors product offerings commerceblock clients business risks commerceblock tokens commerceblock ecosystem token economics roadmap team conclusion overview commerceblock public blockchain infrastructure company that architecting platform that allows anyone build and use financial products and services historically reserved for commercial banking customers. the commerceblock network will the first technology platform that provides combination trust minimized trade, decentralised contract execution, on-chain derivatives, and asset-backed token issuance public blockchains. problem the large majority commerce still relies traditionally architected financial products and services. these permissioned systems route and account for value centrally managed databases. these custodians and their services are subject censorship, seizure, failure, hacking risk, monopolistic pricing, and other externalities. solution the advent the bitcoin protocol has enabled permission-less financial innovation. commerceblock's product offerings provide suite tools that enables anyone build and use services that construct contracts, manage trade flows, engage multiparty dispute management, issue assets, and hedge currency risk. developers and end users will able manage all stages business interaction and fulfil their contractual obligations utilising the commerceblock platform. these services will integrated into infrastructure have already implemented. have released the first open-source implementation the pay-to-contract and homomorphic address protocol outlined timo hanke and ilja gerhardt. the protocol has been designed such way that all business logic, customer funds, and trade details are managed the client side meaning point does commerceblock have access customer funds private information. architecture overview building applications that leverage public blockchains must done with the utmost care. there long history poorly formatted transactions, improperly seeded signatures, overpaid fees and other such mistakes that have caused irreversible loss funds. the commerceblock platform has been designed abstract away these intricacies end users, while still allowing them build complex applications. the commerceblock apis and sdks will provide wide array functionality users the form well-tested libraries and highly available (ha) services. the exposed libraries can interact directly with base layer public blockchains, layered protocols such the lightning network and sidechains well embedded consensus systems. specifically, the commerceblock api will allow users construct zero-knowledge invoices, conduct multiparty escrow [], engage templated in-channel contracts the lightning network issue assets [], [], and utilise other carefully selected advanced smart contracting techniques found peer-reviewed research. bip proposal commerceblocks first product offering based our implementation the pay-tocontract protocol described gerhardt and hanke. this protocol designed mimic real-world payment interactions between merchants and customers. the protocol results only the merchant and customer having cryptographic proof who being paid and for what. have specified and implemented their multiparty key derivation scheme extending bip- (hierarchical deterministic wallets). have submitted draft bip for approval. commerceblock network actors much commerceblock's tooling will available for public use the commerceblock site. developers who wish run our tools their own hardware can download our open source libraries and sdks. those who not want run their own infrastructure can use our paid-access apis. product offerings cryptocurrency agnostic apis, sdks, and web portal: the commerceblock web portal will provide both prepaid and subscription models for users who wish access our tools for building smart contracts and issuing/distributing assets. api users will pay per api call. our sdks will available for free download. trade flow templates: commerceblock provides pre-packaged, paid-access trade flow templates its clients. these templates abstract away the intricacies and pitfalls trade management. enterprise integrations: commerceblock does bespoke implementations its toolset for enterprise customers. enterprise customers can use both our apis and sdks. pricing determined case-by-case basis, and revenue shares/partnerships are considered. third-party integrations: commerceblock has made inroads integrating third-party standards identity, storage, and security. for example, will make easy for developers integrate ledger wallets into their product offerings. commitment open standards: commerceblock committed open standards. all our code will open-source and available for peer review. commerceblock clients all our clients want trade something. some cases they want tokenize the value they are trading, others they require only contractual agreements and escrowed funds. provide the tooling make trust minimized trading possible variety contexts. below will describe some our current clients well some use cases see strong candidates for integration with commerceblock. our first client building otc style marketplace where buyers and sellers bitcoin can find each other and engage exchange bitcoin for direct deposit without trusting third party being exposed currency risk. achieve this goal, the client requires two primary tools that will provide: homomorphic multisig pay-to-contract addresses and in-channel lightning network derivative contract templates. the flow very straightforward: after engaging trade, the counterparties must agree the terms contract. for example, the contract would specify that the seller willing part with $,usd worth bitcoin after proof has been made direct deposit. this hypothetical scenario, the time trade this worth bitcoin. homomorphic pay-to-contract multisignature "channeled" address then derived. this channel will have counterparty taking opposing bet contract for difference, meaning there are bitcoin total. the funds are then deposited into the address the seller. once the funds have been confirmed, the buyer will proceed fulfill their contractual obligations. once proof payment has been made, the in-channel contract will closed. the price bitcoin has fallen the buyer will receive bitcoin cover the short. the advantages this client sees from using our tooling are three fold. first and foremost, they have custodial risk the counterparties the trade manage their own keys. this has implications from both regulatory and operational security standpoints. they are longer considered custodian and they have hot wallet risk. this saves them effectively unbounded amount legal and operational costs. they also can provide their customers with trust minimized chain derivative contracts which otherwise completely unavailable the market. and finally, the terms the agreed upon contract are unequivocal. party can claim they did not agree the terms, making dispute mediation more manageable. commerceblock will provide api endpoints and sdks make all the above possible. this just one extremely simple manifestation our tooling production. arguably some the strongest use cases for our infrastructure will involve lightning network based exchanges that allow customers trade derivatives, cryptocurrencies and tokenized assets without trusting the exchange hold their keys. the exchange would manage the order book, matching engine and routing without custodial risk. our second active enterprise integration partner provides platform for property owners and investors come together issue, buy, sell and trade tokenized real estate equity and debt. this partner requires our asset issuance functionality. these asset specific marketplaces can used template for other potential clients. we'd ultimately like see all sorts trading platforms built top the commerceblock platform. for example, other platforms could constructed that allow for the exchange digital assets (in-game items, gift cards, reward points, etc...) and other natural trading pairs digital bearer assets. finally, our web perfect for payment redirects and one-off trading between peers. both e-commerce and craigslist style websites could implement our pay-to-contract invoicing directly into their site they could redirect users commerceblock for invoicing and settlement. this would alternative using sites like bitpay. business risks product such ours poses certain business risks. for example, traditionally styled infrastructure company central point failure; hacked falters, sensitive customer data and business logic can compromised and critical services can down. unfortunately, security vulnerabilities and bugs are reality software engineering; dealing with peoples funds leaves room for error, all our code will available for public peer review, and will also contract third-party firms audit it. these efforts, combined with the commerceblock architecture client-side fund and data management, have mitigated least some our infrastructure risk. privacy also issue. while payments most public blockchains lack privacy, are able mask any business logic trade details from public view using our pay-tocontract implementation. the future, will integrate privacy-enhancing transaction protocols into our product offerings. scaling another common concern when building applications public blockchains. network costs and wait times for customers using our platform can variable, depending the available capacity the public blockchain and the protocols they are using. with proper fee estimates, replace fee functionality, transaction cut-through, schnorr aggregation across inputs, lightning networks, and sidechains, can sufficiently manage this reality. understand that the security decentralised system requires certain usability trade-offs; transaction backlogs and healthy free market are required maintain the probabilistic security guarantees the system. embrace this reality and will engineer tools that smoothen the rough edges these security-first distributed systems. public blockchains can also experience controversial hard forks, event wherein consensus code modified backwards-incompatible way. this results the cryptocurrency fracturing into multiple coins. the event irreconcilable hard fork, commerceblock reserves the right select which networks its infrastructure and development efforts will support. comparison, commerceblock has very unique approach. well known that proofof-work-based blockchain consensus systems have base-layer scaling, security and privacy issues. attempts enable advanced smart contracting techniques chains have further degraded these already weak areas. there are other strong arguments made that requiring every full node execute and validate arbitrarily complex smart contracts poor design decision. addition, transactions cannot made dependent realworld input without having middleman (oracle) produce the data. this implies that the real-world contract logic should exist off-chain, while the actual execution the funds occurs on-chain. our pay-to-contract implementation the first step this direction. merchants and customers can embed their contract into address, that the payment itself proves who being paid and for what. the wider network does not know the details the contract, but provable zero knowledge. this done way that looks like completely normal transaction. there data bloating the blockchain through return bare multisig pubkey stuffing; dispute arises, there will question what the contractual obligations are. while blockchains cannot solve all disagreements that occur meat space, they can certainly make them less ambiguous and easier mediate. think the distributed ledger and blockchain-based systems that attempt include all this information the smart contract itself are misguided. our second step towards this end advanced templating for in-channel lightning network smart contracts using discrete log oracles. for example, two parties want enter bet the price bitcoin (as hedge); the nature that bet does not concern the general public (including competition). this requirement for privacy would make working platforms that encourage programmatic expressiveness and complexity competitive risk. these parties not want associate their funds with publicly visible smart contract that represents specific business function, not mention the fact that the talent pool those who are competent enough write smart contracts with complex conditional logic, game theoretic implications, and non-deterministic code execution pathways completely illiquid. pursuing such strategy not efficient use time money. these bettors could instead leverage our contract templates create structured derivatives bet completely multisig output scripts. with schnorr signatures, these transactions will indistinguishable from other transactions with schnorr signatures and mast would allow for elaborate conditional pathway scripting. the bettors would open channels with each other depositing funds into multisig address. the channel equilibrium would shift when the contract was and the discreet log oracle blindly signed off the final price. would also possible for one party novate and atomically swap their coins with someone who wished take over their position without prematurely ending the bet. with the modest script tooling available blockchain systems focused security and code simplicity, you can execute plethora excitingly innovative smart contracts. our infrastructure will have advantages for asset issuance well. currently, issuing assets public blockhains results total loss privacy for asset holders and issuers. whether color coins, erc- similarly structured asset issuance protocol, tokens can easily tracked anyone monitoring the blockchain. these protocols also not scale well and create incentive incompatibilities. address these issues will utilize privacy preserving solution, implemented with closed sealed sets directly the main chain. this protocol will allow assets hidden from public view while still retaining strong resistance double spends and attempts counterfeit. commerceblock tokens commerceblock plans issue commerceblock tokens (cbts), network token that will tracked public blockchain. use services the commerceblock ecosystem, customers will have pay cbts. the token will initially tracked the ethereum blockchain using erc- smart contract. when sufficiently viable sidechain colour coin scheme available more secure public blockchain, will transfer the value there. imagine future which customers using our infrastructure will also require payment cbt, creating ecosystem applications revolving around commerceblock. the commerceblock network token lays the foundation for public blockchain based ecosystem trading platforms and infrastructure companies. companies that download our sdks will fully integrated with cbts out the box. building self sustaining ecosystem companies that accept cbts, emergent network developers will incentivized improve upon and help maintain the open source libraries that commerceblock releases. this respect, cbts have binding effect: companies that build useful infrastructure using the cbts will increase its value, providing further incentive improve the libraries. this tightly couples the success ecosystem companies the commerceblock network token. commerceblock ecosystem developers building infrastructure the commerceblock platform will have access api endpoints our ecosystem that provide the following functionality: privacy-preserving invoicing and payment portal: merchants and customers receive cryptographic proof that bitcoin transaction associated with real-world contract zero knowledge. smart contract templates and escrow wizard: escrow and smart contract templates will available for trade flow management. these templates will make multisignature dispute mediation easier for bb, bc, and trading applications. templates for in-channel lightning network smart contracts will available well. api users multisignature escrow can engage their funds into swaps, cfds, and other financial instruments. extended with atomic swaps, bitcoinbacked derivatives market could constructed top the lightning network. token management and distribution: asset issuers will able construct and distribute assets public blockchains privacy-preserving manner. the token purchase agreement and other legal information can directly associated with the token. data analysis our suite analytical tools will allow customers easily analyse their trade history and search for inefficiencies trade flows. token economics token type erc- ticker cbt total supply ,,, cbt token sale token generating event payment method btc eth maximum raise token allocation token sale partners company the token sale will take place the commerceblock token issuance platform. the site, users can make payments bitcoin ethereum. once the purchasers payment has been confirmed, they will put allocation queue based the block height that their transaction confirmed in. each user will given unique deposit address ensure miners cannot game transaction-ordering and temporarily censor transactions. tokens will allocated and distributed asynchronously after being processed through the queue. maximum tokens will sold the public; that will available pre-sale purchasers, which the total token sale allocation. the pre-sale allocation not fully consumed, the extra tokens will roll into the wider token sale. there remain unpurchased tokens from this allocation after the sale has ended, the extra tokens will provably burned. any overflow payments will refunded. total the tokens will reserved and used incentives for our enterprise integration partners. the tokens allocated for enterprise partners will not released until the commerceblock platform prepared take cbts payment. the final tokens are allocated the commerceblock company. this allocation, maximum cbt) will released one month from the token sale closing date cover advisory/token launch costs. the remainder will locked for one year from the closing date, following which only will released per year. revenue usage software development operations marketing open-source software development large majority our expenses will used fund commerceblock engineers tasked with building the platform. operational costs will include stipends for consultations with legal and regulatory experts, customer relationship management, human resources, and related expenditures. marketing funds will reserved for large-scale advertising campaigns managed experts. portion our revenue will reserved for incentivising engineers work the core protocols public blockchains. will pay developers contribute some the most impactful open-source software packages the space. roadmap will ramping very quickly over the coming months. stated, have already completed open-source implementation and bip specification the pay-to-contract protocol. will using our own ethereum smart contracts and token distribution web interface for our token sale planned for november this year. once completed, will able provide this infrastructure our enterprise integration partners for use their icos. following successful token sale november, our immediate priorities will hire larger team, research our token strategy, and complete our first enterprise integration. this requires extend our pay-to-contract implementation use bip pwsh. more details about this integration will announced the coming months. will have working private beta for this client early our dedicated research teams will establish our token strategy and begin drafting specification for will see this infrastructure beta another team will research and implement alpha design our templated in-channel lightning network contracts our philosophy build tools and first test them internally and with our enterprise integration partners. cbts will the first production token our asset issuance platform, and our pay-to-contract apis and asset issuance platform will first tested our enterprise integration partners. will roll out our products the public when they have been thoroughly tested. team having been involved bitcoin early the founding team has deep experience the cryptocurrency space. with engineering backgrounds and complementary experience investment and traditional banking well technology start-ups, the founders are well suited build out blockchain-based infrastructure company. the skills the founding team are greatly enhanced the hand-picked business development and engineering teams, many whom have experience the cryptocurrency ecosystem. conclusion commerceblock has compelling story. our team has domain expertise, and have clients prepared pay for our enterprise integration services, have released productionready code, our first bip available for peer review, and our roadmap clearly defined. combine this with well-funded marketing campaign, and our company poised for success. while success never guaranteed, clear that the disintermediating capabilities public blockchains present massive opportunity for financial engineers interested all areas the global economy. new and more powerful financial products and services will designed and implemented over the coming years all sorts unexpected developments. while commerceblock cannot predict all the ways which public blockchains will used improve global trade, can, however, position ourselves the primary infrastructure provider future with permission-less financial innovation. references https://www.imf.org/external/pubs/ft/wp//wp.pdf https://bitcoin.org/bitcoin.pdf https://github.com/commerceblock/pay-to-contract-ui https://arxiv.org/pdf/..pdf https://github.com/lightningnetwork/lightning-rfc http://www.jbonneau.com/doc/gbgn-fc-physical escrow.pdf https://adiabat.github.io/dlc.pdf https://blockstream.com/sidechains.pdf https://blockstream.com/bitcoin-final.pdf https://petertodd.org//commitments-and-single-use-seals https://github.com/commerceblock/pay-to-contract-protocolspecification/blob/master/bip-draft.mediawiki http://www.columbia.edu/~jl/btc.pdf https://cyber.stanford.edu/sites/default/files/russelloconnor.pdf important notice this document and any other documents published association with this white paper relate potential token offering persons (contributors) respect the intended development and use the network various participants. this document does not constitute offer securities promotion, invitation solicitation for investment purposes. the terms the contribution are not therefore intended financial services offering document prospectus. the token offering involves and relates the development and use experimental software and technologies that may not come fruition achieve the objectives specified the white paper. the purchase tokens represents high risk any contributors. tokens not represent equity, shares, units, royalties rights capital, profit income the network software the entity that issues tokens any other company intellectual property associated with the network any other public private enterprise, corporation, foundation other entity any jurisdiction. the token not therefore intended represent security interest.