october chex white paper version commodity holdings exchange (chex) hard, soft digital asset exchange supernetwork core dev team the chex, inc. tokensale.thechex.com commodity holdings exchange (chex) table contents abstract broad decentralized commodity holdings layer pillar construction through process modularity industry ambassadors and the expanded network cannabis hemp exchange existing proof concept pillar prospective chex pillars chx rewards program business class token use cases individual class token use cases collateralized market orders encrypted public ledger chex revenue model why industry wide chex token adoption valuable token sale specifications roadmap phases post token sale frequently asked questions (faqs) conclusion commodity holdings exchange (chex) white paper abstract trading within individual commodity and business-to-business (bb) product industries carries its own idiosyncratic business processes. individual players within specific industry also have their own idiosyncratic processes. the chex premium platform provides robust range tools and feature sets customize individual business storefront private exchange, and also meet entire industry's requirements for public exchange through process modularity. each feature exists part business process. we've built robust set modules that each contain generic process and designed all features industry agnostic, repurposed and further customized between industry platforms. within each module deeper set customization rules. examples process modules include product bundling, lot specifications, order communication channels, order tracking logistics, order settlement, social and business networking, affiliate platform trees, compliance verification, user ratings, etc. chex process modules can swapped and linked adaptive ways provide all necessary features for smooth user experience establish business, participate widespread commerce and ensure regulatory compliance. piecing these module sets together can wired such way solve all idiosyncratic needs each asset sector looking optimize exchange well launch other marketplace types (bc, cc, cb). new industry platform can expediently loaded and operating with our existing library robust process modules. commodity holdings exchange (chex) the underlying blockchain layer integrating chex token (chx) into individual exchange platforms establishes common transaction medium for asset exchange between parties and distributed, immutable ledger record verifiable asset holdings and physical inventory tracking. furthermore, our token integration economic innovation for buyers and sellers transact more favorably versus established networks via the chx rewards program. chex tokens will rewarded power users that supply market activity and useful content which boosts industry's platform ecosystem with network effects. since chex token units serve transaction medium for these platforms, the value rewarded tokens will provide subsidy all transactions; thereby discounting the market buyers and ensuring sellers settle top market price. individual broker accounts who may navigate between industries also earn chx connecting buyers and sellers. the chex token layer serves bind all independent industry exchanges powered common blockchain. our first proof concept rollout the chex technology the active and fully developed cannabis hemp exchange (chex) platform www.thechex.com which includes token layer integration. the chex ecosystem will power various industry pillars, which will customized according the needs and regulations the chosen industries collaboration with industry ambassadors. broad decentralized commodity holdings layer commodity holdings exchange (chex) token layer innovation that will directly impact the optimization established and unestablished commodity and asset exchange networks. this blockchain-based layer will serve the financial foundation indefinite array diverse industry sectors through common transaction medium and distributed, immutable ledger record for asset verification and physical inventory tracking. chex token erc compliant ethereum backed token. the verification validity chex-initiated ledger records backed and secured the vast network ethereum miners and active nodes. this cancels out previously established middlemen various industries, and also serves decentralized data store all industry market activity. the chex token layer powers the construction and operation industry specific exchange and storefront networks, refer them pillars. our first pillar the cannabis hemp exchange, also superficially branded chex. pillars for multiple industry sectors will constructed using our innovative and expeditious production pipeline combining multitude generic process modules serve specific industry needs and the individual players within it. individual pillars across all types commodity and asset sectors are bound together the common chex token layer allowing for all industries reap the networking benefits and technological innovations that come with blockchain-backed, decentralized premium services. pillar construction through process modularity since the beginning chex development, designed all features industry agnostic. this means, all features from one platform can repurposed and customized another platform. turns features into more toolbox refer them process modules. each feature exchange storefront exists behind the scenes part business process. these business processes are packaged into generic process modules. examples existing customizable process modules include: product bundling customize how products are sold tiered bulk sets. units measurement and unit variants. lot specifications commodity holdings exchange (chex) commodity and product lot orders are paired with customizable set lot specification tags that cater desired requirements for the traded asset. order communication channels different points the supply chain, focused and threaded communication needed. industry ambassadors individual businesses can decide where direct, contractual communication should reside between buyers and sellers. order settlement orders solve their contracts through bid/ask/counteroffer process then move into mutually shared order tracking and settlement. alternative order price types are limit and auction. integrated settlement cart traditional shopping cart processes can optional quick settlement feature work the primary settlement layer and serve the business more storefront than exchange dynamic. social and business networking all user profiles can representative either individuals companies. companies can create internal network individual user accounts. quick connection features such mobile scanning allows users add contacts person for instant visibility into their market activity. affiliate platform trees company user account can add and configure affiliate user platforms (inventory for sale, business processes, etc) which operate their own exchanges storefronts and funnel sales and market activity the parent company. compliance verification industry sectors all require unique user onboarding verification documents and licenses. verified user ratings enable trustless exchange between users, vouch system from verified clientele can used establish reputation system amongst individuals and businesses. manifest order tracking logistics full end-to-end order tracking logs are tied each order placed exchanges and storefronts. manifests can store any and all data created and synchronized real-time with order bundle ids and subset order item ids. and much more there are many more robust and various features that can listed which are better served for onboarded industry ambassadors dictate. the customization potential for all process modules successfully serve all industry sectors and their idiosyncratic use cases. industry ambassadors and the expanded network the commodity holdings exchange (chex) ecosystem houses vast array varying industry pillars. each pillar will need customized according the needs and regulations the chosen industry. these needs and regulations will fulfilled and managed co-managed industry ambassador. any individual account(s) take the task initiating pillar for industry will flagged "industry ambassador" for that industry. being industry ambassador offers set special permissions create the rules upon which the exchange commodity holdings exchange (chex) marketplace and storefront platforms within their chosen industry behave and are interacted with the community. industry ambassadors possess visual toolset manage and organize process modules meet the needs their specific industry. the visual toolset makes easy for users with any background architect their industry's exchange and storefront behaviors. industry ambassadors can promote set administrators and moderators help the governance their pillar's rulebook and community guidelines. governance industry can also dynamic based user-voting rights thereby removing the centralization power within given industry. all industry ambassadors have equal opportunity enroll their industry's pillar the expanded chex token (chx) ecosystem networked pillars. all participating pillars contribute and benefit from the global chx rewards program. cannabis hemp exchange existing proof concept pillar our first proof concept pillar design was beta launched cannabis hemp exchange currently serving two cannabis clients representing different regions pacific wholesale network (distributor) california and high frequencies (producer) colorado. also currently have numerous interested leads and several other clients being onboarded with chex create their own regional private exchanges and digital wholesale storefronts. while each individual business will create and store their own unique commodity and finished products, the data generated through their private, individual chex usage also primed simultaneously compatible with the expanded and public cannabis hemp exchange. businesses have the option remain private seller within their own cannabis exchange and/or storefront network well the option flip switch and seamlessly post their commodity lots and products onto the greater open and public exchanges that will host regional levels (see business plan). commodity holdings exchange (chex) regulatory compliance modules specifically for cannabis industry sectors (marijuana and industrial hemp) have been installed and only allow verified licensed users regulated markets engage active commerce. onboarding and usage for all chex platforms geo-fenced for intrastate commerce only where required law (u.s. marijuana trade). the legality these regional industries strictly within the confines u.s. states' rights. the u.s. government has defunded federal agency enforcement and states now benefit from regulatory guidelines intrastate cannabis commerce. chex does not touch the plant and simply facilitates connections between licensed parties via software that fully compliant with all targeted regional regulations. furthermore, regarding cannabis trade and online payments, have extensive measures place fully compliant with all state and federal law enforcement. prospective regional partnerships with compliant cannabis banks and companies that help them open/monitor accounts, such tokken and kind financial, will provide legal value transfer capability (fiat, crypto, chx) both counterparties chex transaction have bank account. until then, online transactions this pillar are facilitated only the order agreement, invoicing and delivery stages, but financial settlement still happens cash offline. for other currently insurmountable legal hurdles, are avoiding rollout certain technologies. the meantime, while the industry legally matures, have built and continue build out all the technological architecture preparation for when the regulated restraints are lifted, and have begun successfully onboard users. this way, are firmly positioned for rapid adoption day zero national and international legal cannabis markets. chose the cannabis industry our first proof concept part because the infancy associated with the regulatory environment surrounding it. this gave us, technology team, fresh opportunity innovate over established processes and inefficiencies that are common other industries. spent over two years inventing technological solutions for all cannabis, hemp and general commodity and product exchange use cases. furthermore, nascent industry and fastest growing globally, cannabis good entry point due lower barriers than other commodity exchange sectors, and provides chance solve real issues for the betterment industry stakeholders. banking, price discovery and quality control (see business plan) are the big initial problems prevalent across disparately evolving global cannabis industry with regionally fragmented business rules and regulations. part the reason for price discovery and quality control issues and inconsistencies due the fact that cannabis the most unique and nuanced commodity the world. this poses major challenge and opportunity for exchange influence sensible trade standards. our goal use our experience and proof concept the cannabis industry launching point improving commodity and asset exchange frameworks other business sectors. part our final stage development and expansion phase post token sale, cannabis hemp exchange will the first pillar demonstrate the full chex master suite which includes the brokerage layer, upgraded versions chx payment medium (version active prior token sale), and the chex token rewards program. see roadmap for further details. prospective chex pillars there are multitude commodity traded exchange networks that can broken down into three major asset classes. all individual sectors can onboarded the chex ecosystem. the more sectors that adopt the commodity holdings exchange (chex) technology, the more fungibility attested the chex token (chx) which turn increases the overall utility value prospect. the following asset classes are targeted our team: hard commodity assets metals (precious, industrial) gold, silver, platinum, palladium, copper, lead, zinc, molybdenum, tin, aluminum/alloy, nickel, recycled steel, cobalt, etc energy wti crude oil, brent crude, ethanol, natural gas, heating oil, gulf coast gasoline, rbob gasoline, propane, purified terephthalic acid, etc petroleum soft commodity assets agricultural (grains, softs, livestock) corn, oats, rough rice, soybeans, rapeseed, soybean meal, soybean oil, wheat, milk, cocoa, coffee, cotton, sugar, palm oil, rubber, wool, amber, etc. renewable energy digital assets cryptocurrencies (bitcoin, ethereum, litecoin, dash, chx, etc) business leads (commercial mortgage, merchant cash advance, business loans, etc) mmo gold (in-game currency), steam keys (computer game licences), music, art, etc within the above targeted industries, our chex master suite feature set currently and prospectively benefits all the following industry specific players and their idiosyncratic use cases: producers, processors, wholesalers, distributors, retailers, brokers, double brokers, delivery and ancillary services, regulators, market analysts and speculators, and other stakeholders. chx rewards program overview and proprietary algorithm platform users will rewarded chex tokens for their participation all chex pillars. every verified business and individual account will have running chex token (chx) balance. through platform usage that contributes the chex ecosystem and overall network effect the engaged industry pillar, users will rewarded chex tokens. the algorithm determine reward schedules will remain private, proprietary and will evolve based usage metrics analysis. keeping the proprietary algorithm private and adaptive ensures that malicious users cannot find exploits artificially pump their chx balances. examples rewardable platform uses include but are not limited to: becoming verified licensed business class user submitting complete new commodity and product specifications that are subsequently admin approved placement active market orders onto private public exchanges execution active market orders that eventually reach verified settlement providing vouch ratings users after verified order settlements with the relevant party commodity holdings exchange (chex) successful brokerage listings third party quality verification services provided active affiliate tree creation and subsequent verified market activity providing certain amount periodic market activity there will indefinite set metrics obtain when analyzing high user activity data. from these usage metrics, can balance the chex token reward system with economic forces create sustainable reward system. consumables recirculation the source funds for all commodity and asset sectors begin with object possessing intrinsic value. for example, cannabis flower has intrinsic value for the consumers the end product derivatives. the initial source the cannabis seed. seeds grow feeding supplied nutrients, water, air and sunlight, which are all sustainable natural ecosystem. mimic this ecosystem and build off the harvested value the plant has consumed. once the intrinsic value has transferred our systems, can combine the economic forces different industry players feed off each other and grow symbiotically. for example, when business user contractually settles with another user through chex token cryptocurrency, required transaction fee applied. portion this transaction fee used record the transaction onto the blockchain. the remainder placed into the chx rewards program then recirculated the community based merits and metrics. the chex, inc. acquires zero percent these transaction fees this rewards program entirely designed purely community driven ecosystem. chx rewards transaction subsidies because chx used the settlement layer, either business class users already possess balance chex token rewards then they are subsidized their transactions normal usage the chex platform. the subsidy creates benefit for buyers and sellers alike. chx rewards are present the time purchase, buyer will able bid for higher purchase price than they would outside unaffiliated asset exchange network. this drives the highest bid price even higher than what other exchange platforms can offer. sellers are able liquidate volume exceptionally higher market rate while buyers are either purchasing normal discounted rates. this reward subsidy structure helps both sides the market. individual broker accounts third party who can earn chex tokens through platform engagement the individual broker account. individuals can participate the chex ecosystem facilitating business-to-business (bb) transactions. businesses benefit from decentralizing brokerage services. this example how different, independent market participants can symbiotically benefit and grow from their individual market activity and needs. thus, the chex ecosystem strengthened and sustainable. further details regarding market use cases are detailed the sections below. commodity holdings exchange (chex) deterministic payouts through local and global ladders there are two ladder-style ranking systems that determine the distributed payouts the chx rewards program fund. each pillar will have their own local ladder upon which all pillar contained users are ranked. rankings are progressed based individual's accumulation activity points. noted earlier, activity point awards are calculated through proprietary and adaptive algorithm based usage metrics. the more activity points user accumulates, the higher that user ranked within their local ladder. all participating pillars also rank amongst each other global ladder that spans across the entire chex platform. user's rank pillar's rank does not guarantee accurately calculable amount chx rewards paid out the end market session. the ranking simply allows for higher roll percentage upon payout (see "dice roll" below). user's also obtain recognition and reputation through placing visibly higher the ladders. winners' accounts will attributed their past successes the hopes generating trust amongst unaffiliated market players. however, past successes not influence their future ranking placements all activity points are wiped clean upon active market session closing payouts. monthly market sessions each market session spans the length one month. during active market session, all users and pillars accumulate activity points based usage metrics. every transaction that occurs between buyers and sellers creates transaction fee. the entirety these transaction fees are held the chx rewards fund. the close the active market session the payout triggered. for each user, dice roll performed. the dice roll has higher payout chance based their local ranking and their pillar's global ranking. the payout will favor users with higher ranking but still based dice roll. meaning, not possible accurately calculate exact amounts rewards distributed each individual user until the closing the active market session. however, there will real-time running estimate based probability and active ladder rankings. aggressive new user adoption policy through the chx rewards program are able apply revolutionary new user adoption mechanisms rank-favoring novice but active users. the proprietary rewards algorithm will target new users who display eagerness participate their pillar's organic economic growth. payout from the chx rewards fund the end market session, the policy here distribute the community's resources the weakest market players. the weakest market players are lifted the strongest market players then that creates virtuous cycle encouragement and ultimately retention new strong market players. the strong market players are already satisfied their performance due proving long-standing success their chosen marketplace. the weak market players are therefore encouraged maintain participation being rewarded heavily and thereby becoming strong market players. thus, the virtuous cycle repeats itself with new active players entering the market, forever. this also prevents insurmountable barrier entry for new users disallowing the strongest players from monopolizing the entire exchange and potentially their entire industry. upward trending new user adoption rates provide network effects that benefit everyone. commodity holdings exchange (chex) commodity holdings exchange (chex) business class token use cases the primary utility the chex token for business class users will transaction medium. cryptocurrencies provide quick, trustless, verifiable, immutable, distributed transfer value. chex token exception and provides all these features through the ethereum blockchain. business class users may use their chex tokens number ways. they can maintain possession them and transfer them all chex compliant industry pillars for further fungibility. the choice use chex token for transactions will seamless and superficially invisible. however, all transaction activity can verified looking under the hood via the user's current pillar modules viewing the direct, public blockchain transaction records. pillar design can choose have encrypted decrypted public ledger data. encrypted, only relevant verified pillar users may view actual market data and asset verification logs. the secondary utility for the chex token for business class users will distributed, verifiable blockchain ledger. every detail about the initiation order all the way through the final logistics log will combined into encrypted plain text ledger record. this record can serve provable store value and physical inventory. backed and secured the ethereum network miners and active nodes. this can used record store any asset class including soft and hard commodities and digital assets. market activity audits can done publicly regulators should the industry pillar choose store plain text market data. individual class token use cases the token utility available for individual class users will obtain portion transaction fees facilitating the purchase between active, verified buyers and sellers the industry sector they are currently participating in. this brokerage system benefits businesses and individuals alike. businesses automatically have distributed sales force providing exposure for their commodities and products. individuals are able provide chx compensated service any industry pillar that has regulatory guidelines open brokerage accounts and activity. with chex token being the common denominator all chex pillars, individual brokers can seamlessly apply their craft multiple industry sectors. brokers can also obtain reputation and adopted companies. this gives brokers permanent share the transaction fees whether not they specifically routed successful market order. otherwise, broker ids will tied the market order that brokers advertise and are subsequently paid out chex tokens upon successful transaction active market order. brokers qualify for chx rewards. collateralized market orders the chex token technology allows trustless exchange value. additionally, users can foster enhanced version trustless business collateralizing their actively posted market sell orders. novice user faced with reputation conundrum which they are unable prove they are viable market players without first selling volume and gaining vouch ratings from their counterparties. fix this issue, have created the architecture for novice users put chex token blockchain provable store value collateral for their promised asset volume exchanged the platform. this allows buyers trust that even the most novice users will deliver the volume they have posted the exchange. the collateralized order not delivered, the token collateral will released the violated parties. not all conflicted statuses are created equal, there may moderation services needed ensure viability the released collateral. moderation services can third party service they can decentralized the community. these services will grow within the community entities present themselves and become part the overall chex ecosystem. commodity holdings exchange (chex) encrypted public ledger the primary benefit any blockchain its distributed store verifiable data upon independent but linked hardware nodes and miners. the data recorded these blocks data are publicly available anyone who seeks out the information. due the nature this mechanism, some industry sectors and individual players would wish remain anonymous for fear the targeting physical inventory based high volume market activity. solve this issue, have provided process module allow encryption all market data. this choice bars public regulatory audit but protects industry players. some industry pillars may choose store market activity plain text. there value plain text storage having fully decentralized, trustless and provable blockchain record all asset class exchanges. commodity holdings exchange (chex) chex revenue model transactions between parties that not use chx payment medium fall under sub fee per transaction structure; market data; ancillary services marketplace; back office premium features; targeted marketing; consulting services (brokerage, etc); and derivatives market contracts transaction fees traditional transaction fee under will collected for transactions any pillar the chex network not using chx (instead using fiat another cryptocurrency). this will happen the time contracted order finalizes into agreement. chx payment methods incur only transaction fees that support the blockchain log miner fee and fill the chx rewards fund. chx fees are more inexpensive than traditional fees. market data data acquired through heavily active platform use will valuable for buyers and sellers, market analysts, marketing firms using targeted systems, and government body regulators. all sensitive data will uphold the highest available privacy standards according regional laws. market data revenue will shared with users who contribute transaction volume further platform use incentive. ancillary services services such delivery logistics, product certification and quality assurance verification, professional services, equipment providers, etc. any services that can directly benefit our business class and individual users and simultaneously seek have access our clientele. back office premium features pillar software has set robust process modules and some them require premium subscription. inventory management, advanced reporting, integration with certain apps and networks, and other customized features may require premium usage model. targeted marketing part the data acquired, intelligent demographic algorithm will allow for outside marketers target relevant businesses and individuals should their accounts warrant that level publicity. derivatives market/contract types forwards, futures, options, interest rate swaps, environmental instruments, freight contracts, exchange-traded funds (etfs), etc. commodity holdings exchange (chex) why industry wide chex token adoption valuable blockchain tokens and coins move the speed the internet. internet latency speeds have dropped into the single digit millisecond ping rates. this leads perceptibly immediate transfer times. internet connectivity has reached levels practical ubiquity due cellular range global expansion. there are already active projects targeting satellite mesh networks that set expand practical ubiquity fully realized global ubiquity internet connectivity any device with wi-fi adaptor. with all these technological advancements place, blockchain token can sufficiently replicate the convenience cash money without the physical burden and insecurity tangibility. blockchain tokens also have central minting authority. they are fully decentralized the network miners and full node computers. this also means that contained within the blockchain's network there governing policing authority. blockchain wallets are secured private key behind effectively unbreakable encryption. this means that wallets containing tokens are secured long the private key not extracted and shared. this makes all token wallets unable actually seized law enforcement body without willingly giving them up. all industry players were adopt unifying blockchain token would improve fungibility the token across the board and provide highly liquid means value transfer between businesses well customers. there would need for alternative reserve currency such regional fiat backed governing political body's rules and regulations which doesn't always have the best interests every community member mind. customers would able pay for end products with tokens retail stores. producers and intermediaries would able accept token payment from retailers and wholesale customers, and themselves compensated the same token for goods and services rendered. ancillary and third party industry services would economically benefit from aligning around the same token ecosystem. with the robust exchange software have developed and the chx rewards program consistently onboarding new users through revolutionary economic models, all industry players stand mutually benefit. commodity holdings exchange (chex) token sale specifications the chex token (chx) pure utility token model. this means, there zero speculative value attached the issuance this token. the chex token technologically paired the chex software platform. there reserve supply being used compensate any strategic partners. founders and developers receive allotment tokens any point the life the token contract. all tokens are publicly available fixed price upon the opening the chex token sale. analogous business models include video game arcade diy car wash token machines. the same way that video gamer will visit arcade and exchange their currency choice for tokens play video games, user purchasing chex tokens will have the ability utilize the chex platform. early adopters will given the option for bulk discounts they intend purchase larger amounts chex tokens. you plan purchase chex token, you hereby agree have expectation profit. token sale opens august :pm utc chex tokens will indefinitely available through the purchase page tokensale.thechex.com until the entire supply depleted total chex token supply billion (,,, chx) supply allocation [updated ver ..] (,, chx) crowdsale supply crowdsale will end when this supply depleted (,, chx) bounty campaign supply (,, chx) bounty phase ii. (,, chx) bounty reserve iii. details: https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=.msg msg discount available for early adopters until october see website for pricing tokensale.thechex.com chex token ethereum erc token purchase methods bitcoin (btc) ethereum (eth) altcoins (via shapeshift.io) -minute deposit portal created when user wishes purchase and gain chx users can register for chex account via the purchase page chx balances can viewed within the 'my tokens' tab the purchase page when logged progress bars token sale milestones will updated real-time the purchase page users who provide erc compliant wallet address the time purchase will awarded their chx tokens immediately users who not provide wallet address can view their stored chx balance the 'my tokens' tab for more information regarding specific contract addresses and other information, see the faq section the chex token sale website at: tokensale.thechex.com commodity holdings exchange (chex) roadmap phases post token sale the chex platform began development and onboarded its first beta clients development was started early preempt laws and regulations easing the united states. early blockchain systems were put place from the beginning the development. wasn't until ethereum's token contracts were publicly available that can now proceed fully empowered the innovations the blockchain. upon closure and final distribution the chex token sale, the chex, inc. will continue into our final stage development and expansion. final stage development and expansion beginning ii. iii. iv. vi. vii. viii. ix. ramping new engineering seats assigned onboarding queue clientele cross-platform native app development expand upon existing ios/android native app for core commodity exchange foundation already developed and available for use expand internal sales, marketing, pr, legal, quality assurance, technical/customer support, security administration teams full compliance for new systems development and deployment individual brokerage accounts priority based pillar need/regulatory compliance final polish pass all internal admin systems final polish pass external application user experiences, including new user onboarding supplemented with tutorials and video heavy testing phase brand awareness campaigns chex master suite launch ii. iii. iv. vi. vii. viii. all systems finalized and polished for new user onboarding full public release for free individual accounts and verified business class accounts individual class accounts delivery depends pillar need/regulatory compliance (cannabis u.s. regulation does not allow brokerage) chex token layer fully operational chex pillar fully operational pillar process modularity system visually enhanced with user friendliness affiliate trees, public and private exchanges, business storefronts (public private) all golden master with critical bugs and full ux/ui polish new user polished experience with tutorial videos, tool tips and help documentation easy customer and technical support channels commodity holdings exchange (chex) frequently asked questions (faqs) will chx listed cryptocurrency exchanges? the chex, inc. has formal plans place commit personally listing our chex token any secondary cryptocurrency exchanges. will able transfer purchased chex tokens external wallet? yes, once you purchase chex token your personal property. much like video game arcade, once you purchase tokens you are legally allowed walk out the door with your tokens. however, our platform designed the only practical environment utilize the full extent the chex tokens. purchasing chex token, becoming investor the chex, inc.? no, you are only purchasing tokens you were purchasing any other product from webstore. what are you doing with the proceeds the chex token sale? are earning revenue that will used similar ways that other corporations utilize revenue. you are interested the chex, inc. investor please see our business plan which contains use funds documentation. investors have alternative avenues. the token sale not the avenue for investor speculation. will founders and developers awarded tokens? no, the entire supply the token will allocated the crowd sale and therefore publicly available. internal external parties will allocated tokens outside the crowdsale purchase page. when will the token integration ready? the chex token integration already live. our exchange and storefront software has been beta since and this now includes chex token integration allowing for several use cases including medium exchange, direct order settlement, contact list transfers, external wallet deposits and withdrawals. why the move pure utility token sale? when the sec reported certain token type sales can classified unregistered securities, took note. revisited our legal counsel and restructured everything from the bottom top our offering. the ending result what think wonderful gift the crypto community and are much happier with the end product due following the legal guidance the securities exchange commission. and think you will happy with well! are you taking precautions regarding legality cannabis trade and online payments? yes, have extensive measures place fully compliant with all state and federal law enforcement. onboarding and usage for all chex platforms geo-fenced for intrastate commerce only where required law (u.s. marijuana trade). the legality these regional industries strictly within the confines u.s. states' rights. the u.s. government has defunded federal agency enforcement and states now benefit from regulatory guidelines intrastate cannabis commerce. chex does not touch the plant and simply facilitates connections between licensed parties via software that fully compliant with all targeted regional regulations. commodity holdings exchange (chex) regarding online payments, prospective regional partnerships with compliant cannabis banks and companies that help them open/monitor accounts, such tokken and kind financial, will provide legal value transfer capability (fiat, crypto, chx) both counterparties chex transaction have bank account. until then, online transactions this pillar are facilitated only the order agreement, invoicing and delivery stages, but financial settlement still happens cash offline. for other currently insurmountable legal hurdles, are avoiding rollout certain technologies. the meantime, while the industry legally matures, have built and continue build out all the technological architecture preparation for when the regulated restraints are lifted, and have begun successfully onboarding users. this way, are firmly positioned for rapid adoption day zero national and international legal cannabis markets. conclusion newly empowered blockchain innovations, smart contracts and token contracts, the chex, inc. moving our fintech software into new paradigm. our proof concept pillar with the cannabis hemp exchange has proven that our extensive auditing commodity and products exchange industry was key implementing real-world solutions solve all business and individual use cases. are excited have direct relationship with you and gain new eyes and new enthusiasts through this token sale. our core team has been living nothing but chex for the past years and are excited move into the future with large boost from the crypto community that have watched and engaged closely throughout. the chex, inc. core development team