white paper decentralized travel booking marketplace. march www.concierge.io executive summary this document follows the process concierge.io marketplace (user- the concierge.io design, development interface) and (user-experience) and execution. concierge.io has been designed give much decentralized travel booking accessibility both the vendor and marketplace that utilizes the neo consumers. the platform utilizes specific blockchain, reducing party api's enable speed transfering interaction, whilst pledging listings from other platforms providing transparent operational process. the maximum efficiency. traditional concierge.io travel booking platform payment methods (e.g. visa/master connects consumers directly with card) will option with top vendors over the platform, discuss cryptocurrencies added due course. their deals with fees commissions. while for consumers the ease use for aim become the first now booking hotel, tour property decentralized global travel marketplace utilizing cryptocurrencies upon us. that will one-stop shop for all travel the focus towards the community will related services. current centralized increase substantial worth market leaders (e.g. booking.com, the cge token. this will increase airbnb. com, expedia.com) take constantly grow the team bringing booking fees from vendors, which both blockchain and travel industry prices are passed onto consumers more experts and develop the platform giving often than not. added this fee, are everyday usage for blockchain whilst ones from payment merchants charging changing the industry for the better. around each transaction. table contents executive summary introduction market overview concierge business model why blockchain? cge ledger cge token sale decentralized app web platform project dynamics system architecture technical business platform development roadmap team risk factors regulatory strategy faq references disclaimer introduction inspiration travel tourism generated approximately trillion (.% global gdp) []. online booking covers majority the revenues with those bookings taken online []. however, this situation, the online booking often through one the big intermediaries dominating the industry, collectively setting high percentage booking fees. turn, reducing and slowing the development these businesses. due the lack change over the last decade within online booking platforms, this presents opportunity for utilization the blockchain within the industry. overview current online platforms have such power over vendors they issue average fee each booking (in some cases have seen fees). due the dominance the key players, it's hard for vendors from small large groups elsewhere, until now. concierge.io provides user-friendly booking and exchange platform utilizing the neo blockchain. the platform will beneficial for vendors, offering them considerable lower costs use the platform. thus, allowing vendors set lower price for consumers but retain higher profit they are entitled to. the platform will provide transparent, safe and non-influential environment for consumer something which haven't yet seen within the industry. vision concierge.io will developed decentralized application and web-platform that allows move away from the common treats which are presented within the industry the current moment. concierge.io aims the most transparent, secure and safe system for booking and purchase all aspect the travel and tourism sector. booking speed, safety, and transparency current intermediaries take bookings with average confirmation time between hours. they also allow vendors pay for reviews manipulated and changed accordingly. these intermediaries also state they play role the refund process listings aren't described there discrepancy with the booking. this common practice across multiple monopolies within the industry which highlights disregard for both vendors and consumers within the supply chain. introduction areas revolution below are the key areas which concierge.io surpasses benefit over the traditional means booking. blockchain the technology enables control and automate systematic errors which occur the current process booking. loyalty system standards for users meet, give them rewards upon reaching goals, etc. this will use automated system. reviews blockchain allows transparency and honesty the review system. overbooking blockchain will enable never double book single booking. policy and compliance blockchain facilitates users book locations they desire long it's within policy. travel data still gets collected, consolidated and made available, instantly. charge backs blockchain allows use reduce risk payment charge backs. while reducing the risk any personal data being stored anywhere. duty care with blockchain, risk management systems could granted access traveler's location any time, benefiting greatly cases calamities. traveler profiles blockchain enables one unified profile available those explicitly given access. removing silos blockchain allows settlement blockchain enables medium exchange the transfer payments real-time, instantly settled, streamlined and continuous auditing and reduction fees. predominance permission and private blockchain the industry, closed ecosystems are already well developed, this the next step forward for the industry. introduction solution concierge.io solves the issues stated above creating innovative decentralized application and web-platform which utilizes the neo blockchain bring; speed transactions incorporating instant transactions between users instant transactions over the neo blockchain tps (transactions per second). safety booking case disputes discrepancies will offer dispute option within each booking made via concierge.io platforms. (evidence the issue within the booking/service would need presented, and both parties must respond due time agree about the issue). transparent and accurate reviews (blockchain doesn't allow reviews manipulated edited there's always honest feedback from genuine customers). peer-to-peer communication between vendor and consumer (concierge.io are the first market within the travel industry utilizing the peer-to-peer function). market overview total contribution travel tourism gdp billion usd direct indirect induced breakdown travel tourism's total contribution gbp and employment gdp billion usd)) global investment positives: global bookings across the industry are upward trend. demand expected keep maintaining upward trend regarding growth. the asian market also upward trend, and many vendors are adding more availability. direct indirect induced total contribution travel tourism market overview online sector review growth the online travel agency industry likely below the expectations set the last few years. the conversion from offline online booking largely complete, and industry growth depends the slower organic growth the whole travel industry opposed shift within it. travel service vendors react the slowdown growth, the online travel agencies could face declining rates transactions hurting profitability. vendors travel services seek cut out the intermediaries. strengthening dollar will weigh international revenues. hotel room bookings are significant driver revenue for most the industry. majority booking platforms within the industry utilizing metasearch engines. metasearch understood allow individual vendor's access the search engine showing listings from only that company across times locations services. online advertising space specific travel also available purchase. thus, creating consumers, travel consumers and travel vendors. key industry statistics: est eps growth historic eps growth historic sales growth beta top firms market cap priceline expedia ctrip tripadvisor custom portfolio weights priceline expedia ctrip tripadvisor p/e p/s roe digital travel worldwide sales between (billion usd) priceline: booking.com priceline.com agoda.com kayak rentalcars.com opentable tripadvisor: tripadvisor.com viator.com expedia: ctrip: expedia.com hotels.com hotwire travelocity egencia carrentals.com orbitz.com cheaptickets.com ctrip.com currently the online travel market priceline, expedia, tripadvisor ctrip have complete monopolies over the market. consumers don't even realize that these companies are monopolies they present themselves competing brands. they allow consumers believe that they have choice when fact the ownership each platform the hands the same corporations. concierge business model what does concierge.io offer? concierge.io marketplace offering transparent, simple booking platform for hotels, tour and property exchanges within the travel tourism industry. creating global interactive purchasing and exchange platform, reducing the cost for all users while considerably increasing service levels and accessibility. concierge.io improves all aspects what currently offered within the industry. network scalability within industry, average transaction per online platform approximately tps (transaction per second). concierge.io initially looked use ethereum. however, long-term scalability eth simply wouldn't scale the transaction speed and quantity that expect. this directed concierge.io utilize the neo blockchain currently running confirmed tps with the potential reach tps. compete for strong market position concierge.io will utilize the neo blockchain its optimum []. benefits concierge.io concierge.io acts facilitator the transaction between the vendor and consumer, presenting the listings hotels, tours property exchanges offered upon the concierge network. peer-to-peer communication offered between vendor and consumer minimal charges booking transactions considerably lower operational cost for all listings transparent platform and network secure and encrypted operational system booking commision fees for vendors concierge business model customer segmentation our consumer segmentation divided into sections, target both consumers and vendors for our platforms: consumers: millennials aged: are the consumer target for the app. from the web-platform. (both platforms work coherently and complement each other). vendors: hotel resort vendors. trip tour operators: from small solo run tours operators with multi-tours. all services within travel, will look incorporate the long term directly through the app and web platform. distribution channels prior communications with our network, within the travel sector, indicate the industry's support concierge.io's concept and that they look forward becoming part concierge.io when ready. social media channels will key focus reach our specific target demographics (including facebook, instagram, and youtube). also, incorporating the use google keywords (seo) another focal point. will adjust our campaign specific periods the year when consumers make bookings, each location and will target those areas with special offers. (to make easier for vendors join are incorporating the use specific api's which will allow them simply click transfer listings from existing sites they operate on). costing breakdown structure development the application and web-platform maintenance and updating application web-platform. marketing: reaching the target audience the consumers and vendors. employment: bringing together team strong, diverse individuals, adaptable, experienced within blockchain and all technical areas digital business operations. see section for further information the tokenomics the project. concierge business model revenue streams concierge.io travel booking platform with commission fee and utilize featured/sponsored advertising. search pages will contain featured ads within each consumer search. will only offering positions each page available for featured ads, this has twofold advantage. firstly will not inundating the page with advertising, therefore, diminishing the significance the organic searches. and, secondly, this website real estate will have premium value for the vendor wishing promote their offering above the standard organic search. envision proportion the saving that each vendor receives from using booking fee site will actually utilized pay for this featured space. the adverts this featured space will similar the standard organic search but will have small indicator showing that they are featured and therefore paid for the vendor. this will enable consumer still have choice which type search result click thereby maintaining the quality and independence the search listings. note: this will have impact the organic rankings each listing. our goal optimize trade between consumers and vendors but never impact fair trade quality standards. why blockchain? systematic recording concierge.io travel booking platform based the neo blockchain which incorporates verifiable records, which confirms that transaction has followed the correct procedures. consumers will have confidence that payments will made instantly while recording the terms the deal over the blockchain. including bringing transparency the review process upon the platform. reduction transaction costs blockchain allows move away from traditional methods transaction fees often ranging between set flat fees regardless transaction sizes. using cge, this will significantly reduce the cost transaction, giving considerable savings all users utilizing the concierge.io platform. note: concierge.io will accept both fiat and cryptocurrencies. rates transaction fees will vary dependant method payment. automated disputes will incorporating systematic autonomous dispute function within the marketplace. our ecosystem will operate all standard disputes based the evidence provided the parties involved. e.g. consumer booked all-inclusive hotel booking with vendor and during their stay they had food poisoning. the vendor would have pre-agreed within our terms and conditions that the consumer can provide evidence such doctor's note from the period time during their stay, when this issue occurred they would entitled refund. all cases will assessed thoroughly and constantly monitored our team. peer-to-peer communication concierge.io will the first booking platform incorporate direct connection between the vendor and consumer via peer-to-peer chat. this chat will privately hidden within the blockchain. thus, allowing consumer ask and understand any questions, royalty discounts deals that are currently offer from said vendor. safe transparent concierge.io platform fully transparent for both vendors and consumers while offering fairer deal. reducing costs for vendors, turn, bring costs down for consumers while increasing service levels. safety within the marketplace essential and needs evident within the industry, this somewhat lacking the present moment across all other platforms currently available online. cge ledger concierge.io community constructing community around cge, allows added value the system and what built around it. evidentially this will become somewhat focus point for the attraction new users over the concierge.io platform and neo ecosystem. our platform provides ease accessibility for both consumers and vendors both list and purchases anything upon the user-friendly platform. cge monetary reserve developing the community around cge allows diversify the added value brought the system. managing and establishing the cge the core software protocol will ensure that concierge.io always remains fair. thus, the payment structure for exchange monetary value for the service being provided can always remain efficient, complete real-time and professionally regulated. cge engine cge will operate autonomously and once the smart contract deployed will indisputably exist upon the blockchain. operations and construction the cge back-end will followed (this shows some, however, not limited to): booking placement booking confirmation policy check-in requirements upgrade possibilities deposit holding deposit withholding deposit release/refunding upon check-out dispute trigger dispute terms managing bookings optional history/reputation requirement for consumer payment processing user profiling user review (both consumer vendor) cge ledger cge purpose cge the intended token and payment method utilized the concierge.io platform. the platform will take fiat payments via visa/mastercard and potentially other forms cryptocurrency develop future. users utilizing cge will see considerably reduced cost transaction fees rather than using fiat other forms cryptocurrencies which incur different levels fees. ledger coverage the ledger will open source, free use, regulate and store all the transaction execution data via smart contract triggers. operations the decentralized cge ledger will followed (this shows some, however, not limited to): booking placement booking confirmation policy check-in requirements upgrade possibilities deposit holding deposit withholding deposit release/refunding upon check-out dispute trigger dispute terms optional history/reputation requirement for consumer user review (both consumer vendor) involvement concierge.io: developing the concept within the community build around concierge.io, cge aims the most commonly used payment method. the platform also facilitates the transaction from vendor consumers, showcasing the key benefits utilizing the blockchain. concierge global limited cge token value dependent the trade price, thus, ensuring fair discounts and bonuses are giving cge will monitored constantly. cge ledger concierge.io driver concierge.io intends integrate cge into the ecosystem, which all users will benefit significantly. the ecosystem largely driven the number vendors and availability within different regions areas where consumers are looking visit. due this concierge.io allows; featured advertisement listings will incentivised vendors case case basis. discount offerings passed onto consumers while using the cge token. (encouraging usage native cge token). consumers regularly utilizing cge the platform will eligible for upgraded account which more discounts will available. cge token sale overview token sale details: token background: https://token.concierge.io/ concierge.io travel booking marketplace for hotels, tours property exchanges. the tokens will utilized upon the platform; token holders will also receive benefits the future for holding the tokens. pre-sale start sold out token distribution event dates main-sale start march utc main-sale end april utc type offer: ico token ticker: cge total tokens quantity: tokens available sales: pre-sale: main-sale: accepted cryptocurrencies for event: neo any tokens not sold the token sales will destroyed. cge token sale main-sale bonuses hours hours hours bonus pre-sale sold out main-sale cge tokens price per token usd minimum hard cap: $,, maximum hard cap: $,, usd duration: weeks note: main-sale will last for the duration weeks, the hard cap reached under weeks the sale will end. cge token based the neo blockchain and the neo smart contract, neocontract. prices after pre-sale are subject change. (price volatility market cannot accounted for). cge token sale token distribution sold token sales community retained for team, advisors and supports. founders present team future hires advisors, community, including backers reserved for future development. will hold these tokens for future business development, r&d, fundraising and expansion into other markets and sectors. public distribution retained for team reserved for future development reserved for future development breakdown year million tokens: used for motivation developers within cge ecosystem. year million tokens: further platform development and employment hire. retained million tokens will retained contingency. cge token sale fund allocation application and web-platform development and technical developments business development and employment hire/wages worldwide integration the platform (inc. marketing) legal set aside case any legal issues that arise servers and administration development internal business integration legal servers admin decentralised app web platform system logistics for consumers: simple easy navigate mobile and web platform that allows easy browsing the specific location they are interested visiting. they can message the vendor with real-time instant messaging, upon deciding the service, they can use the purchase button begin the transaction. for vendors: offer easy use mobile and web platforms with simple add and editing ability upload themselves onto the concierge.io platform. will adding api's that allow the vendors one-click solution for transferring their current listings from other platforms. consumers, vendors investors will see the cge utility token increase value considerably once the platform becomes live. decentralized app web platform this visual image gives insigt into the current issue are trying address. the current situation followed: current situation the following visual our solution this issue: concierge.io solution concierge.io fixed booking fee from the visual examples above, highlight the issue the current system which concierge. aims completely disrupt and modernize. with this module, enables concierge.io offer lower costs, increased customer satisfaction and develops long-term data for the purpose analyze consumer trends. payment concierge.io operates simple payment system; the user can opt use the cge token and fiat currency via visa/master cards transactions payments. using fiat currency will, however, incur the going rate for that payment system fee the transaction. this enable non-crypto users able use the platform and still see considerable benefits comparison using already established platforms. decentralized app web platform below look the architecture behind the payment process when purchasing the platform. auth reads the login cge account from the cge cloud website requests auto auth server the server requests the owner the login cge account validate the request the mobile app signs the authentication challenge and returns the server user navigates website, inputs his her cge address email the user, owner the login cge account, receives the authentication request his her smartphone the user approves the request followed the architecture when the user purchases over the app. the user sends the transaction the cge network the authentication server receives confirmation the mapping between the user's address and the login address the user installs neon wallet and inputs the address sent the email the wallet website the wallet website prepares transaction establish the mapping between the user's cge address and his new login address, then signals neon the user can send this transaction the network. the authentication server notifies the mobile app the registration complete the mobile app generates new cge address for logins and sends all the info the the auth server the user receives email with his new cge login address user opens the mobile app and enters his email address and new unlock platform decentralized app web platform payment transaction process sale process overview sale agreed consumer makes fiat payment purchase cge tokens. cge tokens then used make the payment over blockchain. cge arrives vendors account converted into fiat when vendor chooses. the vendor would select change fiat automatically done through the concierge.io platform. sale process detailed sale agreed consumer uses fiat crypto (btc, neo, ltc) buy cge. buy order appears the system fulfilled the general market using api (some marketplaces this can done such hitbtc). the order not fulfilled within certain time period, concierge.io will fulfill the order. cge then sent the vendors account over the blockchain. vendor chooses when withdraw the cge and places sell order again automated api process. the order not fulfilled within certain time period, concierge.io will fulfill the order. decentralized app web platform these architecture images show the background the backend system, which goes during each transaction. the following images shows the simplicity the transaction for the user when utilizing the web platform. enter the details the sale tap "request payment" display the code the customer scans the code with their phone and taps pay confirm the transaction the vendor receives the payment and the booking completed. (when using the app, the authorization will done via the phone). mitigate the risks price fluctuations cge will equivalent fiat currencies that users exchange. the cge token will utilized means exchange the concierge ecosystem. user converts their fiat currencies into cge currency using dollars, for example, the amount cge the user receives will equivalent the significance the dollar the specific moment time. when booking, the current price that given time used the payment price. decentralized app web platform forwards currencies exchange market trade hours day, forward contract whereby parties agree trade asset later date, and price specified now. with this forward contract, user can negate the risk price fluctuations the cge ecosystem. wallet concierge.io wallet has interface that user-friendly and simple operate, running the web environment. will downloadable via the github. the wallet will follow that the neon wallet and have feature 'participate the token sale'. kyc will also come into play within this process wallet download. multi-signature accounts are best suited for accounts with numerous users like for corporations. it's safe because all involved parties are required sign before transactions are authenticated wallets will integrated into platform allowing ease transaction for all users. concierge ecosystem: wallet: exchange rates provided the concierge wallet will derived from finance meta-data distributors. however, debit cards users will able both online and walk-in merchant booking. there will need withdraw cash and deal with counting change after payment, making users' lives more convenient. platform coverage concierge.io platform that covers segments travel and tourism specifically hotel bookings, tour bookings and property exchanges. with possibility into other areas (see roadmap). users concierge.io will able reach the platform via our web platform, ios mobile application for iphone ipad and android mobiles and tablets. platform challenges and expansion concierge.io platform that covers segments travel and tourism specifically hotel bookings, tour bookings and property exchanges. users concierge.io will able reach the platform via our web platform, ios mobile app for iphone ipad and android mobiles and tablets. project dynamics system architecture system architecture the project dynamics and system design concierge.io consist layers: user layer both the app and web platform interface will work coherently. the app will for ios and android (smartphones and tablets). centralized frontend this allows the vendor edit their listings database. thus, reducing the high cost associated with keeping data the blockchain, concierge.io will keeping user listing content (content, pictures, and videos) the concierge servers. transactions are executed and completed via the blockchain smart contacts. decentralized backend open-source layer this will allow collective use for all. support all developers moving forward, who choose utilize our open source code. concierge.io will use neo blockchain allowing hold data bookings and settlement information while keeping secure, performed over the blockchain. (the payment rules for each booking). currently, leaders within the market have significantly good user experience, constantly optimized web and mobile platforms. users the platforms such booking.com and kayak have been wellinformed upon how make bookings and intend build upon this proven model. will utilise this user-friendly system that easily navigated foundation and innovate create the best platform available. project dynamics system architecture project dynamics will developing native applications for all ios and android devices, along with html web platform. serving the user-interface for the users (both consumer and vendor). communicating with both the centralised and decentralized backend concierge. the structure the architecture will allow easy add-on any new interfaces from emerging platforms such as; vr, information points. and utilising the neo blockchain the potential for development our own private blockchain governed the cge token. our cge's centralized backend based go/ nodejs /php /mysql server for its operations. the decentralized cge ledger based utilizing the power smart contracts the neo blockchain. cge platform will outstanding high-performance engine between traditional and emerging technology. technical implementation are using neocontracts build the cge token the public blockchain with pre-setup static nodes. smart contracts contain several smart contracts, including the main contract which serves the main entrance the system for users and reserve managers. user's wallet: app wallets utilize user-friendly interface support users. integration with existing wallet apps. reserve manager portal: aids the management the reserve displaying their performance, network stats, supporting different strategies and algorithms make prices/rebalance. operator dashboard: help operators manage the entire system. also expanding data analysis dashboard later date. concierge.io implemented nep- compatible token over the public neo blockchain and the natural fit for cge token. compatibility with the nep- standard leverages the strong existing infrastructure the neo ecosystem such development tools, wallets, and exchanges. the ability program trusted smart contracts over neo with turning complete language allows for robust and secure customisation the cryptocurrency the domain-specific requirements fully decentralized manner. considerations cge token currency that both digital and decentralized, cge token available the token distribution events. transactions become final and there double-spending. the more confirmations merchant can demand before considering the transactions settled, the less possibility hacker can attempt make the network orphan the newest block the blockchain. roadmap business platform development road map time period proposed movement founders concierge meet confirm ideas around decentralized travel platform. founders meet with developers and initiate the start the decentralized application and web platform build. token tested and ready for release. white paper has been completed, published and sent out specific investors, ready for marketing. whitepaper available english. sale website optimised web platform and application designed around user accessibility. concierge.io whitepaper release. pre-sale initiated and continuing the main-sale over -month period defining and initial development the back-end structure the concierge.io platform design and initial development front-end application and website platform. hire vital employees: blockchain developers front-end developers back-end developers sales and marketing employees ios and android developers web developers roadmap business platform development road map time period proposed movement listing cge token exchanges (approximately -month after mainsale concludes) integration platform line with blockchain including fiat and cryptocurrency payment methods. peer-to-peer chat option and amalgamation ai-based dispute system development beta testing release concierge.io beta application and web platform release hotel bookings the platform launch industry promotional activities developing partnership with key hotel and resort chains further development the platform and releasing concierge.io research expansion concierge.io into different regions after initially starting south-east asia and australia (regions will chosen based estimated speed adoption) partnerships with blockchain identity security platforms ensuring privacy with direct chats and within the payment system release tour bookings the platform press release around the tour options and reach out key tour providers release the concierge.io platform now offer tour bookings roadmap business platform development road map time period proposed movement partnerships with universities and other educational institutions upholding youth development forms internships with yearly positions available within concierge.io release property exchanges onto the platform press release around the property exchanges release the concierge.io platform updated now offering property exchanges advancement into other regions such europe, north and south america research into other areas travel which concierge.io could bring benefit analysis and research areas travel available the concierge.io platform. (such as; taxi bookings, rent-a-car, boating charters) develop augmented reality (ar) and virtual reality (vr) into the system for browsing purposes consumers launch multiple areas within travel (such as; taxi bookings, rent-a-car, boating charters) market analysis will justify which area enter into what region first. note: concierge.io roadmap subject change due market fluctuations, competition, and user adoption. the roadmap summaries the key framework operations and the direction which the company directs itself. concierge.io will also strive bring safe secure and transparent platform the travel industry. team core team founder and ceo numerous business travel such as; club class holidays thailand operating over thailand, bali, and singapore, luxury travel agent vietnam and yogull. also partner both walkers whisky and resort vacations. adam has very strong background high level business movements and development following successful career royal marine. adam chaplin ceo founder having invested into cryptocurrency and seeing its potential, then became involved with blockchain talks all over south-east asia, presenting his knowledge and its ability like-minded individuals. previously working with prominent crypto coin, endorsing their cryptocurrency across vietnam, operating their digital marketing. with diversity and proven skills management, sales, cryptocurrency, digital marketing, business development and web- development. steve marketing guru and serial entrepreneur. has founded and directed multiple holidays property sales businesses from the ground up. steve hipwell cmo founder steve has been involved bitcoin and cryptocurrency since the early days and this led him become involved marketing and development role with the start-up another prominent crypto coin that soon released all platforms. his experience and understanding blockchain technology and the cryptocurrency space hard match. earlier return the steve set successful online lead generation business. after meeting his vietnamese wife, moved vietnam become key sales and marketing advisor for now multi-million dollar travel and cruise operator. proven skills marketing, digital marketing, web development and extensive experience the travel sector led him concierge.io team core team paul has over years experience working with new, emerging and existing technologies. has passion for technology and natural ability innovate, developing new and existing systems enhance and support the expansion startups and fast-growing businesses. experienced and versatile cto with sales skills and proven record success within highly competitive, leading edge, financial, bb/ commercial market sectors. results orientated and profit-focused with wealth experience designing, developing and implementing systems networks. paul spallini cto co-founder strong leadership, strategic marketing and technical development experience are just some the assets brings the concierge team. matthew has had distinguishing career entrepreneur the construction, real estate, security and venture capital space based san francisco and globally. career highlights: founded hedge fund chicago under the partnership series and licensed traders who started the first exchanged traded, snowfall derivative the cme. matthew lopez cio, cfo co-founder experienced managing director with demonstrated history working the investment management industry. skilled marketing management, outcome measures, operations management, outcome focused, and physical security. team core team nguyen cong nguyen van blockchain developer technical project leader slava korobeynikov dung anh trieu blockchain product manager certified blockchain expert team core team dominic tunstall tony bui creative designer technical liason team advisors anders has played role changing the world once with technology, now used nearly every person the planet. passionate about doing the same within crypto. anders has worked for two decades create the emerging technologies and iot different countries for ericsson group (nasdaq: eric). today, there are billion mobile broadband and billion mobile subscriptions total, exceeding the world population. anders larsson senior blockchain advisor anders has held various cto roles and the role vice president and head practice for mobile broadband southeast asia oceania with billion dollar yearly sales responsibility. also holds patents. since years old, anders has loved code. now passionate about bringing crypto same scale telecom. anders swedish, has beautiful wife and three young children. when joakim completed the delivery team member strong project, gave t-shirt each the team members that said: "everything possible". this joakim. that project was the major delivery at&t california and the big one for ericsson group (nasdaq: eric) that year, delivered time, which everyone stated was impossible. joakim holmer senior technical advisor joakim holmer joined the ericsson group right after school and was his passion for communication and travel that made ericsson easy choice. the initial years mobile comms software engineer were followed years various technical leadership positions around the world. later joakim has also worked with software system sales. with the hunger develop that included everything from mobile app start-ups redhat, sap and cisco. together with anders larsson has started the next big venture. let's see where concierge. will take him next! team advisors continuously creating something industries that are continuously re-creating themselves. aim permanently love what do. specialties: blockchain and digital asset industry, networking, new bussiness development, rnd, marketing. previously co-founded biotech company. invented, designed and patented novel medical devices technology. project director/managed secure card payment switch technology for neo africa. sarah kozlowski blockchain business development advisor areer highlights: multiple funding exits and start consultancy projects that have led large exposure the industry. team cge angels nguen hong dai indi nainggolan vice-president the tourism association vietnam. angel investor and indonesian hotel business liason. president the hanoi tourism club ceo apt travel asia. partner/owner pt. indi mandiri villa management/ investment. simon stevens debbie ward angel investor and south east asian business advisor. angel investor and united kingdom business advisor. ceo resort vacations vietnam ceo classic escapes vietnam. ceo premier caravans limited holiday home park owner. risk factors the following are the risk factors relation concierge.io business operations and specifically the ico stage concierge.io may not reach the target asked for within the crowdfunding stage execute the business plan but will always develop the app anyway. the cge token may significantly influenced digital currency market trends may significantly influence the cge token and cge's value may severely depreciate due non-cge related events within the cryptocurrency world any token offering. concierge.io complex software platform and the official launch could postponed due unpredicted development barriers all new software has some form bugs. competition could possibly mimic concierge.io movements causing loss market share. however, our connections within the travel industry will enable build strong foundation giving head start. cryptocurrency extremely volatile and cge tokens could potentially suffer due this. the plans outlined this white paper may altered the project progresses, taking into consideration each variable the given point time. regulatory strategy cross-border payment via the blockchain may subject regulatory scrutiny certain areas the future. the blockchain develops and the decentralized system becomes more widely used anticipate that governments may implement certain strategies regulate those utilizing cryptography this will only make concierge.io even stronger the world stage. within decentralized applications, not one entity has control over the infrastructure required for its operation. this allows separate the infrastructure from the app content, our case the travel sector. the resulting structure has the advantage modular isolation: separate functions the system can operate isolation from one and other emphasizing the ability the vendor will have part the development the application. modular isolation advantage when companies individuals come regulatory compliance: each only needs comply with the regulation within its limited field, therefore lowering the cost creating the required specification and making easier for new businesses start and young businesses develop. faq why concierge? simple, concierge means 'someone's job help you' and this exactly what are here do. why the travel and tourism sector? our founders have operated within the travel tourism sector for the past years and have many connections with hotels, resort groups, tour and trip operators. facilitate the connection between consumer and vendor: concierge.io brings together both the consumer and vendor allowing direct communication. our focus here bring transparency travel and allow vendors honest and liable standards aren't described. support the blockchain community: believe the power the blockchain and will use cge tokens where possible and minimal fiat currency's when making our ideas reality. are transparent: concierge.io open source: are responsible: offer the highest level innovation within our work: funds will escrowed and our books will audited accordingly. believe creating better tomorrow, therefore, sharing our work with the world essential for future development. our passion what change can make the world, therefore, are limiting our personal gains. are devoted bringing the general public platform trust, honesty, and fairness. our team comes from diverse background giving the advantage develop system that will disrupt the global market. references world travel and tourism council https://www.wttc.org holiday habit report https://abta.com/assets/uploads/general/_holiday_habits_ report.pdf neo ethereum https://coinsutra.com/neo-vs-ethereum-differences/ wttc-travel tourism economic impact expedia, priceline, tripadvisor form https://www.wttc.org concierge.io https://concierge.io disclaimer disclaimer this white paper does not constitute offer solicitation sell securities shares and for informational purposes only. the cge token considered utility tool built within blockchain technology. the concierge token (cge) offering does not represent stock sale securities; the concierge token does not grant equity voting rights; the concierge token does not grant ownership rights directly indirectly the concierge company, it's physical, virtual intellectual properties; the concierge token does not grant debt security and not instrument debt; the concierge token does not pay interest payment token holders. any future offers become active they will made through confidential and appropriate channels and follow all necessary legal requirements. compliance with recent sec announcements, concierge will not market accept contributions from any citizens residents. compliance with china securities and regulatory commission (csrc) and the people's bank china (pboc) regulations, concierge will not market accept contributions from any citizens residents the people's republic china (prc). compliance with the monetary authority singapore, concierge will not market accept contributions from any citizens residents singapore. notice citizens and residents the united states america; this website and the offering memorandum has not been filed with the securities and exchange commission (sec) part registration statement. accordingly, this website and the offering memorandum and any other documents materials relating the offer sale, invitation for subscription purchase the cge tokens may not circulated distributed, nor may the cge tokens offered sold, made the subject invitation for subscription purchase, whether directly indirectly, persons the united states america. for residents and citizens the people's republic china (which, for the purposes this document and offering memorandum, does not include hong kong, macau, and taiwan): cge tokens may not marketed, offered sold directly indirectly the public china and neither this document nor the offering memorandum, which has not been submitted the chinese securities and regulatory commission, nor any offering material information contained herein relating cge tokens, may supplied the public china used connection with any offer for the subscription sale cge tokens the public china. the information contained this website and the offering memorandum will not constitute offer sell invitation, advertisement solicitation offer buy any cge tokens within the prc. notice prospective subscribers singapore; this website and the offering memorandum has not been registered prospectus with the monetary authority singapore under the securities and futures act (sfa) (chapter accordingly, this website and the offering memorandum and any other documents materials relating the offer sale, invitation for subscription purchase the cge tokens may not circulated distributed, nor may the cge tokens offered sold, made the subject invitation for subscription purchase, whether directly indirectly, persons singapore.