condominium abstract introduce new currency that based proof stake protocol and reward generousely the master-nodes who are the guarantors our network. our currency will enable the users book any travel service such booking hostels, walk the mountain, renting car ski-equipment with maximum guarantee for their privacy. are committed the principles that form the backbone the cryptocurrency technology, which our view offers good alternative the current financial and monetary system, which dominated too big fail giant. the future, want make our currency, your vacation currency that will accompany you your next vacation destination everywhere around the globe. what are offering context citizens around the globe have had enough the current financial system that dominated reckless too big fail entities that have repeatedly wiped out our wealth and brought our economic system the brink total collapse. the other hand, internet that promised strengthen democracy and shift the power from the big men the people has alas become hostage for big internet companies that reap profits gaining the monopoly over the access our data. those big tech companies are indeed real threat our privacy. your data considered commodity the eyes tech giants who reap piles money from it. think about where you visited today yesterday, what you have liked the facebook page your friend, which restaurant you have been the last week and where you heading for the next holiday. that all information being collected and accessed the big companies. indeed are living orwellian era where one can hide from the big brother. that inconvenient truth. condominium this context cryptocurrency and the technology that underpins are just the backlash against that abuse the modern technology. this technology still its infancy phase but the infant growing fast. believe the promising salvation the blockchain technology, that why are dedicated partake the development this technology. with condominium, are doing our bit that development. offer cryptocurrency that can your friend during your next vacation destination. digital currency that you can use book any travel service without caring about your data being leaked aggressive data predators who chase you step step your next vacation destination. with our new currency, you will sleep better your favorite hostel after having surfing the ocean without caring about your data. with the invention cryptocurrency, revolutionary backlash underway against all that unfair system. not only the digital currency that called cryptocurrency, but rather the technology that underpins that promises revolutionize finance and privacy. with our project, condominium, are happy our bit this revolution. offer our users not only currency, but currency that also protect your privacy. condominium mean payment that modeled upon the foundation the blockchain technology that help you reserve hostels around the world with ultimate protection your privacy. think about when you visit. our philosophy believe human progress and the fact that technology can improve people's life and help them attain higher degree happiness thru their lives. technology has helped human beings lot. think about the medical technology that helps live healthier and longer. however, technology has been taken hostage big monopolists and crony governments. the other hand, the money and financial markets that were meant facilitate our economic affairs have turned perverse course. instead serving our economies, they become rather impediment for our welfare. our view, the too much power concentration that brought about this breach our welfare and privacy. therefore believe that the solution for this malaise, decentralize power. blockchain technology therefore very much promising this context. the cryptocurrency promises counter the monopolistic power the central banking and their affiliated networks too big fail banks. the other hand, the blockchain technology that underpins can applied multiple domains the network, which will help protect our privacy from the data predators. are therefore committed partake this revolution with strong belief power decentralization and the human right privacy. take the oath committed these ideals and principles. decentralization and data protection are not the only reason that choose for proof stake rather than proof work system, but that because our belief the fact that technological progress must also environmentally friendly. technology and business must the service human happiness and not the contrary. therefore opt for environmentally friendly technology that form the backbone our product. why invest condominium proof work versus proof stake and master-nodes the invention cryptocurrency that began with bitcoin was indeed game changer for privacy and the future money. however, the proof work system diverted from the very philosophy that stood behind cryptocurrency, namely, decentralizing the power over issuing the money. and also considered unfair enriches those who are already rich. pow requires computing powers which needs investing hard power, rewards those with means reap the rewards for mining. thae computing hardware that needed the mining work the other hand proved consume tremendous amount energy which results environmental degradation. does not stop there. the need increase the computing capacity pushed the miners collude called "miners pools". the miners-pools threaten centralize the power the hands few pools that can the future derail the cryptocurrency project. imagine mining pool gets own the mining activity certain coin. happily there alternative, third way. the new protocol proof stake (pos), despite some imperfections, promises solve many problems. the only hurdle for pos the stubborn unfairness that persists with rewarding. the validators with the bigger stakes are the ones who get rewarded more. this matheus-effect indeed stubborn but still according some research, pos much fairer than pow. the big investments hardware get the edge with computing power over others reap profits, seems costlier investment and the same token rewards those who have more have-nots. the other hand, the fact that pos doesn't need big hardwares, there will also less energy squandering and hence there will extremely much more less environmental degradation. instead miners, master-nodes, which are computers with specific computing requirements, only need run that indeed good solution and one the big reasons that this system has gained our preference condominium community. care about the environment. nonetheless, the fact that there will less need for big hardware and computing power, pos gives one more benefit: will protect the network centralized and owned few. furthermore, master-nodes offer also some extra benefits: instantsend the transaction occur instantly, unlike other currencies running pow. private send masternodes guarantee total privacy. the transactions are anonymous. more decentralization has been already emphasized, masternodes promises more decentralization contrary pow and mining, which are more and more becoming dominated big miners team pools maximize their profits. masternodes and return investment course bet your consciousness but you might ask "ok, what will get?", care about that all and understand that people react incentives. use the master-nodes, first need people who are dedicated run the them seamlessly and that the reason why offer decent and competitive high return investment for running the master-nodes--check below for our reward-scheme. inflation targeting like any other currency, cryptocurrencies tend inflate. mainstream currency, when the supply money increases more than the demand, the extra increase results inflation. inflation means that every coin now can buy less. the monetary authority, the central bank therefore, wants curb inflation, will need shrink the supply money hoover the existing noted the market. remember: curbing inflation depends the decision the central bank. with condominium, this inflation targeting done automatically without central authority but admit not perfect. the mechanism that use here, automatically increase stake requirements, other words, master-nodes will have increase their collateral coin collateral over time with the aim avoiding over-issuance the digital currency. holiday plans, need save money? plan your next holiday somewhere next year, you will need save some money therefore. why not save condominium. bet constant appreciation, will mean that your vacation budget will attained with less saving. happened that you needed cancel your vacation, you have still made losses. you sell your holiday plans someone else, you could obtain more than what you have saved. condominium specifications coin maturity: maturity: address letter: defaultport: rpcport: algo: xevan pow spacing: pos spacing: premine: cdm condominium reward premine usage uses fund roadmap summary and future plans with condominum, are not only offering currency, but also mean book complete travel package for your next vacation destination. like that, offer our users ultimate guarantee over their privacy. use proof stake rather than proof work, are committed the principles decentralization, democracy, privacy and care for environment. these principles where the rationale behind our choice for proof stake protocol. also realize that master-nodes are big importance our currency, therefore reward them generously. the future, will committed our belief and principles and will dedicated relentlessly improve our product making priority that you will able use pay every single hostel around the globe.