whitepaper updated september all rights reserved asia focus group pte ltd. not intended for commercial distribution disclaimer important notice csm tokens are not securities, collective investment schemes units, business trusts defined under singapore's securities and futures act (cap ("sfa"). the offer these tokens are therefore not regulated the sfa. there requirement for the offer the csm tokens accompanied any prospectus. nor there any requirement for any prospectus lodged with the monetary authority singapore ("mas"). regulatory authority has reviewed any information this whitepaper. [as matter prudence, the mas has been notified this csm token generation exercise and our analysis that the tokens are not regulated under the sfa.] the whitepaper, any part thereof, may not distributed any jurisdiction where the contents this whitepaper regulated prohibited. representation warranties asia focus group pte ltd does not make purport make any representation warranty undertaking this whitepaper connection the csm initial token sales, any person, including any representation, warranty undertaking relating the truth, completeness, and accuracy the information this whitepaper. you represent and warrant that: you agree that csm tokens are not securities, collective investment schemes business trusts under singapore's securities and futures act, and that these are not securities similar instruments any other jurisdiction; you agree furnish personal information and documents which may requested asia focus group pte ltd for the purposes conducting customer due diligence, and that any information furnished yourself true and accurate, and that you have not withheld any material information; you, your associates, your businesses enterprises (in which you are the beneficial owner) family members are not any sanctions terrorist lists issued the united nations, any other jurisdictions; you, your associates, your businesses enterprises (in which you are the beneficial owner) family members have not committed any previous criminal offences, and that you have not used any proceeds crimes tax offences (whether belonging you otherwise, and whether directly otherwise) purchase csm tokens. you understand consentium not providing you with any investment financial advice, and that you are acting out your own volition and have sought your independent financial advice where appropriate; you understand fully the investment risks involved relating investing cryptocurrencies generally, and relation csm tokens specifically, and accept all investment risks (including the possibility losing part the whole your investments); and you are not citizen, resident (tax otherwise) green card holder the united states america. table contents disclaimer important notice introduction executive summary multi-featured chat -to- chats group chats channels multi-currency wallet send csm, btc, eth receive csm, btc, eth transaction tracker csm tokens the chat community monetization ("ccm") model how the ccm works points and rewards system conversion rewards csm tokens other monetization options vip groups future feature premium user-generated content advertisement content bot monetization sticker market gamification aspect benefits monetization community building consentium token generation exercise ("tge") tge details tge update product roadmap and use funds introduction chat applications are amongst the most downloaded applications the ios and android app stores today. they fit today's people's demanding schedule and near-instant demands for communications (particularly the millennial and younger generations). chat applications are primarily developed for smartphones and are used today myriad ways from social messaging heavy workflow usage. there are more than popular chat applications today with diverse sets capabilities and technical specifications worldwide. currently available chat apps the app stores have built extensive user bases and have fulfilled specific demands usage, but still lack the ability monetize the downloads, use cases, even allow users monetize their contributions. the only revenue model that remains widespread today through in-app purchases stickers (or similar), which doesn't grow potential over time. the purchase stickers does not incentivize the creation and engagement communities, which the key factor the chats existence over time. conclusion, there not sustainable in-app model that incentivizes users with monetary benefits use the chat application more build communities scale, form businesses through the app, etc. parallel, large communities crypto experts are forming groups other chat applications, like telegram. these groups interact frequently within one app, then use another wallet send and receive digital currencies, and then use the chat applications again confirm transactions. there market opportunity integrate these needs and reward users for their engagement create more stickiness. executive summary consentium the first multi-featured chat application and multi-digital-currency (consumer-to-consumer) wallet application that rewards its users through its proprietary chat community monetization ("ccm") model. the bedrock consentium ccm engine lies its transactional fee redistribution program incentive create and cultivate strong in-app communities and/or send and receive transactions. chat application, consentium incorporates: high-level chat encryption via the sha- hash algorithm low transaction fees and secure digital cryptocurrency transfers conversion from fiat btc/eth/csm and vice-versa multi cryptocurrency wallet chat community monetization (ccm) model automated engine the vision consentium transcend simplistic chat applications and develop sustainable future-proof application that can serve host core groups, businesses and propagate real-world communities becoming the go-to community building platform. multi-featured chat the multi-featured chat allows for -to- chats, groups and channels, all with enhanced privacy settings. this empowers users communicate and build their communities through their prefered methods. -to- chats individual users can create, share and produce unique content via -to- chats with other users. group chats entrepreneurs, content creators, and tech-savvy super users can leverage and monetize the chat platform more effectively reaching out bigger communities and influencers. channels individual users and influencer groups can create, share, and actively promote content build different interest channels for both personal and business use. the following are the specific differences the settings that each feature will have. multi-currency wallet consentium offers its users smart, highly encrypted and simple wallet, that allows them quickly and easily make multiple digital transfers. consentium supports csm, btc, and eth, and will also allow for fiat conversion digital currencies. part the vision, consentium will also allow for payments e-commerce establishments, similar what wechat pay offers. send csm, btc, eth send csm, btc, eth users can scan any code associated wallet address enter/paste wallet address. the user has account the consentium app, easy just find the person using the username option. once the tokens are sent, the user will receive notification via the chat option. every transaction must confirmed with secure transaction pin. receive csm, btc, eth receive csm, btc eth, users will need copy and send their specific wallet address, simply generate the code scanned. transaction tracker the consentium app will allow users track their transactions from beginning end following all the verification steps. users will also able search past transfers date, amount, user, specific digital currency. consentium tokens consentium tokens are based the ethereum platform. ethereum the world's largest, leading smart contract blockchain. ethereum was specifically chosen offers efficient balance speed and token liquidity. currently, the currency for processing the ethereum known ether. one can buy and sell ether token exchanges major fiat currencies. payment channels although tokens can move from user user (and also from user smart contract), each one these transfers (called "transactions") require that the global ethereum ledger updated. transaction requires the requester pay ether the node making the ledger update. before seeing the updated token balances, all users must wait for the next ledger update, which takes about seconds ethereum. with the issuance consentium coins ('csm'), create users-as-stakeholders network, allowing the behavior the network and its software, become aligned with the interests its users. the context ethereum, smart contracts colloquially referred "tokens" include minimum set functionality defined community standard called erc-. this standard exists ensure all tokens have the same minimal functionality (e.g. ability transferred) and facilitates token interoperability. believe that crypto economic systems will have even stronger pull than the social ones. our survival instincts, which heavily influence our economic interests, are stronger than purely social ones, thus leading faster adoption ethereum and tokens technologies. the chat community monetization ("ccm") model consentium offers fair redistribution system through its chat community monetization ("ccm") model. the ccm serves innovative way automate and incentivize users send transactions and/or build in-app communities. the system offers opportunity get rewards even basic levels engagement but, course, group creators and influencers will get the highest rewards. this model currently not offered other apps, consentium will have the opportunity create switching barrier. with consentium users will get rewarded for the behavior they would conducting other platforms regardless. finally, accumulating csm tokens, users will prefer continue using the application for its wallet chat versus switching another application. how the ccm works all transfers cryptocurrencies between users consentium will charged network usage nominal fee presented below. specific fees may vary from time time depending the platform's volume and will communicated accordingly. internal transfers (consentium user another consentium user) external transfers fiat digital currencies all transactional fees will enter and escrowed the distribution pool via cold offline wallet. the process transfer (-way) and storage through secure encrypted environment every step and juncture. from the distribution pool, monthly basis dictated the company from time time, funds will redistributed consentium users based the monthly's set criteria. points and rewards system consentium uses reward system based transactional levels through the wallet and engagement within groups. these community formative requirements supports and incentivizes trusted environment relevant communities, well increases the amount transactions taking place within the platform. every month, users achieve user level and based that level they are granted specific number points (as shown the table below). users only need meet criteria assigned that specific level. the levels are designed reward users based the two valuable in-app behaviors: (a) transactions, and (b) group creation and engagement. conversion rewards csm tokens users will accumulate the monthly value usd their accounts. any time (or soon they reach the equivalent value the lowest possible csm denomination) they can convert their available value into csm tokens. other monetization options vip groups future feature consentium allows users access any public group focused topics their choice. the initiating user has the ability moderate the discussion and set forth rules that govern the group. "vip groups" possible feature that allows "influencer" users create premium, exclusive groups that require paid entrance fee. celebrities and thought leaders could use this feature platform for engaging their communities, while generating tangible value for their time and attention. premium user-generated content allowing anyone create content and earn consentium tokens, consentium expects encourage more users participate and contribute content. this open marketplace content offering will incentivize competition for higher-quality content and ultimately create better community. "hidden" content feature can also allow creators earn csm tokens sharing audio, video, and pictures that are hidden until other users pay unlock them. advertisement content once large community built, consentium can also engage myriad advertising opportunities focused strategic partnerships. want keep our community focused easy interactions and transactions without distractions, will avoid spammy ads. instead, will only allow value-driving partnerships advertise within channels. the use the csm token commercial establishments grows, will also promote such use cases. bot monetization much like telegram, bots will able created the consentium messenger platform perform services, order food for delivery, operate games that offer in-game purchases such creative assets, gameplays, other media. sticker market stickers offer fun way for consentium users visually interact with their friends and family, and have been shown increase engagement levels within messaging apps, particularly among millennials. for example, the messaging app line derives about quarter its annual revenue from sticker sales, about usd (line corporation ipo filing). gamification aspect further encourage community participation beyond transactions, aspects the chat-app could gamified allow for the user adopt different visuals within the app based the number lines chat the number chats initiated the last days. benefits monetization community building incentive for users build 'ultra groups', which are groups excess users. many chat applications lack the ability scale beyond critical mass users due the absence community tool. some apps even limit the amount users within their groups. consentium seeks address this allowing the creators communities generate revenue proportionate the size and quality their groups, thereby providing the catalyst achieve user base critical mass short timeframe. entire businesses can run and communicate with their audiences via the chat application. incentivizing creators community groups, new breed entrepreneurs will emerge that will utilise the chat application means build their customer base for their businesses (secondary business use-case) directly monetize community business (primary business use-case). having incentivization model that enables businesses multiply the platform rapidly, consentium will develop into business ecosystem, consisting brands, products and services. this important development and can potentially place consentium the top few platforms grow businesses. consentium can the go-to chat application for cryptocurrency communities. cryptocurrency communities are tight-knit and some have grown massive amount users beyond the typical chat applications for these communities are telegram, slack discord, none which offer revenue stream the creators developers. virtue being chat application which facilities cryptocurrency transfers between users, highly relevant for consentium the premier community app for all cryptocurrencies. even current cryptocurrency-based chat applications not offer push for monetization model for their own communities. consentium can quickly attract creators communities the cryptocurrency space naturally incentivizing them their digital currency denomination for the groups that they are carefully cultivating and growing. capturing large market share cryptocurrency communities, consentium will develop into one the most important crypto-based apps euphoric market- such coinmarketcap.com, which has already surpassed the digital wall street journal visits. network effects can propagated via tiered reward approach community creators. vital component for app reach critical mass quickly exploit the benefits network effects. consentium token generation exercise ("tge") token generation exercise new, unique way sell tokens initial purchasers the blockchain. instance which new blockchain venture sells some its tokens early purchasers, providing them early access the features, consentium's case, the ability directly spend their tokens the consentium chat monetization app. these purchasers are highly incentivised and aligned purchasing the initial tokens, which will turn fuel the consentium network they will help get the word out and raise awareness the broader community. tge details token name: onsentium tokens (ticker: csm), built erc token standards token supply: million circulation, million for sale smallest unit: decimal places currencies accepted: and usd token price the sale accepted contributions ethereum and usd fixed token price us$ csm. for ethereum contributions, the amount tokens received investors was determined the usd eth rate hrs (gmt daily during the sale period https://coinmarketcap.com/. pre sale date april hrs gmt april hrs gmt+) pre sale incentive: public sale date: april hrs gmt april hrs gmt+) sale completion date: april hrs gmt upon reaching the hard cap. soft cap: us$ million. the soft cap was attained the sale completion date, all proceeds raised will refunded investors later date. hard cap: all tokens were sold, the tokens held founders and private sale investors have been subjected lock period over months. tge update the tge milestones were completed may the csm tokens are currently listed hitbtc, with more exchanges being onboarded soon. product roadmap and use funds the following the updated product roadmap for consentium, including monthly releases for and quarterly milestones for the funds raised through the tge process will used cover the technical and operational costs associated going live with the mobile applications, well subsequent marketing efforts foster product adoption. app development (%) addition finishing the development the mobile apps, top security protocols, and implementation admin dashboard, the user experience will continually improved based user feedback and data analytics. operations security (%) proceeds will used ensure smooth day-to-day operations the user base and transactions scale. are building world-class monitoring system and team, well training agents offer superior customer service. lastly, our operations team will also ensure that the csm tokens become available additional listings. talent acquisition (%) grow our want ensure that maintain high performing teams, especially critical functions such finance, marketing, operations, and tech. marketing and collaboration with businesses (%) although believe the power word-of-mouth, will initially engage marketing efforts accelerate the growth the user base and foster network efforts. this includes digital marketing efforts, content publication, partnerships, influencers, and building robust social presence.