consensus decentralized for collective governance crowdsale whitepaper, table contents executive summary future governance landscape economy and governments general perspective moving decentralized economy electronic citizenship and identification estonian e-residency cryptocurrencies technology general background blockchains: bitcoin ethereum smart contracts consensus vision the future governance sentient network network overview sen coin assembly electronic identities smart contracts signed with eids. decentralized machine learning the blockchain, federated learning data privacy using homomorphic encryption assembly protection service synaptic core process overview research platform datascope governance modules public opinion gathering module budgeting module legislation module external data module consensus advisor development platform, dapps open legislation open tender open budget social proposals and crowdfunding roadmap implementation timeline consensus pilot consensus foundation objectives consensus launch partners team advisors appendix consensus governance principles legal disclaimer executive summary introduction the main challenges our society faces today are, fundamentally, due our inability see the big picture. the world too complex and the problems are too large for any individual, company government comprehend and address. construct effective solutions the problems hand need see the interconnectedness and interdependence all phenomena need understand the full picture, the connection between entities, causality, influence factors etc. and make decisions accordingly. accomplish this, vast amounts data need collected and processed model the desired positive outcomes. the governance systems currently use may longer adequate for the evolving societal and environmental complexity and may pose serious limitations the near future-- will need new systems, able govern based the interconnectedness factors, able collect and process very large amounts input and provide access the resulting conclusions for the complete information dissemination and acceptance. the goal consensus foundation ("consensus") create and evolve this system. mission the mission consensus achieve collective governance based interdependence using advanced technologies. abstract consensus the open-sourced, decentralized artificial intelligence platform, powered native cryptocurrency and built with the vision improve the governance mechanisms all levels organizational structures: community, startup, ngo, enterprise, city, county the entire country. once fully realized, consensus will able offer automated, data-driven solutions the most complex problems our collective co-existence modelling the potential outcomes proposed changes. its basis, will contain set principles, which will guide its development and evolution. this paper discusses the approach, methodology, the network model, its governance and and the underlying design principles, technology requirements, product roadmap and adoption strategy. product direction the initial stage the project the consensus foundation team will build and launch the sentient network, distributed ledger system powered its own currency, sen (denoted sen), smart contracts and the implementation trusted nodes. the two main features the sentient network are trusted nodes, verified with electronic national ids, which allows for extended capabilities the network, creation governance applications and faster adoption the public sector legitimate platform for data collection and decision making our citizens are going digital and global. the state doesn't keep will become obsolete, http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/ ///citizens-going-digital-global-state-doesnt-keep-will-become processes, and ii) decentralized machine learning, which, the long term enables the creation artificial intelligent system that resides the network, allowing for faster, more accurate and distributed data analysis. sentient network further improves the innovation bitcoin and ethereum and introduces distributed machine learning the blockchain. next, will facilitate the adoption the network public and private entities interested performing various public research startups, individual researchers, communities, enterprise etc. following that, will begin building the consensus advisor enable extended research being done using the sentient network. these steps will serve the basis for the consensus ecosystem, and once this groundwork complete, will move into the collaboration with the government entities help them execute specific research and modelling projects. subsequently, consensus foundation plans launch number applications built the sentient network such the open tender and social projects funding platforms, initially servicing the smaller communities and gradually expanding the adoption. starting with relatively simple types social projects plan cover, gradually, most the governmental interactions within country and offer advanced modelling capabilities enhance the decision-making process. this initial work will developed collaboration with the estonian e-residency team and will launch within estonian e-residents community pilot version. the long term goal, inspired the concepts crowdfunding and swarm intelligence decision making, build and deploy globally the decentralized network that will used govern societies. consensus will provide, first small communities and organizations and later, municipal and federal governments, with the ability transparently propose, evaluate and finance various public projects; and community members with the opportunities for collective selection and funding mechanisms the proposed initiatives. future governance landscape economy and governments general perspective believe that with the introduction and the evolution both state-issued electronic identities and cryptography-based currencies, governments the near future will have adopt new ways interacting with their citizens, including policy feedback gathering and processing, collection taxes and distribution services, proposition and evaluation various environmental solutions, interstate relationships, internal matters and many others. consensus foundation aims build new systems that will required address these upcoming challenges and achieve effective collective governance based the interdependence and the interconnectedness issues. foresee that short number years countries with the progressive outlook will issue electronic identities their citizens and launch their own cryptocurrencies and allow citizens use them pay for goods and services. estonia, being forerunner the digital society the future, already exploring the idea the national cryptocurrency estcoin, and considering funding its development with public coin offering. the electronic ids have been use estonia for over years already, and are used access the government services and variety private companies services (banking, telecom, etc.) the country. already observe number other countries discussing developing similar strategies. additionally, the emergence artificial intelligence and the automation all human work that could automated will significantly transform major aspects daily lives, including governance. the next decade, see these trends converge, and are actively building what will become the fabric the future digital world. also, the next generation, generation born between and account for more than quarter the world's population. these people are now entering the workforce and becoming taxpayers. according gartner analysis, they are less inclined trust companies and brands, they expect heard and involved, and often seek out employers and brands that offer authentic and transparent experiences. the generation before them, the millennials generation not different these respects. born between and they account for another quarter the global population. like generation they also increasingly expect their governments offer authentic transparent experiences, and treat them valued customers. moving decentralized economy decentralized services that run blockchain technology are their dawn the moment, however they are rapidly penetrating every global industry from financial operations and asset management cloud computing and hosting. predict that relatively short timeframe most intermediaries, like brokers, bankers, hosting providers etc. will supplemented outright replaced the autonomous platforms decentralized networks running smart contracts and paid cryptocurrency. the contemporary government bodies, their current state, may not prepared equipped manage this kind shift effectively, and will actively seek new solutions once the imminence these shifts becomes undeniable. consensus foundation aims provide these solutions. electronic citizenship and identification the world becoming more interconnected, starting move rapidly towards single market and global citizenship. personal identities are becoming less tied any particular location, leading far-reaching implications for governments, corporations and societies. with these shifts perspective, soon the traditional notions citizenship, residency, work, taxation, government services will start break down. bbc world services poll, conducted indicated that nearly half (%) people surveyed across tracking countries see themselves more global citizens than citizens their country and this trend continues rise. according the global national eid industry forecasts, there will mln eid cards issued, which will replace traditional national ids. additionally, the united nations plans provide legal identity for everyone globally, including birth registration, part the sustainable development goal estonian e-residency republic estonia, the first and the most advanced digital society the world, has run the country electronically over the past years. there are number building blocks the digital nation estonia, including secure national with the strong digital signature protected pin codes, blockchain-based government infrastructure that provides security and scalability the operations and numerous government services built top from e-voting population registry, e-health records, automated electronic taxation, electronic business registration and management and many more. this investment into the development the digital society the early has greatly paid off currently the republic estonia estimates saving over its gdp relying the electronic government systems instead traditional offices, which still exist the country, but serve backup, fallback solution rather than primary one. the end extension the government digital services estonia, the country pioneered the concept e-residency, digital similar the one estonian nationals used for years, issued the state and available virtually everyone the world anyone can global citizenship growing sentiment among citizens emerging economies: global poll, https://www.globescan.com/images/ images/pressreleases/bbc-identity/bbc_globescan_identity_season_press_release_april%.pdf the global national eid industry report: edition sustainable development goal https://sustainabledevelopment.un.org/sdg concerned about brexit? why not become e-resident estonia, http://www.wired.co.uk/article/estonia-e-resident building blocks e-estonia, https://e-estonia.com/solutions/ republic estonia e-residency join the new digital nation, https://e-resident.gov.ee apply online, pay state fee, get the card issued and pick estonia one the embassies around the world. has been transformational for the country, with over people applying obtain e-residency since the start the program. currently these eresidents can register company estonia, conduct global business, access banking solutions, pay taxes all entirely online, without leaving their home country. the present moment, the number new e-residents joining the program already exceeds the number newly born babies estonia and estonia estimates active e-residents, which will greatly outnumber the current population the country million people. cryptocurrencies with the emergence the blockchain technology and cryptocurrencies the financial system, arguably, the one experiencing the biggest shift the moment. one the new trends for some innovative projects raise financing through the initial coin offerings token generation events the lightly regulated instruments with none hardly any involvement from financial intermediaries. parallel, sizeable part population moving towards self-employment, running small businesses and freelancing, often collecting payments digitally and, increasingly, cryptocurrencies, which bypasses the traditional state revenue mechanisms. the not distant future, sovereign states will need create new model financial relations with their citizens, corporates and global partners remain useful and even relevant. part this new model some forward looking countries are starting discuss the idea launching their own national cryptocurrencies run decentralized networks. august kaspar korjus, the managing director e-residency program and the advisor consensus project, published blog post outlining ideas for estonia issue its own cryptocurrency, estcoin, and fund its development via the ico. the main premise the article was proposing this idea for the public discussion and gathering feedback from various participants private and public sector. the news spread quickly and number parties contributed the discussion. one the main questions arising during the debate was the utility aspect the proposed estcoin the state can issue the crypto token, but without being used within environment that promotes increased productivity and positive economic and societal change, the success the token limited. consensus foundation, having support from the program and working closely with the eresidency estonia will build strong applications for the future estcoin and other, inevitable, national cryptocurrencies. working together, this partnership aims address the incredible opportunity build new governance models for the future society and new kind country global, inclusive virtual entity, country service, governance platform for the entire world. estonia's new e-residents are surpassing the country's birth rate, https://thenextweb.com/eu////estonias-new-e-residentssurpassing-countrys-birth-rate/ estonia could offer 'estcoins' e-residents, https://medium.com/e-residency-blog/estonia-could-offer-estcoins-to-e-residentsaaadc technology general background blockchains: bitcoin satoshi nakamoto proposed the blockchain technology his whitepaper "bitcoin: peer-to-peer electronic cash system" and was implemented the following year. bitcoin network's application the blockchain technology ledger the financial transactions which publicly records transfers the network currency, bitcoin. the innovation introduced the bitcoin network was successful solution the double spend problem using blockchain. this breakthrough, coupled with the network's innate decentralized design, relative anonymity and open sourced codebase, facilitated its rapid wide adoption and support. despite the use peer-to-peer technology and the absence central authority operate the network, bitcoin has successfully carried out over million transactions and its current market capitalization over billion dollars. this also allowed bitcoin become one the biggest computer networks, with hashpower over exahashes/sec. and the estimated annual power consumption twh, which larger than the power consumption some countries. following the success bitcoin numerous other blockchain-based cryptocurrencies emerged. the moment, monetary transactions remain the most common application the blockchain technology, however, this rapidly changing, with various new projects appearing, aiming manage other digital and physical assets, such financial products and services, logistics information, property ownership, identity and more. ethereum ethereum proposed and first released improved the transactional limitations bitcoin network adding the ability execute smart contracts the blockchain with decentralized turing-complete virtual machine, the ethereum virtual machine (evm), which can run scripts using network public nodes. ethereum also provides cryptocurrency token ether, which can transferred between accounts and used compensate participant nodes for computations performed. ethereum also includes "gas", internal code execution pricing mechanism that used mitigate the halting problem and various abuse scenarios, well allocate resources the network. smart contracts the innovation ethereum was the introduction smart contracts that allowed users the network write programs (or contracts) and have the network execute them the blockchain. similar bitcoin, ethereum uses the blockchain and consensus mechanism ensure that malicious node attempts forge the content the contract, the forged contract will eventually removed from the blockchain. while bitcoin network ensures the integrity the financial transaction the amount coins transferred between accounts, ethereum, additionally, ensures the integrity the contract being executed. general, smart contracts present immense opportunity for the future computing https://bitcoin.org/bitcoin.pdf https://github.com/ethereum/wiki/wiki/white-paper fundamental change the development decentralized applications. while these programs not reside centralized server cluster, they can run the same logic anywhere, and the near future will used for wide variety cases, e.g. for the development decentralized marketplaces currency exchange platforms, decentralized worldwide supercomputers, global data and file storage systems (ipfs, ipdb etc.), various asset management applications and many more. addition, blockchain-based smart contracts hold great promise the decentralized artificial intelligence applications, which one the main interests consensus foundation. consensus vision the future governance consensus open-sourced decentralized platform that will help govern communities, societies and jurisdictions more transparent, cost efficient and progressive manner. envision this implemented via collective voting, initiatives proposal and funding, execution reporting and intelligent algorithms that will perform project analysis and model the potential outcomes, considering the efficiency, budgetary concerns, social, environmental and other factors. see consensus being used, effectively, artificial intelligence advisor the organizations and governmental bodies, serving the greater good all. the goal consensus make governmental structures more effective and useful and ensuring smooth transition from the current traditional structures the ones the future will require, minimizing the transition phase difficulties and avoiding chaos the process. consensus foundation aims help advance the systems collective governance that will meet the demands the very near future societies, and aid governments adopting modern technologies for the greater good humanity and further help our collective evolution. https://www.dex.sg https://golem.network, https://sonm.io sentient network there are three main components the consensus system: the sentient blockchain network that includes verified nodes and enables running decentralized machine learning, ii) the research platform with extended data collection and modelling capabilities, and iii) the advisor standalone system, constantly monitoring and learning from the incoming available data, that used make predictions. later stages development will include internally and externally built dapps for various governance applications. network overview the majority the work consensus system will perform consists data collection and processing. the information age data most valuable resource, human and non-human actors generate vast amounts all the time, but usually ends being centralized large multinational companies, and people often don't have control over how their data being used, packaged, sold and resold, and they certainly don't benefit from the data they generated the same way these corporations do. governments also can make better use this valuable resource improve our collective co-existence, however the mechanisms and processes available them remain outdated. this dynamic gives very few corporations competitive advantage over smaller companies and sometimes even countries. additionally, some raw data might too sensitive for general person contribute corporate entity. one the main promises the decentralized networks hold the ability build autonomous software system that governs itself based the internal principles, and not controlled single separate entity. believe that such system will serve basis for the general purpose artificial intelligence and are looking explore the opportunities and the applications this technology the collective governance space. therefore propose, initially, the creation and deployment the sentient blockchain decentralized network with the implementation the trusted nodes, verified with electronic national ids, able execute smart contracts and perform machine learning the network, powered the miners and not controlled corporate entity. essence, sentient builds the innovation bitcoin, ethereum and other decentralized ledgers introducing way execute machine learning tasks part smart contracts. sentient network preserves the control the data and privacy its users and ensures broader access machine learning opportunities for wide range entities, including government bodies, and also small companies, individual researches, students, non-profit organizations. the network will become the core the consensus project and will open-sourced, simplifying the future collaboration and partnerships, and assisting the network adoption and growth. sen coin the sentient network includes native platform currency, called sen and denoted sen. sen coin provides the payment mechanism network participants and generated the network during the execution smart contracts, block mining and other activities including: participation the users public research projects and providing their feedback data; provisioning compute resources the nodes for running the algorithms that power the network, including sentient blockchain, execution smart contracts and training; provisioning the storage capacity for collection and analysis open and internally provided data. sen rewards for participation public voting and other decision making envisaged address the issue voter apathy the economy. economically rational voters should not vote due low incentives and costs associated with the process. however, more people are incentivized participate collective governance, the better decision outcomes are for collective welfare. consensus foundation will hold reserve sen coins used for network governance, external data acquisition and further development. the contributors, developers and partners the network who will help improve, regulate and monitor the network will rewarded from the reserve unlocked according the network governance decisions. assembly order overcome the issues the network governance itself, propose decisionmaking entity called the assembly, comprised the trusted nodes, authenticated the eids, starting with estonia e-residency ids and expanding the future other eids become available and join the network fully decentralize and automate the system. governance matters like the development the source code, forks, mining rates, and decisions regarding the allocation coin reserve within the network will addressed the assembly. additionally, assembly members will able provide the security services the sentient network, which will earn them extra mining rewards. electronic identities with the estonian e-residency built in, sentient will the first decentralized global computer include the strong digital linking, the basis for building the society the future. support for other digital ids will also added the network evolves, based the availability the ids themselves and the electronic authentication methods developed the respective countries and the private sector (digi-id, aadhaar, securekey, win, civik, etc.). following the recent developments this area such the eidas regulation adopted the european union that will enforce the mandatory mutual electronic identity recognition the member states mid-, and the sustainable development goal that calls for legal identity for everyone the world, including birth registration the empirical frequency pivotal vote, casey mulligan, charles hunter, nber working paper no. november http:// www.nber.org/papers/w daos, democracy and governance, ralph c.merke,may http://merkle.com/papers/daodemocracydraft.pdf goal peace, justice and strong institutions, http://www.undp.org/content/undp/en/home/sustainable-development-goals/goal-peace-justice-and-strong-institutions/targets/ anticipate the electronic identities the global standard the not-so-distant future. estonia, the first digital nation, has successfully paved the way for the eid adoption and usage with incredible results show for, and lot our work inspired the estonia's success this space. envision combining the power the smart contracts verified and signed digitally national electronic identities facilitate much faster adoption consensus the public sector due the increased transparency, accountability and efficiency. there have been attempts create decentralized identity verification protocols without relying external trusted authorities with open pretty good privacy standard (openpgp) being, arguably, the most important one. however, openpgp has several shortcomings such difficult key management, complex ui, limited adoption and high risks from key loss. propose implement eids verification via off-chain/on-chain hybrid mechanism with the only off-chain mechanism being the query for checking the revocation status. one potential solution has been explored oraclize their eid project proposing use estonian eresidency kyc for ethereum smart contracts. the eid project enables users possession e-residency card link any ethereum address their identity, represented their personal serial number which tied the personal information opposed the smart card's certificate and control funds transfers from smart contract-based wallets. the verification system checks rsa signature, digi-id's certificate and status the card revocation list. are considering taking similar approach. regular, unidentified nodes can also participants sentient network, they will able perform basic mining, store encrypted data and earn low tier rewards. the trusted nodes, authenticated and linked with electronic ids will have access extended set functionality, will earn greater mining and verification rewards and will have access future services and features the network. furthermore, eid-authenticated user wallets will have signing smart contracts and voting privileges. previously, there were number attempts approximate the one person one vote mechanism, but the introduction the electronic ids will solve this issue. smart contracts signed with eids. plan build gui user wallet with eid integration for general, non-developer participants (regular citizens) could create customized smart contract for virtually any type deal transaction. the smart contracts will able signed the holders the eids, creating the additional level security and trust. addition the transactional history the user wallet will include voting history and requests, ongoing and proposed projects/initiatives relevant eid, interests and preferences the user and smart contract templates. decentralized machine learning the blockchain, federated learning one the innovations are proposing build artificial intelligence layer that hosted eid final report estonian e-residency-based kyc for ethereum smart contracts, http://www.oraclize.it/papers/eid_report-rev.pdf the network participants and training data contributions from the network and other available external datasources. the dynamic envision akin marketplace, where entity such researcher, data scientist, startup government organization ("requestor") interested collecting and analyzing data will able perform public opinion data collection via voting and surveys, external data processing and various machine learning tasks, such neural network training funded sen. following the initial adoption sentient, envision growing this decentralized research platform used private and public entities gather and process data related modelling any kind decision outcomes. currently most the machine learning happening centralized locations that are controlled closed corporate entities. beyond google and apple using decentralized model training their respective mobile platforms, there openly available network for everyone else. our approach for training models inspired the federated learning method, which appealing due number factors, primarily because privacy considerations the distributed training data remains the nodes, and shared model learned aggregating locally-computed updates. key advantage the federated learning approach the ability decouple the model training from the necessity access the raw training data directly. according mcmahan al. federated learning has distinct privacy advantages compared datacenter training persisted data since holding even "anonymized" dataset can still put user privacy risk via joins with other data. contrast, the information transmitted for federated learning the minimal update necessary improve particular model. furthermore, introduce additional privacy protection mechanisms, that possible for nodes carry out the necessary computations without the risk their local data being compromised by, stored and transmitted the requestor. data privacy using homomorphic encryption machine learning, the goals are often similar the goals private data analysis. the party performing machine learning generally seeks reveal pattern some rule that explains given dataset. researches look for patterns general, that these patterns not only correctly describe given dataset, but that they could also correctly describe new data that drawn from the same distributions. general, this means that researcher wishes find rule that captures the distributional information about the given dataset that not specifically dependent any single data point. the goal private data analysis the same discover distributional information about private dataset, without revealing too much about any individual data point the set. this not feasible working with raw data, however, homomorphic encryption allows for privacy-preserving computation performed the datasets and presents opportunity are looking take advantage of, and sentient network will applying the principles homomorphic encryption protect the requestor and user data. later stages, once the datasets get sufficiently large, intent combine the differential privacy approaches with homomorphic encryption further enhance user data privacy and achieve greater scalability and improve performance. communication-efficient learning deep networks from decentralized data, http://proceedings.mlr.press/v/mcmahana/ mcmahana.pdf mlconfidential: machine learning encrypted data, https://eprint.iacr.org//.pdf dynamic differential privacy for distributed machine learning over networks, https://arxiv.org/pdf/..pdf assembly protection service assembly protection service container service, provided the assembly members, that holds the encryption keys ensure data and model integrity. assembly protection guarantee the safe transfer between the entity requesting the transaction and the user nodes that execute the request, well the model integrity during the training. aps provided the assembly nodes collectively and requires the nodes not only eid authenticated, but also lock collateral security deposit sen, insurance case the encryption keys are compromised, which case the nodes would forfeit their collateral and will transferred the reserves held the foundation. the collateral amount subject change, depending the number active assembly nodes willing provide the service. synaptic core one the main parts the consensus system the smart contract system that acts dispatcher service between the machine learning service requestors and the user nodes. facilitate the secure interactions between the entities requesting the particular data processing, synaptic core builds research-related smart contract, encrypts using assembly protection service and makes available for distribution. also assigns sen rewards for the successful execution. process overview the entity wishing train the model, call "requestor" (this could researcher, data scientist, startup, non-profit organization, government organization) sends the model (e.g. neural network) specification general description what the model being trained the network and sets reward sen for the computation performed the miners. the requestor also required send their public rsa key for model encryption, explained below. sentient invokes specialized smart contract the blockchain that initializes the model. call this smart contract synaptic core and performs number tasks. the point when synaptic core receives the machine learning model specification, initializes the model trained and sends the assembly, along with the requestor's public key. previously described, assembly subnetwork trusted nodes within the sentient blockchain that can provide the assembly protection service (aps), ensuring the integrity the models being trained and the privacy the user data used for federated machine learning. upon the receipt the model and the requestor's public key, aps performs the following operations: stores the requestor's public key generates its own key pair, aps private key and aps public key, used for homomorphic encryption encrypts the model using the aps public key, sends synaptic core for distribution the miner nodes assembly also collects fee part the reward posted the requestor. anticipate this fee flat, but this subject change, based the network performance during the initial testing stage, and the anticipated load. synaptic core makes the model available the miner nodes which, turn, request the descriptions available models, pull them and perform the computations locally, their local datasets. the resulting gradients are then sent back the synaptic core that verifies them and rewards the miners for good gradients received. this repeated while the set budget allows, and the once the reward budget has been entirely allocated the miner nodes, synaptic core finalizes the model and sends the assembly. assembly decrypts the final model with the aps private key, encrypts with the requestor's public key and returns the synaptic core, which turn returns the final model the requestor. the figure diagram below visually presents the process. research platform following the release the sentient network, its initial adoption and user growth, are planning launch the research platform system enable conducting extended research, working with various data sources, including proprietary data acquired the foundation and contributed the participants, data from open sources, public voting and opinion data gathered from the members the network exchange for sen. anticipate the initial growth phase the research platform take several years, which will allow attract and retain repeat customers from the private and public sector, and accumulate large enough datasets build, iterate, enhance and evolve the consensus algorithms. being the second main component consensus, the research platform will enable effective data collection, processing, visualization and actionable insights. the platform consists three components. datascope the research dashboard, the main interface working with data. advisor, the prediction and decision modelling engine. governance related modules. datascope datascope the gui for working with data, with on-chain and off-chain elements, that allows requestors perform number data collection and analysis tasks. the datascope modules include: data collectors, gathering data from various available sources, both open and proprietary and data fusion mechanisms data transformers (turning unstructured data into structured data objects and creating associations with real objects) data intelligence visual representation, dashboards, graphs, tables, etc multiuser collaboration system with various access levels addition the off-chain data preparation and analysis tools, datascope will provide interface options run simulations and perform public opinion research via sending requests into the sentient network, using the advisor backend capabilities. governance modules during the this stage the consensus project development the additional application modules will build which will used for effective collective governance and decision making. the types modules propose developed are outlined below. public opinion gathering module different types requestors enterprises, non-profit groups, government agencies will have the ability present proposal for evaluation and collect public opinion data from the users sentient network via the public opinion gathering module. the proposal will valued pay-for-success basis when the requestor pays fee once the data collection results meet certain criteria. there will also back data contribution option that will waive this fee the requestor releasing the results the research for open use. use case residents the city, using their eid, can make proposals such prohibit the entry cars into the city centre. the offer published the city portal. the proposal enters the system the form ticket the research platform, where the officials assess its necessity and consequences and the costs this initiative (e.g. set prohibitory signs and barriers etc.) the issue become non-trivial, request made the advisor, which can predict, for example, the economic losses from the difficulty delivery services this initiative adopted and suggests designing the optimal parking places instead. the project marked active initiative and published the city portal, with the budget details and the items affected this project implemented. the residents can vote for the project using their eid-connected wallets. budgeting module budgeting module the datascope subsystem that enables the city, region country budget formation. the new proposals that require funding will created and managed the module, where experts would able analyze particular proposal and dedicate team researchers, with various access levels (to enable the involvement both internal and external experts), models the consequences the initiative implementation, estimate the financial requirements, future benefits and profits, influence the environment, public opinion, public health and safety, and consider other factors and outcomes. this module will enable the formation the optimal budget from the multitude separate proposals, taking into considerations the desires and preferences the citizens (including the electronic voting the items budget allocation) and the recommendations the advisor where the funding should directed increased, and what programs should scaled down stopped. the final proposal will available for publishing, adoption and implementation. following this, each proposal that requires outside contractor execute can listed the open tender subsystem smart contract, stating the terms the proposal, requirements, implementation details etc. the tracking the execution will attached the proposal for transparency. use case regional government desires introduce the new incentive reduced tax for startups for the first years, attract innovative companies and create new jobs the sector. the module simulates this situation, with the given input: "what would happen the first years the corporate tax increasing per year after that". the budgeting engine then predicts the outcome: subset the current companies the region will tax exempt, and the tax revenue will drop $.m per year. the long term, the region will attract new companies, and skilled specialists will move from other regions. years this dynamic will contribute additional tax revenue annually. legislation module this datascope subsystem enables the proposal and formulation legislative initiatives, such introduction, change repeal laws, regulations and policies. any legislative initiative will come datascope evaluated and processed experts. foresee that sizeable part the proposed initiatives will rejected for obvious reasons, but subset the proposals, appearing have potential and deserving further study and analysis, will sent the legislative module. this module will contain all active laws, regulations and policies and the advisor will monitor the current state matters and indicate what should adopted, changed repealed. example would proposal lower the speed limits within the city due the rising number accidents. the new proposals will come the legislation module the form tickets and will assigned team review and execute deemed acceptable and useful. the team will evaluate the details such impact and cost, gather feedback from citizens and model the consequences and outcomes the proposed policy with the help advisor. the event successful analysis the proposal, the project implementation planned and set motion. effectively disseminate the proposed change, can additionally made publicly available through the network its participants. use case the mayor the city exploring ways increase the revenues the city budget and there idea change the liquor sale hours, increase the income from the sales alcohol bars and nightclubs. however, there concern increased incidents drunk people the streets causing discontent among the residents and having negative impact public safety. the inquiry goes into the legislation module simulate the situation "what happens the region extends the liquor sale hours until instead the current am?" advisor looks key indicators, such other similar cities/regions, models the options and produces prediction the proposal: additional revenues the budget: per year the cost maintaining order will increase (additional load the law enforcement, ambulance, hospitals), which will cost about per year. increased cost city cleaning: per year. the city's public safety index will decrease per year. the health index the population will decrease per year. external data module this the subsystem that allows collection and processing the data that might not available the requestors may not structured immediately usable. this includes data from open sources well proprietary data that the foundation will help acquire for the research users, supplement and enhance the research capabilities particular projects. anticipate working closely with the initial requestors understand their projects needs, and will assist external data acquisition and preparation. consensus advisor the platform will grow, evolve and mature foresee certain entities require customized research performed, going beyond training single deep learning model launching single opinion poll. for this purpose, plan construct environment that will allow these longer term initiatives carried out. foresee initially working with the groups willing opensource and/or make publicly available the results their research. the resulting outcomes these projects accumulate and gain certain critical volume, will able move the next phase the roadmap and proceed the development the advisor subsystem. are planning introduce extension the datascope that will begin separate module, initially working independently, gathering and processing various available datasets and training its internal algorithms build patterns. foresee working closely with the government bodies this stage help shape this subsystem and adopt the use advisor supplement and enhance the decision-making process the existing governing bodies, help them conduct research related various public service initiatives, aiming comprehensively model the outcomes policy changes, with the participation the constituents given jurisdiction, well using other available data. however, don't foresee limiting its use solely the public sector our view, there are number private companies and other entities that would benefit from advisor well. our vision for consensus advisor give organizations and governments the ability instantly model the outcomes and analyze any particular proposal and/or decision prior taking them the public, effectively acting test environment for any proposed change. development platform, dapps the final step the development the platform, will opened building governance applications (both internally and externally done development) using the consensus infrastructure algorithms, smart contract templates, reputation system, polling system, registries integrations etc. the third-party developers. below are some the applications the consensus foundation will built internally. open legislation one the final long-term goals consensus enable transparent legislation proposals and voting domestic and foreign policies, enabling any interested citizen contribute the creation policy and employing network's collective wisdom discuss and vote the policy for government's consideration. the proposals will through several stages: ranking, evaluation with support from the domain experts, voting, policy execution review. the system will run the simulation the proposed change, assess the complexity implementation and predict the impact the budget, operations, natural environment, and other factors. open tender consensus platform will allow government bodies post social projects and invite residents discuss, vote and take part the execution application process. the open tender extensions social grants system will work similar manner but with different transaction terms and execution monitoring. the projects will submitted the network with the necessary information such impact, importance and advantages the society, permit and license requirements, execution timelines and other relevant details. the system will track the responses and engagement, help rate the proposals feasibility, importance and timing. once the tender research grant awarded, the terms the transactions outlined smart contract are signed the involved parties and the allocated funding transferred. the network participants subsequently monitor the execution the tender grant giving the rating the responsible party and participating other decisions required for successful execution the tender. open budget similarly open tender, the open budget application will allow relevant participants verified digital ids participate the decision making processes with respect community/city/ jurisdiction budget allocation and perform public audits the budgetary spending. social proposals and crowdfunding individuals, communities organizations can invite members and residents participate launching project initiatives for collective voting and discussion. natural and legal persons can apply executors for these initiatives and, required, offer plans implementation, timelines and budget. the network users then can cast their votes, influencing the awarding the project the most suited proposal. the effective execution and management will achieved through higher level transparency, faster adaptive processes and reputation system developed though the track record executed transactions. this will allow for the selection the most suitable stakeholders, domain experts and network observers ensure the highest level success the proposed projects. the projects could also crowdfunded the selected public subgroup and the selected network observers will monitor and rate the execution. consensus advisor will assist with the budget modelling and allocation, assess the complexity and implementation the projects and provide recommendations for the stakeholders. roadmap implementation timeline this section present the planned milestones for consensus project development. this plan should considered preliminary, consensus using cutting-edge technologies, and itself very complex project. genesis release year) launch the sentient blockchain, the distributed ledger system with trusted nodes, verified with electronic national ids connecting the known eid providers (starting from e-residents estonia) and linking eids with mining, voting and network governance decentralized machine learning, initial release sen coin placement exchanges awakening release years) research platform launch consensus advisor launch evolution release years) consensus adoption government bodies initial launch the governance modules further training for initiative evaluation and analysis collective funding projects dapp development platform for third-party developers unity release years) further enhancements advisor for budget modelling, implementation assessment and improved efficiency global consensus (future) integration with government registries global adoption consensus consensus pilot the initial release the platform will developed cooperation with estonian e-residency team and launched estonia. initially, over estonian e-residents will able join the network, and later the eids other countries they become available. each e-residency card holder will get the sen coins upon joining the sentient network for the first time. consensus foundation objectives consensus foundation intended independent and democratic governance body that oversees the development, adoption and growth the sentient network. the main objectives the foundation are follows: open and fair democratic governance the network's activity and resources, ii) development and advancement technology for collective welfare, iii) fostering the environment innovation and fairly rewarding the developers and partners the network. consensus launch partners government estonia e-residency program, estonia republic estonia global pioneer and known e-government leader, having the most advanced electronic governance systems, digital identities and online government services. consensus pilot version developed cooperation with estonian e-residency team and will launched estonia, with e-residents becoming the initial users. named "the most advanced digital society the world" wired, estonia has set the goal onboard million e-residents kaspar korjus, the managing director e-residency program strategic advisor consensus. creative destruction lab, canada creative destruction lab canadian program for massively scalable, science-based ventures, and particularly suited early stage ventures with links university research labs. cdl that provides access world-renowned experts and chief scientists from leading academic institutions, including university toronto, mcgill university, university montreal, rotman school management and others. consensus joined cdl october mothership exchange, estonia mothership digital asset exchange and token market platform established estonia with goal make digital assets accessible businesses and e-residents. the goal mothership make estonia leading country for blockchain companies streamlining their registration, development and providing access funding and incubator-type services. ocean protocol, germany and singapore ocean protocol the decentralized data exchange protocol that lets people share and monetize data while guaranteeing control, auditability, transparency and compliance all actors involved. data providers and custodians need feel safe before they will comfortably share data and ocean protocol the solution. team oleg gutsol founder software developer, entrepreneur. prior founding consensus, oleg was the founder and ceo px, photo distribution platform, powered image recognition technology and machine learning algorithms. oleg created the initial source code and discovery algorithms the platform, and this day remains the biggest library the high quality photos the internet. the ceo, oleg led from inception through hyper growth, with his help the company raised over funding from leading firms like andreessen horowitz, ffvc, visual china group and others, established major partnerships with google, adobe, microsoft, sony, airbnb, lonely planet etc., and the consumer platform grew millions users globally. oleg turned his interest the problems collective governance and artificial intelligence applied solving societal issues. also served head global growth the republic estonia e-residency program (now advisor the program), which provides the basis for the consensus implementation. oleg studied applied computer science ryerson university toronto, canada. dustin plett strategy, partnership, business development dustin seasoned leader enterprise sales, business development, and strategy. spent over years building various technology businesses, most recently, px.com the world's premier social network for photographers, which lead acquisition vcg julia ivanova marketing, growth co-founder parla.ai, artificial intelligence language teacher. marketing, pr, adver tising and business development specialist. previously, investment analyst evalue investment fund. prior that, account director smartclip and coo click district. julia has masters degree business informatics from higher school economics moscow, and masters degree sociology, specialist social science, from saint petersburg state university economics and service. artem loginov special advisor: product, ai, governance founder parla.ai. chief product officer with over years experience and focus mobile and artificial intelligence. product, ux, analytics and monetization expert. founder several ai, edtech and esports startups. previously product lingualeo, foreign languages learning company with over users. prior that, served director product yandex ($yndx), responsible for mobile maps, the local competitor google maps, active users. artem holds double master's degree international law and government management from the russian presidential academy national economy and public administration, and phd candidate economics from the same university. advisors kaspar korjus managing director e-residency program the republic estonia. advisor identity. after gaining bsc. and msc. e-business lancaster university, kaspar was invited back estonia the president-initiated "talents return home" program. amongst others, kaspar has been chosen forbes estonia one the under people technology and finance. trent mcconaghy founder and cto bigchaindb, scalable global blockchain database. founder ipdb, shared public database for the internet and coalaip, blockchain-ready, community-driven protocol for intellectual property licensing. veteran the machine learning/ai field, author variation-aware analog structural synthesis. trent holds phd from leuven, belgium and and bsc from university saskatchewan, canada. yin cao founding partner and chief strategy officer the energy blockchain labs, the world's first company focused blockchain technology energy and green finance application. principal expert blockchain and the principal energy analyst china cinda securities, the investment bank china cinda group the biggest financial asset management company china. author several books, including "development energy internet", "introduction energy internet". has also written book with mr. huateng, the chairman tencent group. james stewart technology leader with extensive hands-on experience building capability, setting direction, developing and operating digital services, and leading organizations through substantial change. previously, co-founder the government digital service, playing wide variety roles the digital transformation the the government, from hands-on technology lead through deputy cto for government. alkarim nasser technology entrepreneur with over ten years experience mobile and internet technologies. currently running product and growth facebook. previously co-founder and managing partner bnotions, where was helping brands, investors and young entrepreneurs create and monetize business models driven disruptive technology (acquired also, co-founder and chairman gallop, radically innovative data science company creating tools the mobile marketing growth marketing customer acquisition mobile advertising marketing automation industry (acquired named under the marketing magazine. april rinne april consultant startups and established companies, local and national governments, policy makers, think tanks and investors, working across for-profit and nonprofit models. her areas expertise include policy reform; global expansion; the future work; sustainable development; cities; and emerging markets. april holds j.d. from harvard law school, m.a. international business and finance from the fletcher school tufts university, and b.a. summa cum laude from emory university. she fulbright scholar and has also studied oxford university, harvard kennedy school government, and the european university institute. april young global leader the world economic assembly where she leads the sharing economy working group and member the global futures council for the future mobility and the urbanization advisory group. she member china's national sharing economy committee and serves the advisory boards the sharing cities alliance, seoul sharing city (south korea), amsterdam sharing city (the netherlands), sharing economy denmark (sedk), the national league cities (usa) and world pulse (global). she also founding member bbpdx. appendix consensus governance principles one the consensus aims create efficient governance different organizational bodies. some the areas for improvement targeted are set out the following table traditional governance consensus governance engagement subdued public engagement elections and decision making due low incentives and costs associated with the process. economically rational voters should not vote more people incentivized participate collective governance leading more inclusive process and better decision outcomes for collective welfare. will test governance concepts such liquid democracy and futarchy fix "voter apathy" decision making lack sufficient information positive/negative externalities and interconnectedness different issues often prevents the exhaustive economic and financial analysis, efficient allocation budget, infrastructure development and social services provision decentralized network allows perform better analysis with more factors and correlations visible, and also facilitates public discussion, proposals and voting the different initiatives, while assisting governments model different scenarios and outcomes sandbox use public funds bureaucracy and heavy managements structures can result inefficient use public funds decision processes are streamlined minimizing the intermediaries involved bias human factor traditional governmental bodies are sometimes prone human errors, conflicts interest and skewed incentives, creating bias and inefficiencies the decision making process system that allows remove bias and assess decisions from common good perspective assisted autonomous advisor algorithms and network participants ensure the fairness, transparency and efficiency tender auctions the application and selection process for the governmental subcontractors may not fully transparent and aligned the fair market value open tender will enable quicker proposals, transparent selection process, higher number applicants and lower pricing requirements due increased competition monitoring and reporting the incentives for thorough and complete monitoring the project execution may not sufficiently strong resulting insufficient and fragmentary reporting network participants can monitor, rate and report the execution with reward incentives creating reputation system for future transactions adaptability slow and encumbering accept structural changes that require implementation new processes, introduction digital services, dissolving inefficient divisions etc. network awards contributors and developers continue upgrading the systems and applications leading self-improving iterative governance platform voting many global regions political and community elections are still not fully transparent and/or require significant resources conduct, collect and process polls transparent and radically open voting and elections without unnecessary financial overhead timing social proposals are lengthy processes affected complex research, preparation public surveys and analysis quicker collective decision making using extended data analysis aid the process accountability and record keeping public records are still paper based many sovereign states making them vulnerable neglect and loss. imperfect record keeping results weak accountability history stored the blockchain. digital services processes the network allow for secure record keeping and open access legal disclaimer information purposes only this whitepaper for information purposes only. consensus foundation ("consensus") does not guarantee the accuracy the conclusions reached this whitepaper. information contained this whitepaper, www.consensus.ai website, any other materials produced consensus and its affiliates constitutes forward-looking statements the expected development and performance consensus and the actual performance and progress consensus might differ from these expectations. you are advised seek your own legal advice and thoroughly assess the risks and uncertainties involved before acting upon any information. this whitepaper not intended present proposal, investment advice, solicitation any kind, nor endorsement. sen tokens are not structured sold securities any other form investment product. particular, this whitepaper does not constitute prospectus securities offer document any sort and not intended constitute offer securities solicitation for investment securities any jurisdiction. for clarity, sen tokens are not intended constitute securities financial products any jurisdiction. this whitepaper does not purport contain all information that prospective purchaser sen tokens may require. interested parties should, among other things, conduct their own investigations and analysis any sen token offering and seek further information and professional advice. persons intending purchase sen tokens should determine for themselves the information they require and base any decision respect any proposed purchase sen tokens such information, investigation, analysis and advice, and not the information contained this whitepaper. representations, warranties liability recipients this whitepaper should not rely information contained this whitepaper any inferences drawn from it. not consensus foundation nor any party associated with makes purports make, and each hereby disclaims, any representation, warranty undertaking (whether express implied) any form whatsoever any entity person, including any representation, warranty undertaking relation the truth, accuracy and completeness any the information set out this whitepaper. particular, not consensus foundation nor any party associated with any them makes any representation warranty (whether express implied) the accuracy the completeness the information contained this whitepaper, and none them shall have any liability for any statement, forecasts, information matters, express implied, arising out contained derived from, for any omissions from this whitepaper any other written information communicated any person relation connection with the matters contained this whitepaper. the maximum extent permitted any and all applicable laws, regulations and rules, not consensus foundation nor any party associated with any them shall liable for any indirect, special, incidental, consequential other losses any kind, tort, contract, equity, common law otherwise (including but not limited loss revenue, income profits, and loss use data), arising out connection with any acceptance reliance this whitepaper any part thereof. for completeness, regulatory authority has examined approved any the information set out this whitepaper. such action has been will taken under the laws, regulatory requirements rules any jurisdiction. the publication, distribution dissemination this whitepaper does not imply that any applicable laws, regulatory requirements rules have been complied with.