white paper the constant system more useful money v., jan written duy huynh, ning tan, daniel nguyen, gael vo, nguyen behalf the entire constant team the latest version available https://constant.money/whitepaper.pdf contents introduction stable unit account reliable store value efficient medium exchange related work economics the freedom money the early years central banking systematic and transparent monetary policy good normal anchor related work cryptocurrency fiat collateralized crypto collateralized algorithmic silver bullet overview the tokens utility token: the constant stablecoin (const) backed pegged the dollar mining policy burning policy monetary supply policy units implementation governance token: the monetary policy token (mpt) decentralized autonomous organization mpt relationships mpt holders responsibilities incentives mpt governors responsibilities incentives mining policy burning policy monetary supply policy units implementation infrastructure token: ether (eth) collateral tokens: trust vault assets overview the constant system hybrid approach the constant system: key entities and key functions business model entity: the constant foundation purpose constant roadmap application roadmap market roadmap key members duy huynh, monetary policy professor thuc nguyen, applied cryptography professor dung tran, consensus scalability gael vo, product manager bao le, infrastructure bill pelletier, e-commerce ning tan, community, south east asia justin lucas, community, south america key advisors entity: the trust vault purpose assets examination direct banking implementation entity: the decentralized payment network purpose distributed ledger technology implementation function: conducting monetary policy pegged the dollar fees function: managing the trust vault minting new constant burning funds guarantee function: handling payments and settlements safely and efficiently addresses and keys transactions state transition system blocks function: promoting adoption constant everyday life for personal fast international payments security and complete control over your money zero low fees mobile payments made easy works everywhere, any time for business protection against fraud fast international payments zero low fees multi-signature online payments offline payments for traders hedging alternative traditional currency deposit for developers your own bank. your own payment gateway. simple yet powerful programming model integrate into your existing web sites apps function: create ui/ux guidelines for decentralized applications built with constant vocabulary performance web mobile open source code architecture conclusion references glossary the constant system new global financial infrastructure. the constant foundation the founding team the constant system. constant new international stable currency, backed the dollar. implemented burnable, mintable ethereum erc- token. trust vault set escrow accounts backing the issuance constant, routinely audited registered public accounting firm and managed independent trust company. ethereum decentralized application and smart contract platform. abstract the constant system decentralized global financial infrastructure that enables new set financial applications for consumers and businesses. the heart the constant system, there decentralized, borderless, stable currency, called constant. constant cryptocurrency with defining, differentiating characteristics that make the ideal stablecoin. stable unit account, secure store value and efficient medium exchange. constant not minted out thin air; always backed valuable assets. the first release constant backed the dollar only, combining the creditworthiness and price stability the dollar with the technological advantages decentralized ledger technology (blockchain technology). maintaining strict peg, constant backed its equivalent usd, held fully audited trust vault, managed independent trust company. subsequent releases, constant will backed broad variety assets, including fiats like the dollar and euro, cryptocurrencies like bitcoin and ethereum, tokenized assets like real estate and gold. different from other cryptocurrencies, constant designed for useability and real world practicality. constant upgraded money, practical alternative that bypasses the limitations fiat currency, built integrate seamlessly into daily use. this white paper, outline the constant system and its monetary policy, and also describe the first many practical use cases and applications constant. part stablecoin overview introduction the total addressable market money about trillion dollars from its first use the tang dynasty (a.d. -), we've had more than thousand years practice holding and using paper currency. its limitations are keenly felt, now more than ever. with the advent cryptocurrency borderless, frictionless, and decentralized the world beginning think more broadly about how money should, and can, behave. bitcoin powerful cryptocurrency that fails the everyday money. due its volatility, you wouldn't use bitcoin, any coin, buy cup coffee shop online. one would accept salaries invoices bitcoin, businesses don't. for financial services offering loan taking deposit unstable coin gamble that few will take. money, bitcoin unusable. bitcoin fluctuated between and from july nov the stability constant enables these use cases scale. like bitcoin, decentralized cryptocurrency; nobody owns controls the constant system. unlike bitcoin, however, constant stable, you can spend everyday things. people all around the world continue choose the dollar for the benefits price stability and creditworthiness, but especially emerging markets, nervously sits under mattresses precarious bank accounts. constant digital upgrade the dollar that retains the benefits the world reserve currency, addition total freedom. constant cryptocurrency that embodies the three integral characteristics usable money: stable unit account, efficient medium exchange and secure store value. stable unit account its very core, constant built maintain peg the dollar. the value goods and services are easily measured terms constant, which holds its value the usd does, and additionally designed easily converted any time. reliable store value far savings go, constant provides viable refuge for multiple volatile economies. affords the price stability the usd with the accessibility borderless digital currency. unlike many other digital currencies however, constant straddles both worlds, and easily converts back fiat. each constant backed dollar, held trust vault with strict collateralization. efficient medium exchange addition price stability and the practicalities that affords any exchange goods and services, constant also reduces the friction, distance, expense and inefficiency every transaction, made anyone anyone anywhere the world. related work economics constant extensively influenced both prior and current literature monetary economics. there has been lot work discussing the practicalities feasibilities stable currency (jevons marshall wicksell fisher hayek bordo black cagan dorn patinkin dorn the freedom money the constant system designed unshackle money. constant currency holders control the system, independent any governing body. the concept monies free from governmental control was first proposed "the denationalization money" (hayek hayek proposed that market forces should dictate the issuance money, not static government policy. the time, was arresting but impractical idea. years later however, technological leaps have given the perfect infrastructure bring hayek's idea fruition government-independent blockchain, like bitcoin and constant, with its own native currency. the early years central banking constant offers efficiency gains, cost reductions and financial empowerment, simply replacing middlemen banks with peer peer technology. the early years central banking, individuals and businesses held accounts with the bank england and the sveriges riksbank. was not practical during this era paper bookkeeping manually maintain large number private accounts. the number grew, the system buckled and had discontinued. people started open accounts separate commercial banks, which leads today: trillions dollars trickle sluggishly within arbitrary geographical boundaries, waiting for multiple middlemen take their cut before reaching their intended destination sometimes more than week later. with distributed ledger technology, fairly simple for anyone open account the blockchain and instantly send money across the world, bypassing commercial banks, antiquated payment structures, markups and inflated fees. the bookkeeping process has come long way since paper, upgraded with military-grade cryptography and consensus algorithms. transactions, balances and records are now transparent, verifiable and accessible from anywhere the world. money the blockchain makes the world round faster. systematic and transparent monetary policy monetary economists have reached consensus that the conduct monetary policy should systematic and transparent. "the committee seeks explain its monetary policy decisions the public clearly possible. such clarity facilitates well-informed decision-making households and businesses, reduces economic and financial uncertainty, increases the effectiveness monetary policy, and enhances transparency and accountability," the federal open market committee the constant system systematic; everything runs exactly programmed via smart contracts, without any possibility downtime, censorship, fraud third-party interference. the constant system transparent: open-source; its design public, nobody owns controls the constant system and anyone can own part it. good normal anchor almost all central banks have chosen inflation targeting their nominal anchor. however, these inflation targets are not objectively reliably fixed specific values. the target can warped whole host external factors such desired election outcomes, undermining the credibility the central bank's nominal anchor. replacing inflation targeting with price-level targeting has been proposed various economists. price-level target specific numerical objective; that is, natural focal point for household and business expectation, and serves credible nominal anchor. design, constant backed. for the first release, constant backed the dollar, the world reserve currency. the system develops over time, constant will backed broad variety assets, including fiats like the dollar and euro, cryptocurrencies like bitcoin and ethereum, tokenized assets like real estate and gold. the price-level target could specified terms crypto asset index constructed from the publicly listed prices crypto assets various exchanges, fed oracles. this method facilitates full transparency, and can reproduced and verified anyone, any time. related work cryptocurrency there are existing approaches creating price stability for cryptocurrency: fiat collateralized, crypto collateralized, zero collateralized. the first release constant will fiat collateralized, chosen for its unwavering stability. fiat collateralized fiat-collateralized stablecoins work like this: alice sends usd collateral stablecoin company and receives stablecoin return. this solution simple for consumers understand and easy for stablecoin company build and execute. terms price stability, it's absolutely stable. companies: tether (usdt), trueusd (tusd) crypto collateralized crypto-collateralized stablecoin works similarly fiat-collateralized, but instead using fiats, uses other cryptocurrencies collaterals. the problem that cryptocurrencies are volatile. crypto-collateralized stablecoin solves this over-collateralizing. for example: alice sends eth (about value december collateral stablecoin company and receives stablecoins (about value) return. this comes with some limitations. first, cannot stable fiat collateralized stable coin. second, what the value the collateral, eth, goes below third, it's very inefficient use capital. why would you want lock eth and only get out half its value? companies: makerdao (dai) algorithmic this system was first proposed robert sams seigniorage shares the idea was build algorithmic central bank which issues and maintains the coin value this would mimic and replace the real world central banks responsible for the monetary policies nation (e.g. bank england) group nations (e.g. european central bank). assume the coin value the market due fluctuating demand. the algorithm issues more coins until its value goes down $., based quantity theory money the newly minted coins are then auctioned the open market, bringing some extra profits, called seigniorage profits what the coin value falls below say $.? the algorithm cannot just recall the coins reduce supply. solution, proposed robert sams, issue seigniorage shares that people can buy. when new coins are minted, seigniorage profits will split among the owners the seigniorage shares. the algorithm company, think seigniorage shares the ownership shares that company, and owners those shares shareholders the algorithm. while this solution elegant, major drawback that these seigniorage shares represent the future growth the system. what never grows? keeps going downhill? companies: basis carbon silver bullet modern monetary policy the result thousands years economic evolution. when comes recreating monetary policy for cryptocurrency, there's silver bullet deus machina. price stability crash proof collateral decentralized fiat collateral absolute yes yes, efficient crypto collateral somewhat today yes, inefficient yes algorithmic not yet yes constant committed developing secure, stable system that integrates the strong points all three models. initially, the constant system will launch with fiat-collateral solution. meanwhile, the constant r&d team continues work both crypto-collateral and algorithmic components for the long-term realization the constant system. our hope incorporate these components into the future, optimal version constant. part the tokens the constant system overview the tokens the constant system implements multi-token approach. each token designed serve one the following purposes: utility, governance, infrastructure, and collaterals. the constant stablecoin (const): utility token that pegged the dollar and designed used everyday transactions. the monetary policy token (mpt): governance token that required conduct monetary policy the constant system. ether (eth): infrastructure token that used pay for smart contract gas fees the ethereum network. the trust vault tokens: collateral tokens that are held the trust vault order back the value the constant stablecoin. utility token: the constant stablecoin (const) the constant stablecoin (for short, just constant) the main utility token the constant system. designed utility token for everyday transactions. constant can held and spent the same the way use the dollar everyday life, with few new powerful features: borderless, frictionless, and decentralized. backed every constant backed dollar, held secure, audited escrow account managed independent trust company. pegged the dollar constant pegged the most stable, most usable currency the world. one constant always equals one dollar, and easily switched for usd any time. mining policy one new constant minted when there one new dollar deposited into the trust vault. burning policy one existing constant burned when there one existing dollar withdrew from the trust vault. monetary supply policy there limit monetary supply for constant. units for simplicity, there are only two denominations constant. name value constant dollar nano cent constant implementation for practical purposes, constant implemented ethereum erc token, which has been widely adopted millions users around the world. the existing infrastructure, userbase and development community strong and growing steadily; there are exchanges, wallets and software that support erc compliant tokens. the code open-source https://github.com/constant-money/constant-mvp pragma solidity import import import import 'openzeppelin-solidity/contracts/token/erc/erc.sol' './admin.sol' './ioracle.sol' './imonetarypolicy.sol' contract constant erc, admin token info string public constant name constant stablecoin" string public constant symbol "const" uint public constant decimals interface external contracts imonetarypolicy private monetary; ioracle private oracle; events track onchain-offchain relationships event __transferbyadmin(bytes offchain); event __purchase(bytes offchain); event __redeem(bytes offchain); constructor(address _monetary, address _oracle) public monetary imonetarypolicy(_monetary); oracle ioracle(_oracle); /** @dev function transfer const @param from the address transfer from @param the address transfer @param value the amount transferred function transferbyadmin( address from, address to, uint value, bytes offchain public onlyadmin _transfer(from, to, value); emit __transferbyadmin(offchain); /** @dev function purchase new const @param purchaser the address that will receive the newly minted const @param value the amount const mint function purchase( address purchaser, uint value, bytes offchain public onlyadmin _mint(purchaser, value); emit __purchase(offchain); /** @dev function burn const @param redeemer the account whose const will burnt @param value the amount const burnt function redeem( address redeemer, uint value, bytes offchain public onlyadmin _burn(redeemer, value); emit __redeem(offchain); governance token: the monetary policy token (mpt) mpt holders basically form committee that performs the function the central bank the constant system. conducts the constant system monetary policy achieve two objectives stable prices and maximum meaningful adoption constant everyday life. decentralized autonomous organization the constant system purposely rejected the concept centralized system such central bank. instead, the constant system designed decentralized autonomous organization (jentzsch with three distinct features. cryptonomic central bank governance token, called mpt delegated board governors, elected mpt holders decentralized decision making process, voted mpt governors believe that having dedicated board governors, who elected conduct monetary policy, more optimal setup than waiting for every single user the entire system cast their vote day-to-day proposal. mpt relationships mpt holders responsibilities mpt holders elect the board governors and delegate their voting power the board. for example, alice can delegate her voting power bob, well-know monetary economist the network. incentives after accounting for all operational expenses (i.e. paying the ethereum network for gas fees and paying the trust company for maintaining the trust vault), any amount constant left the constant system will used the benefit the network. some the surplus will used payout dividends mpt holders. mpt holders will receive amount constant proportional mpt tokens they hold, relative the total number mpt tokens the constant system. mpt mpt number mpt tokens that user holds the total number mpt tokens the entire system the profit (net income) the constant system allocation ratio the constant system profit mpt holders initially: dividend paid user the dividend paid user calculated follows: (mpt mpt) mpt governors responsibilities mpt governors play important role the governance the constant system monetary policy. they submit new proposals improve the monetary policy and vote proposals proposed other mpt governors. for example, there outstanding proposal increase the redeem fee from .%. all mpt governors can cast their vote the proposal. the proposal meets the minimum quorum and pasts majority margin, then the new redeem fee will implemented. the initial voting parameters are: purchase fee: the purchase fee fee paid every purchase constant. the initial purchase fee .%. redeem fee: the redeem fee fee paid every redemption constant. the initial redemption fee .%. transfer free: the transfer fee fee paid every transfer constant. the initial redemption fee .%. collateral asset: constant will backed broad variety assets, including fiats like the dollar and euro, cryptocurrencies like bitcoin and ethereum, tokenized assets like real estate and gold. the system evolves, new parameters will added over time and some the existing parameters may removed they become obsolete. incentives after accounting for all operational expenses (i.e. paying the ethereum network for gas fees and paying the trust company for maintaining the trust vault), any amount constant left the constant system will used the benefit the network. some the surplus will used payout dividends mpt governors. mpt holders will receive amount constant proportional mpt tokens they hold, relative the total number mpt tokens the constant system. dmpt dmpt number delegated mpt tokens that mpt governor holds the total number delegated mpt tokens the entire system the profit (net income) the constant system allocation ratio the constant system profit mpt governors initially: dividend paid mpt governor the dividend paid mpt governor calculated follows: (dmpt dmpt) mining policy users the system who want contribute monetary decisions can buy mpt with constant and acquire the power elect the board governors. the constant collected from the sale will stored the reserve vault. the decision issuing new mpt proposed and voted every member the board governors whenever they see the need raising the reserve vault. reserve vault holds all the constant raised from the sales mpt. unlike physical central bank vault, which usually feet below the water and protected with army, reserve vault decentralized various blockchains and protected cryptographic algorithms. every proposal issue new mpt contains: mpt const the target amount constant raise the discount rate the deadline the sale the market price mpt (fed through oracles) the amount constant that user pays with the proposal approved the board governors, users have the chance buy mpt directly from the constant system discounted rate compares open market price. the sell the basis first come, first served and ends either after the deadline because reached. the number mpt user received will be: mpt const mpt burning policy mpt not burnable. monetary supply policy there limit monetary supply for constant. units mpt the single denomination mpt. implementation for practical purposes, mpt also implemented ethereum erc token. the code open-source https://github.com/constant-money/constant-mvp pragma solidity import openzeppelin-solidity/contracts/token/erc/erc.sol' import ./admin.sol' contract monetarypolicy erc, admin token info string public constant name monetary policy token" string public constant symbol "mpt" uint public constant decimals uint private supply; struct proposal bytes key; uint value; uint yes; uint no; uint deadline; empty, proposed, approved uint status; monetary policy parameters such ratio, threshold mapping(bytes uint private params; proposal proposal[] private proposals; events for syncing onchain and offchain execution event __transferbyadmin(bytes offchain); event __mint(bytes offchain); event __propose( uint pid, bytes offchain); event __vote(bytes offchain); event __setparam(bytes offchain); /** @dev constructor that populates bunch default params constructor() public secured loan params[ "ethratio" params[ "ethinterest" params[ "eththreshold" voting params[ "votingwindow" days; params[ "quorum" params[ "majoritymargin" /** @dev function transfer mpt @param from the address transfer from @param the address transfer @param value the amount transferred function transferbyadmin( address from, address to, uint value, bytes offchain public onlyadmin _transfer(from, to, value); emit __transferbyadmin(offchain); /** @dev function mint new mpt @param the address that will receive the newly minted mpt @param value the amount mpt mint function mint( address to, uint value, bytes offchain public onlyadmin _mint(to, value); supply value; emit __mint(offchain); /** @dev getter function get param value function param(bytes key) public view returns uint return params[key]; /** @dev function submit new proposal function propose(bytes key, uint value, bytes offchain) public proposal memory p.key key; p.value value; p.deadline now params[ "votingwindow" p.status proposals.push(p); emit __propose(proposals.length offchain); /** @dev function vote proposal function vote( uint pid, bool yes, bytes offchain) public proposal storage proposals[pid]; require(p.status require(now params[ "quorum" supply) (p.yes params[ "majoritymargin" (p.yes p.status params[p.key] p.value; emit __setparam(offchain); emit __vote(offchain); infrastructure token: ether (eth) for practical purposes, the initial release the constant system implemented top the ethereum network. ethereum has been widely adopted millions users around the world. the existing infrastructure, userbase and development community strong and growing steadily; there are exchanges, wallets and software that support erc compliant tokens. ethereum decentralized platform that runs smart contracts: applications that run exactly programmed without any possibility downtime, censorship, fraud third-party interference. the constant system implemented set ethereum smart contracts. everytime smart contract executes one its functions, there gas fee, required the ethereum network paid its miners. collateral tokens: trust vault assets design, constant backed. the first release constant, outlined this paper, backed the dollar only. subsequent releases, constant will backed broad variety assets, including fiats like the dollar and euro, cryptocurrencies like bitcoin and ethereum, tokenized assets like real estate and gold. mpt holders can vote adding, modifying, removing asset. part iii the constant system: three key entities and five core functions overview the constant system hybrid approach we, like the rest the world, like the stability the dollar. the dollar backed the battle-tested design the federal reserve system, which was founded the central bank the united states, and has established the dollar the most stable currency the world. also like the innovation decentralized ledger technologies (blockchain) from the field computer science. pioneered satoshi nakamoto (nakamoto blockchains are decentralized digital currency systems without central authorities such banks. transaction management and currency issuance are instead carried out collectively the users those networks. the constant system runs top the ethereum network (vitalik constant hybrid. the first release the constant system combines the creditworthiness and price stability the dollar with the technological advantages decentralized ledger technologies (blockchain). audited, independent trust vault integrated into the system ensure security and stability, strictly maintaining peg between constant and the dollar. the constant system: key entities and key functions the constant system has key entities: the decentralized payment network: peer-to-peer decentralized payment network that operates without central authority banks. processing and managing transactions are carried out collectively the users the network. the constant foundation: the founding team that makes initial decisions with regard the building and running the constant system. this system designed become increasingly decentralized over time, that decision-making powers will ultimately belong the community large. the trust vault: escrow account that holds one dollar for every constant circulation. the trust vault holding the usd secured independent custodian, chartered, regulated financial institution. the constant system performs key functions the user's interest ensure the stability the stablecoin, and work towards both growth and adoption. conducting constant's monetary policy ensure stable prices both global and local markets. handling payments and settlements safely and efficiently through blockchain technologies, reducing expense and bypassing typical wait times and geographical borders. maintaining audited, %-backed reserve usd for the equivalent amount constant circulation. creating ui/ux frameworks for decentralized applications built with constant, focusing the useable, simple and intuitive. promoting meaningful adoption constant for use everyday life. business model the constant system privately funded the constant foundation. the long run, the constant system should able self-fund its operations charging competitive fees services such transfers, purchases, and conversions. income derived from these fees will directed towards covering the cost those services, including gas payments the ethereum network and operation expenses for maintaining the trust vault. only after all expenses are paid for, will the net earnings the constant system transferred the constant foundation. the constant foundation will then distribute these earnings fairly among users the system accordance with crypto-economics model. entity: the constant foundation purpose the constant foundation the founding team behind the constant system. responsible for designing and implementing the constant system and promoting the mass adoption constant everyday life. initially, the constant foundation makes decisions building and running the constant system. however, over time, decision-making powers will decentralized and distributed the community. constant roadmap launch runs ethereum network launch consumer financial services secured loan savings launch constant chain testnet launch constant chain mainet application roadmap launch purchase redeem launch consumer financial services secured loan savings launch constant api for developers web integration mobile integration launch business financial services loan payroll invoices point sale market roadmap key members the constant foundation consists scientists, cryptographers, engineers, educators and business operators, mission bring freedom money. many have worked together for years either solving difficult scientific problems engineering large-scale practical real world applications. duy huynh, monetary policy duy works the monetary policy the constant system. spends most his days studying the great economic thinkers the last years and turning their ideas into unstoppable lines code. prior constant, duy founded autonomous, startup that combines robotics technologies build smart office products. grew the company employees countries, with business customers countries within the first months. age duy moved from vietnam the study the university wisconsin, where completed -year college degree semesters. age duy was phd researcher the university maryland the high dependability computing program, funded nasa, the semantic web and fujitsu. duy later dropped out pursue his interest building real world applications and became software architect ibm. another past life, duy was competitive programmer. was acm icpc world finalist, usa computing olympiad winner, and vietnam computing olympiad winner. professor thuc nguyen, applied cryptography thuc leading expert the field applied cryptography, and will work privacy, post-quantum cryptography, randomness, and all things cryptography constant. his current focus preserving the anonymity and confidentiality constant transactions through zero-knowledge proofs. thuc professor applied cryptography the national university vietnam, where co-founded the department applied cryptography and computer security. thuc also co-leads the decentralized cryptography research group, designing innovative cryptographic tools and developing privacy-preserving cryptosystems that simultaneously achieve post-quantum security and practicality. also leads key projects security and cryptography for the vietnamese government. professor dung tran, consensus scalability dung works the consensus scalability algorithms constant. his current focus increasing transaction throughput while preserving consensus properties. dung has extensive research and practical experience distributed systems, computer networks, and game theory, making him the perfect candidate for designing and implementing consensus and scalability mechanisms constant. dung also lectures the national university vietnam. well teaching courses distributed systems, dung has published several papers bandwidth measurement and estimation, and the author two textbooks, operation systems and computer networks holds phd computer science from the university texas. gael vo, product manager gael designs, develops, and manages new innovative financial products constant, including remittance, loans, salary, invoicing, and many others. prior constant, worked financial engineer bnp paribas where created new framework replace and centralize complex applications, enabling users and other developers control the system independently. gael holds dual master's degree computer science and telecommunications from institut national des sciences appliquees lyon, and mba finance from simon business school new york. mba intern five star bank, gael developed automation layer within loan management that cut processing time gael hopes create the future banking emerging economies. bao le, infrastructure bao works the infrastructure layer constant, integrating both on-chain and off-chain components such the consensus protocol, privacy-preserving zero-knowledge proofs, and monetary policy algorithms. prior constant, bao built highly scalable systems for emerging markets, including viettel group, vietnam's largest mobile network operator, where scaled their products for subscribers, and central group, thailand's number retail and service group business. bao leverages his deep knowledge peer-to-peer applications, cryptography, game theory, and network applications build highly scalable systems that quantify performance, availability, and extensibility each line code. thai bao continues acquire new cryptography techniques, knowledge computer networks, and regularly researches existing networks improve, find, and integrate new protocols and solutions. bill pelletier, e-commerce bill works integrating constant payment method for major e-commerce retailers. prior constant, bill worked closely with some the world's biggest e-commerce retailers, including amazon, overstock, target, wayfair and home depot. before that, developed the investment portfolio major bank private banker, and has also advised multiple high profile clients mergers acquisition, trust estates, and provided litigation support. ning tan, community, south east asia ning works getting constant into the hands million people south east asia. she specializes creating and clarifying concepts, distilling meaning and building useful things. prior constant, ning was the director communications autonomous, where she loved helping people over countries find ways work smarter. she has also created voices for variety iot products, eager robots, decentralized applications, and very clever brain from the military. working closely with teams and communities from the usa, europe, hong kong, philippines, vietnam, singapore and indonesia, she has spent years easing the integration disruptive tech and considers herself lucky have been exposed multiple diverse perspectives. while conducting postgraduate research the university oxford, she mapped patterns human thinking, piecing together the refrain questions that drive the birth revolutions. ning also leads double life amateur ceramicist. justin lucas, community, latin america justin works getting constant people mexico, venezuela, bolivia, argentina, and soon, other countries latin america. prior constant, justin was the general manager autonomous north america, where launched and scaled autonomous the and canada. throughout his time living and working the uk, hawaii, japan, vietnam and the us, understands the need borderless currency. key advisors tran, vice president, goldman sachs mr. tran, cfa, has been the forefront technology and finance over the last years, holding positions electronic trading and risk management goldman sachs. led several innovative efforts overhaul old ways doing finance, including automation, simulation and machine learning. mr. tran currently working project bring structured and complex financial products step closer the general public. tien nguyen, engineering manager, essential tien has built some this decade's most important products. built mobile payments for emerging markets google and payment hardware and software solutions for smb businesses square. tien also built the android app uber. currently leading app development essential. minh doan, co-founder, harmony minh doan worked google's assistant, play and plus for years and holds the patent for "publisher click-ring fraud detector" google. was former champion usa computing olympiad open and many other informatics olympiads. minh was doctoral candidate algorithms and distributed systems the university california, irvine. has master's degree computer science and applied mathematics from moscow state university. his research paper, "an effective ant-based algorithm for the degree-constrained minimum spanning tree problem", was published ieee congress evolutionary computation. entity: the trust vault purpose constant cannot minted from thin air. every constant that circulates the market must backed tangible asset, held audited trust vault, managed independent trust company. assets initially, the trust vault will accept single asset type the dollar, because its creditworthiness, price stability, and especially its liquidity. gradually, multiple asset types will enabled and introduced the trust vault. potential assets fall broadly among these types: cryptocurrencies (btc, eth) tokenized commodities such gold dgx cryptobullion, aucoin) tokenized real estate and rental properties harbor rex, real, smartre, reidao, estate coin, realcoin) tokenized stock, bonds, and other financial instruments tokenized fine art (maecenas) tokenized company shares (polymath) examination the dollar escrow balance the trust vault examined monthly registered public accounting firm, order verify the peg and provide frequent, transparent reports all users the system. direct banking while the constant system builds and provides all utilities, users only ever transact directly with the bank the independent trust company. the constant foundation never touches their funds. implementation the constant system designates prime trust, independent technology-driven trust company, manage the reserve vault. chartered, regulated financial institution, prime trust overseen the banking commissioner's office the financial institutions division trust company, prime trust holds cash and non-cash assets such stocks, bonds, bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies, tokens, real estate, and private business ownership interests. the prime trust team has deep experience all facets trust operations, banking, securities regulations, and governmental affairs. entity: the decentralized payment network purpose the decentralized payment network responsible for handling all payments the constant system. uses distributed ledger technology (blockchain), digital innovation that reinvents payments, clearing, and settlement processes reducing operational and financial inefficiencies payment systems. the blockchain, collectively maintained and secured users the system, presents safer, more efficient, and more decentralized alternative the classic double-entry book keeping maintained central authority. distributed ledger technology distributed ledger technology remarkable alternative the existing financial infrastructure. terms efficiency, eliminates intermediaries and their ridiculous markups, and allows peer-to-peer direct transactions. terms finality, provides immutable record that cannot altered retrospectively. terms speed, settlement can near real time. terms safety, uses cryptographic proofs without central authority trusted third party. the decentralized payment network provides: ubiquity universal access for everyone (personal, business, non-profit, the unbanked) for multiple use cases, with cross-border functionality. safety secure system that holds immutable records with cryptographic integrity without central authority trusted third party. speed near real-time clearance and settlement transactions. low cost elimination intermediaries and centralized monolithic infrastructure costs. convenience easy access with just internet connection. finality irreversible peer-to-peer settlements transactions, immutably recorded ledger that cannot altered retrospectively. implementation the decentralized payment network built top ethereum, decentralized platform that runs smart contracts: applications that run exactly programmed without any possibility downtime, censorship, fraud third-party interference. this framework supports various programs (or smart contracts) that enable minting constant, burning constant, transferring constant among the users the system, and maintaining the trust vault. function: conducting monetary policy initially, the constant foundation sets and runs the constant system monetary policy. over time, decision-making power will decentralized and distributed constant holders. constant monetary policy conducted with two goals mind: achieve stable prices. maximize meaningful adoption constant everyday life. order achieve these two goals, the constant system implements dual-token model. the constant stablecoin the main utility token the system, and the growth token linked the future growth the constant system, reward users for their contribution the system. pegged the dollar constant pegged the most stable, most usable currency the world. one constant always equals one dollar, and easily switched for usd any time. fees the constant system charges fees transfer, purchase and conversion services. this income used cover the cost those services, including gas payments the ethereum network, legal fees, and operation expenses for maintaining the trust vault. the first release constant will launched the and vietnam with extremely competitive fees. the operations team working towards similarly friendly fees for the rest the world. function: managing the trust vault the trust vault comprises set fully audited, independent escrow accounts. one the most widely used legal vehicles for third party funds management, escrow accounts enable regular attestations and strong legal protection for constant holders. our legal framework enables users exchange usd directly with constant escrow accounts. the constant system cannot touch the funds. when purchasing constant converting usd, users send receive usd straight from constant escrow accounts, managed independent trust company partners. constant designates licensed trust companies securely hold the funds backing constant. for increased security and avoid any potential conflicts interest, constant does not and will not have access control over any escrowed funds. minting new constant constant become legitimate alternative fiat, must similarly stay keeping with world regulations. purchase constant, users must first pass kyc/aml check. once complete, they are able deposit their usd directly into the escrowed trust vault accredited trust company that operates independently from constant. once funds reach the trust vault, the custodian's api instructs the system's smart contract mint the equivalent constant, which then sent straight the user's public ethereum address. this separation entities integral ensuring the long-term stability the system. additional security feature, users' funds will continue held safely this independent escrow account, inaccessible both the constant system and the impartial third party. burning switch constant usd, users must also have completed kyc/aml verification. constant tokens can then sent the constant smart contract, which burns those tokens, removing them from circulation, and automates the return the equivalent usd from the escrowed trust vault. this way, the constant system has access any user funds, and the independent financial institution can only enable the movement constant and usd through trustless escrow accounts. funds guarantee these escrow accounts are security guaranteed and covered $,, usd. all funds your account are fdic insured. function: handling payments and settlements safely and efficiently the most important function the constant system manage the payment system. the constant system uses distributed ledger technology (blockchain) its payment system, reducing expense and bypassing typical wait times and geographical borders. details every transaction are recorded this public ledger. using either searchable transaction (txhash) the ethereum wallet addresses either sender recipient, anyone able quickly pull the value the relevant transaction, the time which occurred, and any fees paid the ethereum miners for processing the transaction and securing the network (gas). addresses and keys each constant user has one more constant address(es). constant address -byte address digits and characters, generated from public key. address can used receive funds send out funds. address could controlled either single signature k-out-of-n multiple signatures transactions enabling and securing transactions are foundational the constant system. the system primarily designed ensure that transactions can created, propagated the network, validated, and finally added the ledger. transactions are data packages that encode the transfer value information between users the constant network. the system, different transactions perform different tasks. some transaction types simply transfer value between users; others transfer information, such voting multisig, with without value, between them. state transition system blockchains like bitcoin ethereum are essentially transaction-based state transition systems. for example, transfer transaction bitcoins moves the bitcoin network from state constant can also thought transaction-based state transition system. begins with the genesis state and incrementally executes transactions arrive the next state. note that, while the state crucial component the network, not stored the blockchain. only transactions are stored the blockchain. the state often stored memory fast key-value database such leveldb blocks multiple transactions are packaged into block and multiple blocks are cryptographically chained together. this what constitutes the blockchain. each block written into the blockchain immutable record, based upon the consensus the users the network. transactions that are packaged into block are final and irreversible. function: promoting adoption constant everyday life constant moves faster and more freely than fiat. designed for security and transparency, and built for flexibility, practicality and cost-efficiency. this upgraded money both currency and infrastructure, easily integrated into both life and code. addressed users below broad outline realistic use cases constant, well the role the constant foundation will play facilitating those use cases. the constant foundation responsible for: easing meaningful adoption the constant stablecoin for use personal business capacities. building tools enable developers design new online and offline payment services. supporting them creating solutions that previously could not exist, due the limitations existing financial structures. developing the first group applications help users get more out constant, and blueprints for other developers begin building their own decentralized applications with constant. for personal fast international payments sending constant across the world easier than walking your cash across the street, and much faster than relying the traditional banking system. constant doesn't make you wait business days, charge extra fees for making international transfer, and doesn't dictate minimum maximum amounts you can send. security and complete control over your money constant transactions are secured military-grade cryptography, nobody can take your money make payment your behalf. the blockchain immutable, one can alter previous transaction dispute occurrence. constant designed for freedom, peace mind and autonomy. zero low fees banks typically charge between receive international transfers. there are zero fees involved when receiving constant, matter how far has travelled. when comes sending constant, fees are low and fixed, regardless amount. this means that there are transaction limits, and that sending constant costs the same sending mobile payments made easy the constant payment system available via mobile web, there need download app. simply scan pay, display the code representing your account address the other party, they can scan and complete the transaction. works everywhere, any time like email, it's protocol. the constant system never sleeps, takes weekends off and the tens thousands miners that sustain the system don't take bank holidays. make any payment transaction, all that needed the account address the receiver. any erc compatible software, wallet, exchange can receive it. for business protection against fraud credit cards, paypal, even ach encounter problems with chargebacks and reversed payments. constant payments are irreversible and secure, meaning that the cost fraud minimized for businesses. fast international payments paying supplier china, freelancer london, local vendor new york costs the same low fee, and takes the same amount time mere minutes matter the amount destination. constant enables unlimited transfers unlimited amounts, anywhere the world, you and your business can move quicker. zero low fees costs you nothing receive constant, compared the international transfer fee that banks typically charge. for outward payments, constant replaces the standard international wiring fee with low, fixed fee. that matter the size location your business finances, you remain time and cost efficient possible. multi-signature constant also offers more complex solutions for larger organizations. multi-signature scheme allows constant spent only denoted subset people collectively authorize the transaction. businesses can also lock requirements place and automate payments when those requirements are fulfilled, eliminating anxiety and needless back and forth. for example, large transaction over constant can executed only after both ceo and cfo have digitally signed off it. online payments adding constant additional payment option your ecommerce site straightforward. there are many party payment processing services that support erc and provide stable apis. offline payments accepting offline payments simple scanning code. you can use any digital wallet scan the code from any wallet your customer happens have, long they both support the common erc standard. for traders hedging constant prices are immune pump and dumps, and remain stable matter how volatile the cryptocurrency market is. converting your other cryptocurrencies like btc and eth into constant when the market downwards trending, you can hedge against uncertainty and volatility and protect the value your assets. alternative traditional currency deposit use constant alternative traditional fiat deposit and withdrawal methods for lower fees and faster transaction processing times. convert your fiats into constant without exposure the volatility btc eth. for developers your own bank. your own payment gateway. you don't need approval from bank payment processor. you can just boot node and become your own. the flexibility constant allows you build products, systems and your best ideas any way you like, for any customer client. simple yet powerful programming model the blockchain programming model ensures that you longer have store customer information your server and responsible for protecting it. the chain itself the most secure database, immutable and protected from any single point failure. all private keys are stored and managed users the client side. taking payments simple few api calls the blockchain via the web.js library integrate into your existing web sites apps since constant erc token, you can seamlessly integrate constant into your existing web and mobile apps via commonly used tools like metamask easily tap into the active user base the dynamic ethereum ecosystem. function: create ui/ux guidelines for decentralized applications built with constant constant designed for useability and real world practicality. hope that one day constant will integrated seamlessly into daily use. describe the first many practical use cases and applications constant the preceding sections, but for these use cases work scale, need establish empathetic design system that never alienates. the product design team the constant foundation working adapting familiar frameworks, words and behaviors better communicate new ideas and welcome new interactions. vocabulary don't cryptocurrency digital money blockchain public record -byte address email address performance some point the future, believe that the constant system will decentralized. are not there yet. asking user wait minutes for transaction confirmation minutes too long. the reality january that make the user's responsibility understand gas fees and navigate multiple disparate platforms buy the cents worth ether needed place simple vote, one will. and the decentralized democracy grinds halt. the constant foundation committed finding the ideal balance decentralization, that optimizes the user experience while still preserving the transparency, security and stability that will remain the very core the system. web here are some screenshots the initial release the constant system the web. mobile here are some screenshots the initial release the constant system mobile. open source code architecture constant open source https://github.com/constant-money its design public; the constant system built evolve with the community. the infrastructure layer, constant built top the ethereum network enable payments, and prime trust api, for escrow. the backend, constant includes number smart contracts for minting and burning constant. also includes off-chain components provide better ux. finally, includes set developer apis enable developers integrate constant into their products. the frontend, constant provides both web and mobile interfaces. hope that over time, more web and mobile apps will built with constant. conclusion the internet looked nothing like what have today. blockchain's happening right now. the volatility currencies like bitcoin and ether have attracted attention the rapidly developing, increasingly divisive crypto sphere populating with bright-eyed developers and early adopters, alongside majority speculators and traders. there great deal evolution come before crypto proves ultimately useful. the volatility that characterizes the current landscape has also made the prevalent narrative financial revolution unconvincing best. for crypto the new money, should feel secure spending it, saving it, and getting paid it. needs hold its value. the constant system designed meet these essential conditions, open bigger possibilities, and bring the world closer together. pioneering stable global zone the crypto wild west, constant hopes lead the shift towards real world applicability. building freer and more useful money for anyone, anywhere, constant hopes help make the world round better. references andalfatto, fedcoin: the desirability government cryptocurrency blog post. barrdear, the macroeconomics central bank issued digital currencies. bank england staff working paper buterin, next generation smart contract decentralized application platform. https://github.com/ethereum/wiki/wiki/white-paper dowd, the experience free banking new york: routledge. dowd, new private monies. the institute economic affairs. fisher, compensated dollar. quarterly journal economics fisher, stabilizing the dollar. new york: macmillan. friedman, commodity-reserve currency. journal political economy friedman, program for monetary stability. bronx: fordham university press. hayek, free-market monetary system journal libertarian studies, volume number https://mises.org/daily/ hayek, denationalisation money. the institute economic affairs. https://mises.org/books/denationalisation.pdf jentzsch, decentralized autonomous organization https://download.slock.it/public/dao/whitepaper.pdf merkle, r.c. protocols for public key cryptosystems proc. symposium security and privacy, ieee computer society, pages nakamoto, bitcoin: peer-to-peer electronic cash system. www.bitcoin.org/bitcoin.pdf rogoff, costs and benefits phasing out paper currency presented nber macroeconomics annual conference. sams, note cryptocurrency stabilisation: seigniorage shares https://github.com/rmsams/stablecoins/blob/master/paper.pdf