contentbox empowering decentralized digital content ecosystem castbox.fm contentbox contents introduction problem statement blockchain-based ecosystem about castbox the foundation integration with castbox app mobile wallet box login in-app token-based reward system example applications beyond castbox content marketplace without middleman native mini crowdfunding launchpad decentralized "adsense" for content platforms cross-service on-demand video player technical architecture why new blockchain? design goals and principles box payout chain without virtual machine crypto contracts consensus mechanism box passport box unpack application interface turnkey solution related work sharding lighting network and raiden network plasma mimblewimble steem roadmap castbox.fm contentbox token distribution allocations use proceeds team risks castbox.fm contentbox introduction problem statement for over decade have witnessed explosive growth the digital content industry led variety web and mobile content platforms such reddit, youtube and spotify. has become indispensable part our modern daily life, with audio and video streaming constituting internet data traffic. however, the success and fairness the industry impeded several long standing challenges facing creators, consumers, advertisers, and distributors digital content. content creators struggle profit from their own creations. extremely difficult monetize one's created content online. many content platforms such youtube and instagram, users create all the content, from which platforms profit enormously selling advertisements. however, the vast majority creators are rarely compensated for their indispensable contributions these digital platforms. addition, when creators get paid for their content, layers intermediaries siphon off majority share. creators are weak position and lack bargaining power negotiate equitable monetization and payout terms. not surprising platforms take most the revenue and creators only collect small piece the pie. for instance, when song streamed, only about the sales income goes its creators, the bulk goes streaming service providers and record label owners. content consumers receive compensation for their contributions. consumers engage wide variety value-creating activities vital content platforms, but are never financially rewarded. curation: users spend valuable time interacting with platform content (e.g., liking, voting, flagging and commenting), filtering low quality from high quality content and receive payments for their participatory work. they are commercially exploited powerful platforms (e.g., youtube) the expense users unknowingly providing free services. share: sharing within outside content platform (e.g., sharing youtube video with followers youtube facebook) brings more visibility content and attracts more traffic the platform. attention: the internet flooded with all types digital content with greatly varying qualities. therefore, content longer scarce, per se, but user's attention is. user spending limited attention content, including advertisements, valuable. aggressive competition between content platforms. since key user information and content locked their proprietary data silos, it's nearly impossible for the content platforms build mutual trust, which often leads fierce competition the digital content industry. not uncommon that see big content platforms bid for copyrights popular content with insanely high prices, driving the cost the bid winner and the same time, leaving the small and medium-sized platforms choice but turn low quality pirated content. and usually these surging cost will transferred end-users through longer times higher subscription castbox.fm contentbox fees, eventually degrading the user experience. blockchain-based ecosystem our solution the problems mentioned above the contentbox platform, which aims build blockchain-based ecosystem for the digital content industry tomorrow. under contentbox, the whole industry will gain three invaluable features: shared content pool, shared user pool, and unified payout system. unlike traditional open platforms such the app store wechat open platform the contentbox platform fully decentralized, autonomous, and driven the open source community instead industry platform giant. contentbox will help various web and mobile applications share digital content and user bases more efficient ways than before, and process payments swiftly without ceding control third party. principle, contentbox designed benefit all stakeholders the content industry including but not limited to, creators, consumers, advertisers, distributors, and application developers. contentbox allows them collaborate, innovate, build, engage and transact with new generation digital content applications that play fair terms within the ecosystem. for content creators, contentbox's payout system will allow them get rewards every time their content consumed, motivating them create more diverse and higher quality content. top creators the most popular content still reap big rewards while everyone else now receives compensation proportion their content popularity. addition, contentbox will connect creators directly with their consumers streamlining and automating business transactions without intermediaries chipping away creator's revenue share. for consumers, they will rewarded with tokens according their contributions. those contributions can social sharing, voting commenting content, reporting spam content, long they are beneficial and add value the platform. they can spend their tokens content consumption, like viewing movie streaming song. user has stake the success the platform, they will put more effort and research into curating and advocating for it, evidenced the rise bitcoin. advertisers also will benefit from the new ecosystem. with contentbox, advertisers can tap into shared advertisement statistics ledger and pay actual advertisement viewership automated smart contracts, instead relying opaque statistics reported distributors. since the ledger open, they can audit and verify and have peace mind. this can help them build unified and coherent marketing strategy, instead running paralleled campaigns different platforms. furthermore, they can lower spending leveraging token-based bounty program. https://open.weixin.qq.com/ castbox.fm contentbox for distribution platforms and social networks, they can together build shared content and user ledger which benefits everyone lowering the traffic acquisition cost and purchase cost. they can focus improving user experience instead competing with each other. for application developers, they can leverage contentbox's blockchain-enabled token, the decentralized payment infrastructure and the identity services build applications with better user experience and stronger monetization ability. overall, opening the black box our digital content industry today, the whole industry, including all stakeholders, can flourish with cooperation and transparency collaboratively building new content economy. foster the collaboration all stakeholders, contentbox will introduce new token, named box, which will play key role the ecosystem's economy. about castbox castbox one the most popular mobile audio platforms across the globe, ranked news magazines google play (figure along with topbuzz and twitter. pioneered in-audio search deliver contextual recommendations for listeners podcasts, on-demand radio, and audiobooks. today, castbox has about employees with offices beijing, san francisco, new york, and hong kong. figure rank news magazines, google play, usa (source: app annie) founded early ex-googler, the application currently has over million+ volumes castbox.fm contentbox audio content available, with over million installed users. also the winner google global android excellence program the most entertaining best apps google play and number other awards. castbox listed editors' choice google play's countries. the foundation non-profit organization, contentbox foundation limited ("the foundation"), has been established oversee productive and positive growth the new ecosystem the contentbox platform. the foundation will administer use the proceeds and ensure healthy circulation the box token. the ultimate goal the contentbox platform build fully decentralized and autonomous ecosystem for the digital content industry, governance and operation the foundation will kept transparent possible. the long run, the foundation will transformed into totally software defined organization. the founding member the foundation, castbox will pioneer the transition from centralized app decentralized blockchain-based app and introduce box its tens millions users help improve their experience and enjoyment with creating, consuming, and distributing digital content. the near future, castbox will also open source the vast majority its currently proprietary codebase after box successfully integrated into the app, encouraging the open source community drive the evolution the contentbox platform. technical architecture why new blockchain? the digital content industry has unique requirements which warrant developing dedicated blockchain. high frequency. the digital content industry quite different from the payment e-commerce world terms action frequency. typically person transfers his money buy/sells goods more than several times day. but digital content platform, not uncommon for user stream song, watch movie clip, and tip article author within few minutes. clearly expect much larger transaction volumes the digital content world serving millions users. this requires the underlying blockchain support high transaction throughput, potentially hundreds even thousands transactions per second. high bar for privacy protection. the appeal public blockchain such ethereum partially lies its transparency: all smart contracts are stored publicly every node and are independently auditable. however, users digital content platforms often prefer have confidential castbox.fm contentbox transactions. podcast creator would not want his income information streamed parties outside the transaction. privacy for competitive and regulatory reasons even more critical for enterprise user transactions. furthermore, the visibility increasingly complex smart contracts brings severe security risks demonstrated the dao and parity prevalence micropayments. expected the majority content transactions will transfer small denominations. for example, user supports content creators with small donations, they pay for access premium content like watching episode popular show. the industry needs frictionless micropayment solution foster vibrant and healthy community. this translates blockchain with minimal even zero transaction fees. evidently, current mainstream blockchains, such bitcoin and ethereum, are not natural fit for the digital content industry. consequently, leaves choice but find novel solutions and build light-weight yet scalable blockchain. admittedly, many nascent projects are claiming they can solve the problems above, but none them has proven mature production onboarded enough users and developers form scalable, self-growing ecosystem. address the aforementioned challenges, propose architecture consisting three main components: box payout. fast and secure blockchain carry out multiparty contingent payments. box passport. blockchain-based identity and attribution service across multiple applications. box unpack. turn-key solution for small and medium-sized partners setup content platform easily and quickly. elaborate the components above the following sections. design goals and principles before delving into the details the core components, would like introduce the goals and principles considered the design the contentbox platform. concise, the major design goals the contentbox architecture are: scale when content and users grow rapidly. support most common smart contracts for the content industry. protect transaction privacy. support micropayments. easily integrate with existing applications. https://www.coindesk.com/dao-attacked-code-issue-leads--million-ether-theft/ https://cointelegraph.com/news/lessons-from-parity-attack castbox.fm contentbox figure overview contentbox architecture conceptually, all the above goals can achieved designing more powerful, fully-functional, evm(ethereum virtual machine)-compliant blockchain. however, contentbox plans take the approach not building monolithic blockchain. the design contentbox follows the unix philosophy: building large system top series simple, modular, and reliable small parts, which can easily debugged and upgraded. addition, contentbox attempts make the whole system friendly developers throughout its design. ecosystem cannot successful just because its technological superiority; more importantly, needs win the hearts and minds users and developers. therefore, another principle applied throughout contentbox avoid reinventing the wheel whenever possible and reuse proven, widely-used, state-of-the-art technology stacks. castbox.fm contentbox another important principle keep concepts orthogonal. our goal not build multipurpose blockchain that's difficult build and hard implement. additionally, not want two components sharing common functionalities, which could confuse application developers. orthogonality makes easier reason about what happens when things combine. box payout chain without virtual machine box payout not blockchain that supports general purpose turing-complete virtual machine. the main purpose the box payout blockchain support fast and secure conditional transactions which are great importance digital content world. undoubtedly, turing-complete virtual machine similar ethereum virtual machine ("evm") can carry out arbitrary conditional transactions and ensure its execution and results, but may not always the optimal solution. figure traditional on-chain smart contract. applications interact with blockchain through evm simple example conditional transactions the digital content area shown previously involving user, piece content, and platform. enforce such multiparty payout, one can write smart contract govern the token transfer each party, let the evm execute and validate the result. castbox.fm contentbox obviously, this very resource-intensive approach. with the diversity content comes the diversity smart contracts, thus bringing heavy burden the blockchain. this because every contract will executed for every message every node. but luckily, the advancements made cryptographic research and work spearheaded andrew poelstra, scientist blockstream, point alternative way achieve the same goal without virtual machine, which call crypto contracts: crypto contracts essentially, crypto contracts are kind smart contracts that can translated into series crypto primitives. developers can also think them off-chain smart contracts. since the birth ethereum, smart contracts have been indispensable part for many blockchain projects. however, most contracts need only one thing from the blockchain: immutable ordering commitments prevent double-spending. therefore, instead using complex and resource intensive smart contracts align the interests stakeholders and automate payment related transactions, can aggregate simple signatures achieve the same goal, but with much higher performance. figure off-chain smart contract. applications interact with blockchain directly basically, set parties can decide some sort contract protocol that they want execute, and result faithful execution they will produce valid signature and the blockchain and its verifiers can validate that the signature valid. the blockchain does not need know any the details the original transaction. using signature itself witness, the bulk transactions can moved off-chain and leave the blockchain what really good at: check multi-signature. other words, smart contract can compiled into series cryptographic primitives; when someone signs castbox.fm contentbox and validate ordinary transaction with these primitives, holds that smart contract that not hosted the blockchain still executes faithfully. crucial piece this approach schnorr signature unlike ecdsa signatures, schnorr signature has linearity its math, which makes ideal for creating "adaptor signature" that can used settling off-chain transactions automatically. replacing the signatures embedded each input with aggregated single signature, blockchain can save large amount disk spaces and become very lightweight, yet more powerful than before. consider simple case: alice wants stream online movie owned bob, and she would like pay bob box exchange for one-time access key the movie. now suppose bob embeds the access key secret and the process that alice gets can described follows: figure alice pays bob gain movie access key with adaptor signature alice and bob construct joint key j(a, where h(h(pa ||pb )||pa h(h(pa ||pb )||pb (pa are public keys) alice and bob share (random nonce points); bob calculates and gives technology roadmap schnorr signatures and signature aggregation https://bitcoincore.org/en////schnorr-signature-aggregation/ castbox.fm contentbox alice alice and bob therefore agree random challenge h(j(a, b)||ra ||m) denotes hash algorithm, and these two steps not shown the figure) bob provides adaptor signature (shown the upper-right corner the figure, the private key for alice verifies: ok, alice sends bob her signature: (xa the private key for bob completes, atomically releasing first, construct then combine: sign the transaction and broadcast blockchain, then alice sees alice subtracts: (rb (rb consensus mechanism further improve the scalability the box payout blockchain and make mobile-friendly, derivation proof stake ("pos"), named proof network effect ("pone") will adopted the major consensus mechanism. pos category consensus mechanism for public blockchains which depends validator's proportion the total number tokens the network. proof work ("pow") based public blockchains, the algorithm rewards participants who solve cryptographic puzzles order validate transactions and create new blocks. pos-based public blockchains, set validators take turns proposing and voting the next block, and the weight each validator's vote depends the size its stake. because the specific domain the contentbox platform serving, pone has also been added top plain pos. the probability being selected validator will depend the amount the validator's deposit, the content creation and consumption that particular node. together with pos, the score node being selected validator will follow: denotes the score node the stake node the contribution score node, affected the quantity and frequency content contribution related this node the weight value largely like the impact factor used academia order perform mining the blockchain box payout, nodes will bonded the protocol and make security deposit. every round the block creation, list ordered validators will castbox.fm contentbox selected randomly with the score stated the formula above. the first selected validator offline and can not perform the validation, the second will substitute and take its place. significant advantages this consensus mechanism include security, reduced risk centralization, and energy efficiency. transaction throughput will also improved and will greatly affect the user experience when consuming the content. for example, when piece audio played, the time should recorded, and the relevant payment, either from advertising subscription, should instantaneously distributed back their right holders. this the whole premise for building box payout. since the contentbox platform targeting the digital content consumption market which usually happens mobile nowadays, essentially targeting large distributed validator population with minimal resource consumption. the potential nodes will established mobile devices, given the consumption pattern set forth above. the computation power may not strong, while the quantity nodes could number the hundreds millions. this builds the foundation for using pos without the concern the initial distribution token. box passport with the growth the ecosystem the contentbox platform, plethora content applications are expected built top it. single user shall have consistent identity across all applications, instead having create independent identity for each them. therefore, contentbox will introduce powerful decentralized interoperable identity service called "box passport". allows user transact frictionlessly across multiple apps websites with single digital identity and will enhance the user's privacy, security and control well. box passport establishes this identity extending the wallet concept store personal information such reputation alongside token account. this identify service not stored any application's centralized databases and inherently decentralized, thus less vulnerable hacks. users have full control over their identity and decide who can access which part for how long. furthermore, box passport will bind creator his artworks transparently and permanently, which helps him build ongoing reputation the digital content world. based box passport, will introduce new feature for the ecosystem, named box login, and will open every developer the community. similar facebook login concept, box login secure and convenient way for people sign into any website, desktop app mobile application the contentbox ecosystem. however, box login implemented the blockchain and will not controlled any single company organization, which will set apart from any today's third-party authentication system. castbox.fm contentbox third party identity services such keybase and uport will possibly integrated into the identity service for broader interoperability. box unpack application interface box unpack the application interface contentbox, including series libraries, sdks, command line and web-based tools aiming assist potential partners and general developers build nextgeneration digital content applications. unlike ethereum, box unpack does not require the developers learn new programming language write smart contracts, instead, allows the developers integrate blockchain related services easily and intuitively with familiar languages: java, go, python, etc. the major functionalities box unpack include: sign and log with box passport, build and commit transactions box payout, upload and register digital contents, account migration and aggregation, and set tools manage content the blockchain. particular, box unpack also encapsulates few ai-based algorithms developed in-house castbox into reusable modules which can help developers implement some advanced features decentralized application: in-audio search. this novel search technology recently introduced castbox that allows users find content he/she wants hear more efficient way. traditionally, audio search implemented crawling tags and title descriptions which are often manipulated some savvy podcasters (we can see similar things occurred app store seo). but castbox implements new way: uses its natural language processing (nlp) algorithm transcribe spoken audio content, combined with machine learning surface personalized results tailored each user's search and listening habits. using this technology, contentbox application developers can develop fast and intelligent search engine which can help users discover interesting contents across multiple digital content platforms. deep learning based recommendation engine. the recommendation engine castbox built the basis wide deep model used google play along with denoising autoencoder developed house. compared with traditional recommendation models, deep learning techniques provide better understanding user's demands and high-quality recommendations. leveraging this technology, combined with the blockchain libraries provided box unpack, developers can build unprecedented recommendation engine for every user the contentbox platform. https://keybase.io/ https://www.uport.me/ https://arxiv.org/abs/. castbox.fm contentbox turnkey solution addition the developer tools mentioned above, box unpack also provides turnkey solution for small startups who want provide digital content services users but lack funding technology set full-fledged online platform. imagine small team wanting create better video app with outstanding player they just built. their first challenge overcoming high copyrights purchasing costs. with this turnkey solution, the team can overcome said copyright hurdle setting revenuesharing scheme easily without programming any smart contract. believe this turnkey solution will dramatically lower the barrier entry for potential partners join and grow contentbox. related work there are plethora projects currently working solve scalability and privacy issues current blockchains. unfortunately, none them can directly applied solve the unique challenges contentbox aims overcome. nevertheless, there are many potential techniques leveraged, and are actively monitoring their progress. sharding similar database sharding traditional database software systems, such mysql, sharding blockchain approach improve system scalability. the key idea split the overall state the chain into different shards, and each shard only processes small part the state and does parallel many blockchain developers see sharding promising approach solve blockchain's scalability problem, and many blockchain projects have based their solution this technology. however, are little bit more conservative regarding its full-fledged implementation the main net the near future. basically, sharding, the blockchain wants create network where every node only processes small portion all transactions, while still maintaining high security. fast and secure solution for this problem not easy find because transaction executed the blockchain can depend any part the previous state the blockchain, which makes difficult things parallel. and inter-shard messaging compounds the complexity. overall, believe sharding still has long way before becoming widely accepted solution scale the blockchain. will pay close attention the progress this area but will not use core technology our solution for now. https://github.com/ethereum/wiki/wiki/sharding-faq castbox.fm contentbox lighting network and raiden network basically, both the lightning and raiden networks rely off-chain state channels. the core idea here that participants put some bitcoin ether into multi-signature address, open payment channel and then sign transactions without submitting the blockchain. payment channels can organized into network and thus payment between two parties can conducted through multiple hops. the payment channel can closed either party any time, and the last-signed transaction with the most up-to-date balances for both parties the one that will committed the blockchain. both these two approaches can increase transaction throughput and lower fees effectively their respective environment (one for bitcoin and the other for ethereum) properly implemented. however, there are still some limitations practice. for instance, all participants transaction need lock some tokens on-chain until the channel closed, thus discouraging usage the payment network. plasma plasma one the most promising proposals for scaling smart contract computations the blockchain. with plasma, the blockchains are composed into tree hierarchy, and each branch treated blockchain with its own history and computations that are map-reducible. therefore, the root chain only needs handle small amount merkleized commitments from child chains, which results high scalability. both authors plasma are masterminds the blockchain field, and they proposed novel solution the long standing problem current mainstream networks. ideally, will appropriate for the digital content industry and could serve the basis contentbox. however, this project still its infancy, and some critical challenges need addressed, such how handle attack occurring child chain. the plasma paper's solution moving participants another chain far from perfect moving funds smoothly cannot easily implemented and guaranteed. and their entire system smart contracts still prone potential security breaches. therefore, view plasma upgraded and improved ethereum which still requires time demonstrate production level capability, will refrain from using lay the groundwork for contentbox. mimblewimble mimblewimble new blockchain design proposed about year and half ago which can theoretically increase privacy, scalability and fungibility compared current main stream blockchains. the core https://lightning.network/ https://raiden.network/ http://plasma.io/ https://github.com/mimblewimble/grin castbox.fm contentbox idea that people can verify the state the system without downloading all the transaction data. instead, the chain can compact the transaction history efficiently and rely cryptographic primitives achieve full public verifiability (which very similar our solution). the project has made great progress recently launching testnet and integrating bulletproofs however, full node mimblewimble still needs lot space disk which makes unfriendly mobile devices. and arguably, the design stripping out the bitcoin's scripting system will make hard soft-forking and debilitate its power enforcing contingent payments which great importance the digital content industry. nevertheless, mimblewimble promising solution towards scaling blockchain and can borrow lot from its design and implementation. for example, the structure transactions, the cut-through used for packing block and its asic-resistant mining algorithm (cuckoo cycle) that encourages mining decentralization. steem steem blockchain for producing smart media tokens which facilitate decentralized blogging and social network: steemit design, steem leverages the delegated proof-of-stake (dpos) consensus protocol achieve high throughput transactions. addition, introduced several innovative builtin features, such reward pool, chainbase, and stake-based voting and incentivization mechanism support the operation steemit. generally, steem well-designed blockchain for social media platform with great performance and rich built-in features. however, infrastructure, steem too application-specific. while supporting the operation steemit well, the reward and voting system also limit the use steem applications other than social blogging. for example, mobile video app might not need voting action determine user's interest video clip; they can learn simply observing the user's behaviors like browsing, viewing, pausing, fast forwarding, etc. actually, many startups are using users' behavioral data and advanced algorithms curate and dispatch personalized contents. the basic design steem appears impressive but it's not suitable for the box core system. instead, prefer use the blockchain microkernel the whole system and restrict the rewarding voting components the application level improve flexibility. our architecture better way develop open-source ecosystem that lays the foundation for contentbox adoption the digital content industry. https://www.coindesk.com/magical-realism-mimblewimble-just-launched-first-testnet/ http://web.stanford.edu/~buenz/pubs/bulletproofs.pdf https://steemit.com/ castbox.fm contentbox integration with castbox app mobile wallet light wallet will integrated into castbox application. with the built-in wallet, user can instantly see his balances and transaction history while using the app, including token rewards for their contribution the castbox community. the future, the wallet will show balances across apps. popular mobile app, castbox logical host for mobile wallet box tokens. onboarding millions castbox users and building immediate online ecosystem, contentbox will avoid the cold start that plagues most startups. additionally, since castbox frequently used app, users will naturally interact with contentbox multiple times day and become familiar with crypto token related concepts. the long run, users become comfortable with box tokens and experience the benefits new blockchain-based system, they will accelerate other applications working with contentbox, growing and expanding the ecosystem players. figure in-app light wallet box login castbox will migrate the opt-in accounts onto the blockchain and grant users secure universal box once the box passport system production. after the migration, castbox's backend servers will longer store user account and credential information. instead, the app client will access the blockchain retrieve and verify user's identity during the sign-in process. using box passport will bring benefits castbox's operator well its end-users. given that user authentication and authorization moved from the app's servers public blockchain, the operator longer burdened with manually guarding against hacker attacks user information. the other hand, the app users also gain back control their own data, mitigating the risk personal data breaches. castbox.fm contentbox in-app token-based reward system along with the light wallet, token-based reward system will built into castbox well. the reward system serves mainly two goals: incentivize authors create more valuable content and motivate users curate and spread good content. for example, listener finds interesting podcast castbox, submits comment, and then shares with his friends social networks (such facebook twitter), will receive box tokens rewards. users can also gain tokens for helping filter spams. spamming challenge for every online community and results reduced user experience not efficiently controlled. usually digital content platform owners solve this problem hiring more figure earn box flagging spam moderators invest the researching and deploying ai-based algorithms for automatically filtering spam. however, both these approaches are costly and inefficient practice. through the built-in incentive system, castbox users receive rewards for proactively flagging low-quality content. example applications beyond castbox when developers use box unpack and box passport, many new applications are created and deployed the contentbox platform. the digital content open source software community we're fostering brings potentially unlimited use case possibilities. here are few high-level examples: content marketplace without middleman control content distribution concentrated few centralized marketplaces such itunes and google play. these marketplaces unilaterally determine how creators are paid. result, the vast majority creators globally are greatly underpaid, paid all. contentbox allows for open, fair, and creator-centric decentralized marketplace that enjoys many advantages over centralized one. castbox.fm contentbox lower fees. since there hyper-scale digital platform company between creators and consumers, taking big cut, more revenue will flow creators. more liquidity. the music industry, for example, could take six eighteen months after song released before the artist receives the first royalty check. our new digital marketplace, artist can paid automatically tradable built-in tokens while her song streams anywhere the world. more transparency. since all critical information logged public blockchain, artist knows exactly how many times and when her song streamed and how much revenue was generating. native mini crowdfunding launchpad traditionally, content creators have very few ways fund their creative projects and rely powerful intermediaries such music labels and film studios, which take significant cut the whole pie. with contentbox, creators can raise funding truly independently. filmmaker can pre-sell tokens fans fund independent film, which grant them access the film once made. the crowdfunding smart contract can also include advanced features. for instance, fans can share portion the film revenue per their tokens. fans can specify funds gradually released, contingent upon reaching production milestones. the same applies other forms creative endeavors such music and shows. crowdfunding within the contentbox ecosystem can leverage the network effect large captive user base, which more likely support digital content projects than users other crowdfunding platforms. also, these native tokens can utilized frictionlessly the contentbox blockchain without the additional cash out hurdles running external crowdfunding campaign. decentralized "adsense" for content platforms adsense program run google that allows publishers the google network content sites serve automatic text multimedia advertisements, that are targeted site content and audience. the contentbox platform, can run similar program adsense which will facilitate transactions between advertisers and content publishers. but unlike google adsense, this program based public blockchains instead central giant platform like google. advertising inventory can organized decentralized file system like ipfs, and the dispatch engine can developed leveraging the modules provided box unpack. and the monetization and payments can made via box payout. compared with google adsense, this decentralized program can provide more transparent and reliable service. without central authority, all parties enjoy more flexibility; advertisers pay less fees, and publishers receive higher remuneration. castbox.fm contentbox cross-service on-demand video player usually media player just desktop mobile software that can decode many multimedia file formats. however, new type player can developed the contentbox platform. besides the function play video clip user's device, this new player can allow its users search wide range digital movies registered contentbox platform, although they will potentially hosted different server farms owned various partners contentbox. while streaming, the player can also collect box tokens real-time and automatically distribute them among the copyright owners, streaming platform and storage providers according pre-defined smart contract. the core functionality this new player interact with our box payout and box passport. aided these core components contentbox, the player can tap into the vast shared pool genuine contents and enhance the user experience video-on-demand greatly. without the infrastructure provided contentbox, this innovative software idea would inconceivable. roadmap the castbox and the contentbox platform technical roadmaps include the following milestones: castbox team founded castbox for android launched castbox for ios launched deep in-audio search feature launched token sale token integrated into castbox app launch box passport (alpha version) testnet box payout online launch box payout mainnet token distribution the native digital cryptographically-secured utility token the contentbox platform (box) major component the ecosystem the contentbox platform, and designed used solely the platform. before the official launch the native blockchain the contentbox platform, box will initially issued erc- standard compatible digital tokens the ethereum blockchain. once the main net box payout online and stable, the erc token gets converted the chain token -for- basis. castbox.fm contentbox allocations percentage usage detail pre-sale target selected institutional investors, with locking period months. team rewards for in-house r&d team and open-source contributors with -year vesting period. ecosystem incentives incentivize all participants the ecosystem, such the creators, the audiences, the individual investors, the platform, etc. foundation protect the box token from speculative trading and fund the operations the foundation. partnership fund the bounty program and build partnership with other audio/video websites mobile apps. use proceeds percentage item r&d marketing promotion legal, auditing, and compliance general administrative team renee wang founder and ceo castbox. renee founded castbox and has spearheaded the meteoric rise the company over the past two years. throughout this period, she has not only built global team talents but has closed more than million dollars worth investments. renee was part the global mobile advertisement team for google beijing, google dublin and google japan. she was the employee and android engineer umeng, china-based startup acquired alibaba, and was one the earliest android developers renee holds bachelor's degree psychology from peking university. castbox.fm contentbox gang chief crypto officer and contentbox cto. gang serial entrepreneur, system architect and full-stack engineer with more than decade experience building web and mobile applications. earned his master's degree computer science from peking university also earned his mba from duke university. was previously partner and cto miles, leading mobile e-commerce app with millions daily active users. alex co-founder castbox and cto. from mr. has worked motorola, borqs, and xiaomi, with focus the linux/java/android mobile software research and development. since has been engaged the research and development android mobile technology and was one the earliest android developers china. mr. joined the founder institute peking university after graduation, working software research and development the field multimedia. mr. has managed r&d teams numbering the hundreds. also, active open source developer github. peking university class dr. xiaohui liu blockchain scientist. former research scientist facebook, designing and implementing distributed protocol for next generation wireless mesh networks. dr. liu has years research and development experience distributed networking protocols. also owns patent and papers international premier conferences and manages facebook open source projects. earned his ph.d. distributed networking from wayne state university, usa and holds bachelor degree from wuhan university, china. fangqin dai tech lead. previously senior software engineer google. developed mining pool software and mined eth with over gpus, and fluent smart contracts development. fangqin has years industry experience from working top companies such baidu, intel, taobao, and kingsoft. has amassed followers github and has contributed many popular projects such apache spark. fangqin received his master's degree from tsinghua university beijing, china and his bachelor's degree from wuhan university wuhan, china. yiqiang wang founder and former cto kaitong finance, fintech company founded until january the company had served hundreds large and medium-sized internet platforms and financial institutions, and the total trading volume had reached more than million yuan. before joining kaitong, yiqiang was founding member and core developer umeng, which provided services such data analytics for domestic mobile application developers china. yiqiang holds both master's and bachelor's degree computer science from fudan university. risks you acknowledge and agree that there are numerous risks associated with purchasing box, holding box, and using box for participation the contentbox platform. castbox.fm contentbox uncertain regulations and enforcement actions the regulatory status box and distributed ledger technology unclear unsettled many jurisdictions. impossible predict how, when whether regulatory agencies may apply existing regulations create new regulations with respect such technology and its applications, including box and/or the contentbox platform. regulatory actions could negatively impact box and/or the contentbox platform various ways. the foundation (or its affiliates) may cease operations jurisdiction the event that regulatory actions, changes law regulation, make illegal operate such jurisdiction, commercially undesirable obtain the necessary regulatory approval(s) operate such jurisdiction. after consulting with wide range legal advisors and continuous analysis the development and legal structure virtual currencies, the foundation will apply cautious approach towards the sale box. therefore, for the crowdsale, the foundation may constantly adjust the sale strategy order avoid relevant legal risks much possible. for the crowdsale, the foundation working with tzedek law llc, boutique corporate law firm singapore with good reputation the blockchain space. competitors possible that alternative networks could established that utilize the same similar code and protocol underlying box and/or the contentbox platform and attempt re-create similar facilities. the contentbox platform may required compete with these alternative networks, which could negatively impact box and/or the contentbox platform. loss talent the development the contentbox platform depends the continued co-operation the existing technical team and expert consultants, who are highly knowledgeable and experienced their respective sectors. the loss any member may adversely affect the contentbox platform its future development. failure develop there the risk that the development the contentbox platform will not executed implemented planned, for variety reasons, including without limitation the event decline the prices any digital asset, virtual currency box, unforeseen technical difficulties, and shortage development funds for activities. security weaknesses hackers other malicious groups organizations may attempt interfere with box and/or the contentbox platform variety ways, including, but not limited to, malware attacks, denial service attacks, consensus-based attacks, sybil attacks, smurfing and spoofing. furthermore, there castbox.fm contentbox risk that third party member the foundation its affiliates may intentionally unintentionally introduce weaknesses into the core infrastructure box and/or the contentbox platform, which could negatively affect box and/or the contentbox platform. other risks addition the aforementioned risks, there are other risks (as more particularly set out the token purchase agreement) associated with your purchase, holding and use box, including those that the foundation cannot anticipate. such risks may further materialise unanticipated variations combinations the aforementioned risks. you should conduct full due diligence the foundation (and its affiliates), the contentbox team, understand the overall framework and vision for the contentbox platform prior purchasing box. castbox.fm