cnn content neutrality network d-run foundation ltd. june *draft for open community review and subject change important notice nothing this whitepaper constitutes legal, financial, business tax advice and you should consult your own legal, financial, tax other professional adviser before engaging any activity connection herewith. neither d-run foundation ltd. (the foundation), any the project team members who have worked the cnn platform (as defined herein) project develop the cnn platform any way whatsoever (the cnn team), any distributor/vendor cnn (the distributor), nor any service provider shall liable for any kind direct indirect damage loss whatsoever which you may suffer connection with accessing this whitepaper, the website http://cnntoken.io/ any other websites materials published the foundation. all contributions will applied towards the foundation's objects, including without limitation promoting the research, design and development of, and advocacy for the application blockchain technology create decentralised open, neutral, effective and efficient content ecosystem for participants, well solve various issues affecting content communities such the existing issues isolation content communities, restricted circulation content, high costs accessing and aggregating high-quality content, unfairness that exists the revenue sharing system, and issues complex and inefficient user acquisition and incentive models. this whitepaper intended for general informational purposes only and does not constitute prospectus, offer document, offer securities, solicitation for investment, any offer sell any product, item asset (whether digital otherwise). the information herein below may not exhaustive and does not imply any elements contractual relationship. there assurance the accuracy completeness such information and representation, warranty undertaking purported provided the accuracy completeness such information. where this whitepaper includes information that has been obtained from third party sources, the foundation and/or the cnn team have not independently verified the accuracy completion such information. further, you acknowledge that circumstances may change and that this whitepaper may become outdated result; and the foundation under obligation update correct this document connection therewith. this whitepaper does not constitute any offer the foundation, the distributor the cnn team sell any cnn (as defined herein) nor shall any part nor the fact its presentation form the basis of, relied upon connection with, any contract investment decision. nothing contained this whitepaper may relied upon promise, representation undertaking the future performance the cnn platform. the agreement between the distributor and you, relation any sale and purchase cnn governed only the separate terms and conditions such agreement. accessing this whitepaper any part thereof, you represent and warrant the foundation, its affiliates, and the cnn team follows: (a) you acknowledge, understand and agree that cnn may have value, there guarantee representation value liquidity for cnn, and cnn not for speculative investment; (b) none the foundation, its affiliates, and/or the cnn team members shall responsible for liable for the value cnn, the transferability and/or liquidity cnn and/or the availability any market for cnn through third parties otherwise; (c) any decision purchase any cnn, you have not relied any statement set out this whitepaper; (d) you will and shall your own expense ensure compliance with all laws, regulatory requirements and restrictions applicable you (as the case may be); and (e) you acknowledge, understand and agree that you are not eligible purchase any cnn you are citizen, national, resident (tax otherwise), domiciliary and/or green card holder geographic area country (i) where likely that the sale cnn would construed the sale security (howsoever named) investment product and/or (ii) which access participation the cnn token sale the cnn platform prohibited applicable law, decree, regulation, treaty, administrative act, and/or (including without limitation the united states america, canada, new zealand, people's republic china and the republic korea). the foundation, the distributor and the cnn team not and not purport make, and hereby disclaims, all representations, warranties undertaking any entity person (including without limitation warranties the accuracy, completeness, timeliness reliability the contents this whitepaper any other materials published the foundation). the maximum extent permitted law, the foundation, the distributor, their related entities and service providers shall not liable for any indirect, special, incidental, consequential other losses any kind, tort, contract otherwise (including, without limitation, any liability arising from default negligence the part any them, any loss revenue, income profits, and loss use data) arising from the use this whitepaper any iii other materials published, its contents otherwise arising connection with the same. prospective purchasers cnn should carefully consider and evaluate all risks and uncertainties (including financial and legal risks and uncertainties) associated with the cnn token sale, the foundation, the distributor and the cnn team. the information set out this whitepaper for community discussion only and not legally binding. the agreement for sale and purchase cnn and/or continued holding cnn shall governed separate set terms and conditions token purchase agreement (as the case may be) setting out the terms such purchase and/or continued holding cnn (the terms and conditions), which shall separately provided you made available http://cnntoken.io/. the event any inconsistencies between the terms and conditions and this whitepaper, the terms and conditions shall prevail. regulatory authority has examined approved any the information set out this whitepaper. such action has been will taken under the laws, regulatory requirements rules any jurisdiction. the publication, distribution dissemination this whitepaper does not imply that the applicable laws, regulatory requirements rules have been complied with. all statements contained this whitepaper, statements made press releases any place accessible the public and oral statements that may made the foundation, the distributor and/or the cnn team may constitute forward-looking statements (including statements regarding intent, belief current expectations with respect market conditions, business strategy and plans, financial condition, specific provisions and risk management practices). you are cautioned not place undue reliance these forward-looking statements given that these statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause the actual future results materially different from that described such forward-looking statements, and independent third party has reviewed the reasonableness any such statements assumptions. these forwardlooking statements are applicable only the date this whitepaper and the foundation and the cnn team expressly disclaims any responsibility (whether express implied) release any revisions these forwardlooking statements reflect events after such date. this whitepaper may translated into language other than english and the event conflict ambiguity between the english language version and translated versions this whitepaper, the english language version shall prevail. you acknowledge that you have read and understood the english language version this whitepaper. part this whitepaper copied, reproduced, distributed disseminated any way without the prior written consent the foundation. contents background prospect and problems the digital content industry blockchain-based content protocol the mission cnn platform all contents are created equal content production content repost distributed reputation mechanism recommendation tone control content's popularity decentralized update features and centralized recommendation community-based feature finding mechanism community-based text annotation share advertising revenue reading revenue calculation reading revenue distribution incentives tipping mechanism technical solutions cnn platform capacity expansion and speed improvement dpos delegated proof stake pbft practical byzantine fault tolerance our proposal decentralized content storage probabilistic micropayments newsdog cnn platform's first application cnn platform protocol-based recommendation system contents advertising revenue sharing model based cnn platform protocol multi-level incentive system newsdog malamaal the extent the incentive model fantasy cricket league other model paid horoscope consultancy paid q&a charity activities development plan d-run foundation cnn issuance cnn platform team advisors risks abstract the market size global digital content industry has reached billion usd and it's still growing very rapidly. india, one the countries with the largest population, has huge potential its digital content market. estimated that india's online content consumers will reach million within the next five years. our principle that all contents are created equal, the foundation propose protocol named content neutrality network (cnn platform) and corresponding erc-compliant tokens ]for the content industry based the innovative blockchain technology. our proposal applicable for all the content communities who are willing adopt the cnn platform protocol. cnn platform brings revolution india's and global digital content market. address various issues internet content communities, cnn platform introduces several mechanisms/protocols related content creation, distribution, circulation and revenue share. for example, cnn platform combines personalized recommendation with the community votes distribute the most relevant content each user. ccm (content circulation mechanism) designed stimulate seamless circulation content among different communities. addition, neutral and efficient revenue share mechanism made feasible the ecosystem cnn platform with cbrs (contribution based revenue share) mechanism. under cbrs, users who have seldom enjoyed the commercial earnings content platform will participate the ads revenue share for their contribution attention. cnn platform has formed strategic partnership with newsdog, india's no. content platform. newsdog has more than million users, and supports languages india. the first application cnn platform, newsdog will fully utilize the cnn platform's protocol build open, neutral and efficient content community. newsdog will invite all its users hold cnn and enjoy the benefits cnn protocol. the foundation believes newsdog will soon become one the largest content communities blockchain. the goal cnn platform grow the most popular protocol for content communities globally. the foundation believes cnn platform can promote more efficient content distribution well motivate the commu contents nity members create better content and engage more the platform, which would return bring better benefits all participants the ecosystem. chapter background prospect and problems the digital content industry the development internet and mobile devices has provided new process for information distribution. instead receiving information via newspapers, magazines, and books, was done the past, people can now access information from websites, mobile apps, and other digital devices various forms, including articles, pictures, videos, gifs, and other forms streaming media. statistics show that the market size the global digital content industry reached billion usd and this figure increased significantly billion usd the same year, china's online news users reached million and the online content industry generated revenue billion rmb. take bytedance inc. for example, its dau reached over million and its annual revenue reached billion rmb. with over billion population, india very similar china whose overwhelming demand for digital content cannot ignored. conservatively estimated that india's online news users will reach million within the next five years. the foundation believes that the content industry will have promising future china, india, and other places all over the world. despite the rapid growth the content industry, certain issues cannot ignored: flood low-quality content consuming user attention: considerable number people deliberately add vulgar, violent, and sexual elements make their articles eye-catching. some even publish fake news that people will fall for clickbait. this low-quality content will undoubtedly catch and consume user attention, leading them without the ability find valuable reading material during their leisure time. copyright conflicts are costly: the wide proliferation internet chapter background and smart phones have lowered the threshold for people online, but the easy-to-copy and easy-to-modify nature digital content has also led plagiarism and infringement. should the problem there being proper mechanism determine copyright ownership remain unresolved, the content community will suffer severe consequences. high quality content among different communities cannot circulate seamlessly: due fierce market competition, content communities are reluctant share information with each other for two reasons. first, they worry that high-quality content will "reposted" without receiving proper monetary earnings from the platform that reposts their articles, resulting decrease traffic and loss users, and ultimately losing their core competitiveness. second, the influx different content varieties makes difficult for the content community generate their own unique tone attract users. users are bombarded with advertisements, but fail enjoy the commercial earnings embedded these ads: these ads are forcefully loaded the content communities, causing distraction for users while reading the content. this practice will not only waste user's time and attention, but will also make them pay more for internet data and shorten their battery life. the content communities take advantage the user's attention generate income from commercials, but prohibit users from sharing the commercial earnings. incentive activities take various forms, but cannot used build effective mechanism: the explosive growth mobile networks introduces "traffic bonus" into person's perspective. various content communities are offering different incentive programs attract new users (such receiving extra services, coupons, cash, etc.). however, given the lack trust between the two parties, there guarantee that participants will receive their promised returns, which turn will hamper the effectiveness the programs. indeed, there are many problems the content ecosystem that need fixed. under such circumstances, there urgent need for innovative technology start revolution. blockchain-based content protocol blockchain designed solve the trust and decentralization problems. utilizes the hash algorithm from cryptography, enabling all participants reach consensus without third-party involvement and allowing them work together maintain blockchain data, address trust issues. chapter background blockchain has undergone several technical upgrades since its birth. bitcoin the version blockchain, then ethereum and smart contracts are the version. smart contract refers the use non-tampered, distributed programs encourage participating parties build relationships and reach consensus. once smart contract placed virtual machine and the trigger conditions are met, can immediately executed, thus making reliable and trustworthy. many the problems described section can solved utilizing blockchain technology. therefore, many teams have proposed new blockchain-based protocols for the content industry, such steemit [], primas and yoyow []. however, there are two problems their existing protocols: the content distribution depends entirely the user's upvote, comments, and other actions. this approach might work for single interest community, but for full-service platforms like jinri toutiao and tian tian kuai bao, content cannot distributed based only user's preference. one hand, users cannot find the content that they are interested in, and thus are unable rely the community. the other hand, the community content will become severely concentrated the headlines. for example, steemit's white paper mentions that there are one million articles, the most popular account for the total value, the next account for another third, while the remaining account for the final third. this kind proportion very unhealthy for community that expects large number users contribute, causing them lose their passion for creating content. order solve this problem, cnn platform creatively combines personalized recommendations with blockchain technology, and proposes solutions solve the efficiency problem blockchain. most the current protocols address how content quality measured and rewarded based the behavior community users singleinterest content community. however, there will many content communities the blockchain because the different preferences users. therefore, great importance ensure that premium content can circulate efficiently among different communities. the design cnn platform incorporates incentive mechanism for content creators and those who repost that they are motivated repost high-quality content that suitable for the target audiences and communities, rather than reposting content arbitrarily. this ultimately improves the efficiency content distribution. chapter background the mission cnn platform cnn platform chooses combine blockchain technology with the content industry based ethereum and smart contracts create more open, neutral, and efficient ecosystem for all content communities. through this new ecosystem content, our mission follows: solve the existing issues that content communities are isolated, and content cannot circulate seamlessly, and users and communities have pay high cost access and aggregate high-quality content. for content creators, their content can circulated more efficiently and wider sphere. premium content and content creators will receive more exposure. for content consumers, our goal achieve personalized recommendation blockchain, allowing them find high-quality content that adheres their interests simpler way. solve the unfairness that exists the revenue sharing system. the key players content ecosystem consist content creators and consumers, because one creates content and the other reacts the content. however, the value created the two roles the current system not adequately recognized and the benefits distributed are not sufficient. particular, the latter hardly participates revenue distribution. therefore, our second goal change the existing revenue sharing mechanism and determine the distribution income pertinent the contribution different roles. solve the existing issues that user acquisition and incentive models are complex and inefficient. the foundation hopes that with the help blockchain technology and community philosophy, the centralized user acquisition and incentive model the existing content system will transformed into spontaneous and autonomous system, allowing more users naturally take part the new ecosystem without the participation and investment certain centers. the following sections describe detail how cnn platform uses blockchain technology establish personalized interoperable content eco-protocol. the basis this protocol, cnn platform intends work with newsdog, india's largest personalized content app, pilot project gradually build the world's largest content ecosystem and set off new chapter the content industry. chapter all contents are created equal for the problems mentioned section cnn platform proposes new blockchain-based content ecosystem protocol and the corresponding token cnn. the native digital token cnn platform ("cnn") another major component the ecosystem the cnn platform. cnn non-refundable functional utility token which will used the unit exchange between participants the cnn platform, well the economic incentive which will consumed encourage participants contribute and maintain the ecosystem the cnn platform. computational resources are required for running various applications and executing transactions the cnn platform, well the validation and verification additional blocks information the blockchain, thus providers these resources and services will require payment for required paid for the consumption these resources and services. cnn will used the unit exchange quantify and pay the costs the consumed computational resources. cnn integral and indispensable part the cnn platform, because the absence cnn, there would common unit exchange pay for these costs provide the incentive for certain desirable behaviour, thus rendering the ecosystem the cnn platform unsustainable. cnn does not any way represent any shareholding, participation, right, title, interest the foundation, its affiliates, any other company, enterprise undertaking, nor will cnn entitle token holders any promise fees, revenue, profits investment returns, and are not intended constitute securities singapore any relevant jurisdiction. cnn may only utilised the cnn platform, and ownership cnn carries rights, express implied, other than the right use cnn means enable usage and interaction with the cnn platform. cnn platform, authors and users form communities based com chapter all contents are created equal mon interests, and interact within the community publishing and reading content. while communities are relatively independent, premium content can still circulated through users' reposts. the primary goal the entire content community create effective mechanism that establishes open and free content ecosystem while exerting the original value each article. order ensure the production and circulation high-quality content, few principles are put forward and will reflected the protocol accordingly: reliable reputation: readers, content creators, and recommendation nodes are working under unified reputation system. peer review and token circulation can help ensure the sustainable development the whole system, resulting the proper commercial revenue distribution among all the participants the community. free and pluralistic: content has the ability influence people's thoughts and feelings. therefore, within the framework cnn platform, creators are free publish their articles any topic, such social, economic, political, sports, entertainment, employment, etc. however there will fine they publish articles poor quality disrupt the system order. encourage creating content consistent with the tone the community: cnn platform encourages the free circulation articles, but the content created should consistent with the tone the community. would inappropriate for entertainment gossip appear serious economic community. therefore, the cnn platform encourages authors create content relevant their communities order establish and maintain the tone the community accordingly. protect copyright: copyright helps protect originality and creativity. protect copyright protect content creators' interests and motivation continuously create high-quality content. open and circulation: the heart premium content its subtle influence wider audience; cnn platform encourages the free circulation high-quality content and maximizing the content's value across communities, while continuing protect its intellectual property. there are primarily four types nodes within the cnn platform protocol: authors: authors are the producers content various communities. the significance author determined the extent the users' preference his her content. comparison other chapter all contents are created equal figure ecosystem cnn platform contributors, the author shares the largest proportion advertising revenue. users: users are consumers content various communities, expressing their preferences for content through reading, liking, commenting, and other actions, and then sharing advertising revenue due their response and attention investment. advertisers: advertisers advertise each community and pay advertising fee cnn order obtain brand exposure download register users. recommendation nodes: recommendation nodes are nodes beyond the content communities. only shares revenue providing recommendation services each community. cnn platform protocol mainly includes two aspects: first, mechanism incentivise the authors and users active the community. second, mechanism that promotes quality content circulated amongst different communities. content production for the content community, content production undoubtedly the most crucial part the entire community. the primary goal the entire content community create effective mechanism that establishes open and free content ecosystem while exerting the original value each article. chapter all contents are created equal cnn figure cnn platform protocol architecture ensure the continuous output high-quality content, cnn platform will focus the following points its goal: protect creator copyright: copyright protection one the most important applications blockchain technology. data recorded the blockchain system has strict timing and can not tampered with. therefore, once copyright conflict occurs, the system can determine the final copyright according the order which the content published. author releases the infringing content, the system will faithfully record the release time, author and the content, and one can clear the infringing record deleting posts. this fundamentally protects the interests creators and helps stimulate their creative passion. encourage original contents: each community has its own tone chapter all contents are created equal and preference, and also has its own circle permanent authors and the content produced within the community more line with the community's tone. therefore, each community, content produced within community greatly valued, and for recommendation cnn platform prioritises quality content starting within the community. this end, the community will support original content with certain traffic. the specific mechanism will detailed refuse the fake content: order prevent the origin lowquality articles, when creating content, creators need pay certain amount cnn deposit, one reports the copyright quality problems within seven days, then the deposit will returned. there any quality problem (such plagiarism, clickbait, etc.) the content report, after confirmed the community-elected committee, the deposit will deducted, and the relevant advertising proceeds shall recovered and added the reward fund the day(see ... for details). for duplicate content, the platform will evaluate the hash value. for patchwork modified content, cnn platform uses locality sensitive hash (lsh) map multiple local low-dimensional features (such word vector features) through various dimensionality reduction methods and then compare. after extracting some the features, the content that pieced together modified will detected the system keeping with many features the original content. when technical means cannot judge the content, cnn platform will adopt community committee-based copyright certification solution. with due control, volunteers the community can all become "referees" and can use the information within the blockchain trace the proceeds the infringement. specific procedure consists the following: when user questions the content copyright, the challenger needs submit certain amount cnn deposit. then, broadcast the whole network form "committee" vote for the challenge. each member the committee required submit certain amount cnn deposit. the majority the voting party will win the vote. the final decision that there copyright infringement, the cnn from the minority voting party and the person who raised this issue shall confiscated and re-distributed the content creator and majority the voting party compensation. determined that there indeed copyright infringement, the person who raised this issue may obtain the deposit the infringer and the advertising proceeds are retrieved and added the reward fund the day (see ... for details). the winners the vote can chapter all contents are created equal get back the amount deposits, and share the deposit the minority voting party. the above scheme expressed pseudo-code as: def vote sponsor agrees disagrees author reward deposita deposits depositc revenuead agrees count disagrees count sponsor account deposita reward revenuead for agree agrees agree account depositc agrees count else author account deposits depositc disagrees count for disagree disagrees disagree account deposits depositc disagrees count content repost high-quality content fundamental community's sustainable development. noted above, the cnn platform encourages the circulation high quality content maximize its value, users deserve rewards when they repost high-quality, original articles from the source community other related communities. yet, the same time cnn platform does not want users simply repost articles and even junk articles for rewards, for which cnn platform has developed the content circulation mechanism (ccm). certain amount cnn need paid before one can repost article. the cnn will paid the original author the article. the same article can only re-posted target community once, taking the timestamp first appearing the target community the blockchain the final. the re-posted articles generate revenue the target community, the user who re-posted them earns corresponding share based the reprovisioned revenue share model (see section ...). under this mechanism, reposting article equivalent investing the article, the user pays the cost first hope receiving higher rewards. reposters have the incentive pay and repost only when the article indeed good quality, and line with the target audience. the reward reposter will receive and how much she receives depends the extent which the articles being reposted are preferred the users the target community, thus ensuring that only high-quality articles that meet the target community's tone are circulation. chapter all contents are created equal distributed reputation mechanism the reputation system key component the content system. excellent content system requires both high-quality and reliable content evaluation. the results are not trustworthy the centralized content evaluations system, whether anonymous not. very likely for users post junk comments because its low-cost nature anonymous world. however, users are unwilling express their true thoughts the identity verified system due privacy concerns. cnn platform utilizes blockchain technology ensure the historical actions cannot tampered with, and zero knowledge proof enables users express their honest thoughts without compromising their privacy. therefore, the reputation built upon the cnn platform more trustworthy and supportive for the whole ecosystem. the cnn platform reputation system consists the following parts: content creator reputation: this term refers creator's popularity among users. the higher his reputation, the more likely his content will massively recommended, leading more commercial earnings. the specific mechanism will detailed section ... reader reputation: this characterizes the contribution the user provides the community. the user could evaluate the content via comments, upvotes, and downvotes. this way, the community can pick the valuable content, thus enriching the whole content community. the distribution system cnn platform will reward the user accordingly based upon his reputation. the specific mechanism will presented section .... recommendation node reputation: the reputation recommendation node reflects its ability serve the downstream nodes. the more effective recommendation node is, the more likely can serve valuable users, thus increase its revenue. recommendation tone control different users have very different content needs. there are various communities with different tones the internet, such all-in-one newsdog/toutiao, elite-filled flipboard, literary youth-led vice, angry netizens netease news. the tone the community usually determined the initial users that community. within cnn platform's ecosystem, the initial users each content community will form committee, each whom pays certain amount cnn vote whether compatible and bundled maintain their tone. chapter all contents are created equal once the community has decided its tone, the committee will then vote assigning values recommendation for different categories. the value recommendation converted into different click through rates through smart contracts criterion for expanding the recommendation audience. content's popularity content communities need reward high-quality content creators and their work, but they also need provide more exposure opportunities for this high-quality content gain more revenue that authors have incentive contribute more content. the cnn platform system, using represent the content's popularity, which calculated as: the following parts will define the author reputation and originality factor respectively. author reputation the content neutrality network(cnn platform) creates strong network effects for the reputation system over the blockchain. cnn platform readers interact with writer's content via reading, commenting, upvoting and gifting, etc. these interactions between readers and writers help create reputation mechanism. figure interaction network described above, let edge cij represent the contribution that reader make through reading, commenting, upvoting and gifting the contents chapter all contents are created equal writer order create strong economic incentive for the cnn platform development (i.e. overcome the chicken-and-egg problem the presence network-effects) cnn platform proposes zhangrank mechanism that serves the following principles: writer with many incoming edges from readers should receive high ranking the reputation system, hence the token distribution, since many readers benefit from his/her content. writer with incoming edges from high-ranked readers should receive high ranking since more high-ranked readers benefit from his/her content. reader with many outgoing edges writers should receive high ranking because their active contribution the community. reader with outgoing edges high-ranked writers should receive high ranking since they contribute picking those high-ranked writers. node(writer reader) that added the cnn platform early-on should receive high ranking since helps cnn platform grow (overcome chicken-and-egg problem). the ranking mechanism based above principles determines how token payout distributed among the writers. principles are based principles that are used pagerank[] algorithm for ranking webpages connected through link graph, while the difference that the definition zhangrank used for two separate groups. principles indicates that early-adopters the cnn platform should rewarded accordingly they help the ecosystem grow, especially the beginning. thus, the five principles can satisfied through "temporal pagerank" ranking mechanism that add "reputation" based timestamps each node rankings generated the pagerank algorithm. this mechanism proposed prof. shoucheng zhang, hence named zhangrank the zhangrank calculated through the following steps: the rank each writer calculated using the iterative algorithm documented the seminal paper[] and the according patent[]. this iterative ranking algorithm satisfies the following two conditions: condition one: rpw (a) (bi )cia |bi (a) denotes the pagerank for writer are all the where readers that contribute writer cia the contribution that reader chapter all contents are created equal contributes writer and |bi the contribution all edges that reader contributes. the total number writers cnn platform. constant number between and (typically that ensures the convergence the iterative algorithm. one can show that the vector rankings the eigenvector the adjacency matrix the graph. condition two: rpr (b) (ai )cbi |ai b-a where rrp (b) denotes the pagerank for reader are all the writers that reader contributes to, cbi the contribution that reader contributes writer and |ai the contribution all edges that writer receives. the total number readers cnn platform. temporal weight function(w defined using the time-stamp for each node following: w(si (i) where (x) real function that satisfies the following conditions: (x) for non-original content this for encouraging more original content produced the communities. will applied the recommendation algorithm the next section. decentralized update features and centralized recommendation subsequent determining the community tone, personalized recommendation becomes the second-most important part content distribution; also standard feature for almost every content community. the user's reading history and personal characteristics are used match content that will interest them most. order simultaneously make full use the advantages decentralization blockchain while improving its efficiency, cnn platform's solution update the user's feature model decentralized way, then use strong computing power provide recommendation services all users the platform through the recommendation nodes. the recommendation completed using the logistic regression (lr) model within cnn platform protocol, which predicts the possibility for user click based user and article characteristics and previous click behavior. the ctr prediction can expressed |x, where various features articles and users (entity words, categories, article semantic vectors, topic model vector, etc.) and the weight each feature. every user's feature matrix stored and updated that user's nodes decentralized way. node has insufficient computing power, can broadcast adjacent nodes complete the calculation for and pay certain amount cnn reward. chapter all contents are created equal recommendation nodes and servers that provide every user with recommendation service based models and user characteristics. reward, recommendation nodes receive advertising revenue share. since the quality recommendation determines the advertising revenue, and thus ultimately determines how much revenue recommendation node will receive, the recommendation nodes will try their best deliver the best recommendation service possible. the recommendation nodes' performance will decide their reputation, which would impact the future work load and revenue. after calculating user's preference for articles based the recommendation algorithm, the final score the article can calculated through the user's preference and the content popularity (see for details). with pseudocode expressed as: def calc_final_score user_interest content_weight return user_interest math exp content_weight community-based feature finding mechanism personalized recommendation based the richness user's features. improve the performance recommendation, such the user's ctr and duration, algorithm developers can obtain the user's behavior data from the decentralized content storage system and subsequently discover new user features through machine learning. this will therefore continue improve the activity and earnings all community members. its operation mode follows: developers discover new features based user data and submit them the committee, which consists all recommendation nodes within the community. developers update the user feature model decentralized method, and run the model recommendation nodes that support testing. developers are required pay certain amount cnn the cost the test. run confidence interval the experimental results. the improvement algorithm performance reliable %), the new feature model will adopted and broadcasted the entire network. until new features are introduced, the algorithm nodes using the new feature model will share the subsequent recommendation revenue with the feature developer. with the operation pseudocode expressed as: chapter all contents are created equal def explore_feature self feature_set recommend_server self account explore_fee raise self account explore _fee run_explore feature_set recommend_server recommend_server feature_host self community-based text annotation the implementation personalized recommendation requires lot nlp information support. because the global content industry presents explosive growth trend, this means that the nlp information also needs added and updated regularly. however, the iteration requires lot manpower investment. the blockchain, cnn platform will provide full support the enthusiasm the community improving the efficiency and accuracy the annotation. the specific operational procedures are follows: the system will decompose and publish the decomposed task. each annotation task must annotated the network and must have least three participants. user claims the task, she needs pay certain amount cnn deposit. the smart contract will generated after both sides the transaction confirm the allocation. the system automatically compares the results the three annotators determine the quality level each annotator. someone underqualified there breach the contract, the deposit will deducted and will added the same day's reward fund. the annotator whose work has been marked satisfying will receive reward from community. share advertising revenue reading revenue calculation cnn platform's system, advertising revenue will calculated based the user's attention. specifically, assuming that user's attention advertisement proportional the amount time user spends the article. that advertiser will specify the user's ideal reading time and the corresponding cpm when they purchase advertisement cpm. when the actual reading time different from the price single display is: min chapter all contents are created equal prevent users from constantly re-reading and refreshing articles gain unreasonable proportion revenue, cnn platform reduces the cost advertising based the total duration that the user has generated revenue. therefore, new revenue will generated when reading articles once the threshold reached. this expressed below: th= represents the total duration that the user has generated advertising revenue today. and are the two thresholds. the user can receive all the revenues from the very beginning, but when the total duration exceeds the user can only receive part the revenue. the total duration exceeds the user can longer receive any advertising revenue. the actual cost the advertisers need pay is: this mechanism will prevent users from receiving advertising revenue suspicious behaviors, such constantly refreshing and re-reading articles. formula used determine revenue from the single reading activity user, and then divided between the author, user, and recommendation node based predetermined percentage described ... ... reading revenue distribution ... the revenue share the community traditionally the internet, users could not generate revenue reading news because users' attention was not recognized valuable resource and the inefficiency the traditional payment methods. however, because the trustworthy blockchain technology and the low-cost point-to-point payment mechanism, can guaranteed that users will receive some advertising revenue from every effective reading practice. this will greatly motivate users migrate from the traditional internet reading platform the cnn platform. the same time, order stimulate user's constructive behavior the platform such comments, upvotes and dislikes, cnn platform will draw part the revenue (%) reward fund each advertisement display reward incentive, such comments, upvotes, and dislikes. under normal circumstances, assuming that the distribution ratio authors, readers, recommendation nodes, and reward fund the distribution advertising revenue shown figure chapter all contents are created equal figure advertising revenue share within community ... distribution reward fund active content system requires constant interaction between the reader and content creator. reader comments, upvotes, and dislikes are all valuable behaviors the platform. therefore, order maintain the virtuous cycle the system, cnn platform needs encourage readers more engaged the positive interactions through reward fund. upvote dislike actions and comments certain article can reward reader with contribution power. according the proportion each reader's contribution the total system contribution, the reader will receive proportion the reward fund generated the system daily basis. the reader contribution calculated as: where min (x, max log here represents the reader's reputation (defined ..) represents this reader's comments, upvotes, and dislikes; represents the comments and upvotes that this reader's contents comments receive; represents other readers' dislikes the contents comments that this reader creates; represents the similar interaction activity that was given other readers subsequent this reader giving his her reaction. the following explains the meaning each part: min (x, cnn platform wants each reader provide their honest opinion and rating accordingly. therefore, give value for each the reader's first comments, upvotes, dislikes, encouraging readers actively participate content reviews. max value given for reader's contents comments being upvoted; and value for any dislike any chapter all contents are created equal his her contents comments. the minimum value this part log order encourage reader express their true opinions, cnn platform treats subsequent evaluations other reviewers votes this reader's current review. reader upvotes article, and the following reviewers also give upvotes for this article, then these upvote behaviors are deemed endorsement the reader's upvote. the same procedure also applies the dislike action. therefore, cnn platform converts the subsequent evaluation into the reader's contribution. class reader ... def effort self likes dislikes comments be_liked_num be_disliked_num engagements self effort_num min like_limit len likes len dislikes len comments received engagements self effort_num max be_liked_num be_disliked_num engagements after own engagement self effort_num sum math log like after_like_num for like likes self effort_num sum math log like after_dislike_num for dislike dislikes def get_effort_profit self total_effort total_profit return total_profit self effort_num total_effort ... cross-community revenue share the traditional internet, content licensing often accompanied issues such untrustworthiness, fake data, and non-real-time settlement, hindering the circulation content among communities. mentioned section cnn platform encourages the circulation high quality content among communities via our mechanism the cnn platform ecosystem. the details are presented follows: reader feels that article posted community will also popular community then she can pay certain amount cnn repost this article community the system will check the timestamp verify the article has been reposted community the article has been reposted others, chapter all contents are created equal the system will then automatically reject this action and the repost fee will refunded. community does not have this article, then the repost action will finalized and the repost fee will transferred the content creator. the revenue generated from this article community will distributed among the author, the person who reposted, the reader from community the recommendation node, and the community reward fund. the income distribution presented shown figure figure cross-community advertising revenue share def profit self writer reader recommend reward reposter none self balance raise self balance reposter none riter account percent_writer reader account percent_reader recommend account percent_recommend reward account percent_reward else writer account percent_share_writer reader account percent_share_reader recommend account reward account percent_share _reward reposter account erc are ter incentives users and content authors content communities have extremely rich set interactive scenarios the platform. addition the consumption the content itself, also includes interaction between users, chapter all contents are created equal content sharing, user invitations, and more. among them, inviting new users one the most important part. the more users, the more active the ecosystem is, and the greater the value is. the content ecosystem, which based the cnn platform protocol, natural incentive model for users participate revenue sharing one the main ecosystem entities. the rules and procedures the traditional incentive system are complex and incentive settlement cycles are long, which leads them being inefficient and error-prone. the invitation incentive mechanism based cnn platform protocol can simplify the incentive process and even achieve the multi-level effect, which enlarges the possible benefits brought inviting new users, enhancing the incentive effect and reducing the cost and difficulty acquiring new users the community. this particularly evident the indian market. the specific process is: every day, the platform distributes certain amount cnn quota the incentive reward pool. for the specific amount, please refer the chapter release plan. calculate each user's contribution increasing the overall eco-user community, and all users share daily incentive pool based their contribution. all invitations and invited relationships are recorded the blockchain, forming open tree structure that cannot tampered with. the contribution each user calculated from his her subtree. cnn platform ecosystem, users can get contribution values from all users their subtrees. invites then invites then level invite user level-n invite user can contribute point value daily contribution value formula can calculated as: the end the day, each user shares the same day's incentive bonus pool based their contribution. this incentive network, possible continually attribute the value every new user his her parents, which will greatly motivate users, and also enhance the user's viscosity. the same time, decentralized settlement brings higher efficiency cnn platform protocol-based incentives and allows users quickly obtain incentive rewards. the module's pseudocode can expressed as: class user calc all parent contribute when new users sign def cal _inv ite_ contr ibut self contribution chapter all contents are created equal figure cnn platform incentive pattern. self parent while not none contribution contribution contribution parent ... calc own contribute end day def get_invite_profit self total_contribution total_invite_prof self account total_invite_profit self contribution total_ contribution tipping mechanism tipping emerging way content payment for users express their appreciation the author. triumph for decentralization culture, breaking the monopoly position cultural and entertainment elites. allows users express themselves and express their recognition the author. under cnn platform protocol, point-to-point rewarding channel can established. the tip user gives author will directly into the author's account. and the tip also regarded recognition the author and will help the author and his work receive more exposure. the tipping activity also reflects the user's reading preferences. chapter all contents are created equal order prevent the author from cheating through tipping, the platform will draw percentage (e.g. from the tip the reward for recommendation service. chapter technical solutions cnn platform cnn platform will developed with solutions that have been used and verified actual projects the open source community, combined with the team's original technology stack and codes. the foundation intends design suite technical solutions and system architectures, and integrate these architectures into the blockchain technology. capacity expansion and speed improvement complete transaction the blockchain, all computer nodes the network either need validate the transaction execute smart contract. all nodes achieve the same result and come agreement, then the transaction confirmed. this very slow and inefficient process. there are some projects that can speed the transaction ethereum, such plasma and raiden, but these projects use either non-chain sidechain and don't aim the expansion issue blockchain. the foundation has designed several programs solution this problem. dpos delegated proof stake dpos (delegated proof stake) algorithm can solve performance and energy consumption problem caused decentralized pow. under dpos, the nodes using blockchain vote generate witnesses, who will then sign the blocks. dpos more democratized than the rest the systems due the implementation the decentralized voting mechanism, ensuring that the witnesses behave honestly and without prejudice while maintaining the mechanism. therefore, each block can prove that the previous block was correctly confirmed the witness. dpos reduces the transaction time for chapter technical solutions cnn platform certain number blocks verified reducing the required confirmations, therefore significantly increasing the transaction speed. result, the cryptocurrency transaction can conducted smooth centralized transaction system, such those visa and mastercard. pbft practical byzantine fault tolerance malicious attacks and software errors will continue increase, resulting arbitrary behavior the infected nodes. this behavior may mislead other replica nodes and lead more harm than just crashing. the early byzantine fault tolerance algorithm was based synchronous system and could not run due its low performance. miguel castro and barbara liskov proposed practical byzantine fault tolerance (pbft) [], which solved the problem byzantine fault tolerance through copy duplications. solves the problem low efficiency the original byzantine fault-tolerant algorithm, reduces the complexity the algorithm from and makes the byzantine fault-tolerant algorithm ready run. asynchronous environment, the response performance significantly increased optimizing earlier algorithms, and performance tests demonstrated that the system was only slower than standard nfs without copied duplication. our proposal after in-depth study about the existing blockchain expansion solutions, the preliminary conclusion that the dpos consensus mechanism and sharding scheme will adopted solve the bottleneck the capacity and transaction speed the blockchain. the future, cnn platform will continue explore new technologies further enhance system capacity and speed. the specific solutions are follows: taking computation performance and storage pressure into consideration, cnn platform divides the database shardings. each shard only deals with part the transaction, has small consensus protocol, and will able process transactions parallel manner, hence improving system throughputs. parallel processing network, each shard can handle hundreds transactions per second, and the entire network can handle thousands transactions per second. more nodes are added, the network will become faster validating transactions. once the network large ethereum, the network can handle transactions faster than banks and possibly lower cost. for example, zilliqa has adopted efficient and extensible sharding scheme with nodes each shard for computing []. this ensures security without sole dependence the centralized node. the number nodes increases, the throughput will grow linearly. currently, ethereum also upgrades evms and provides basic support the chapter technical solutions cnn platform smart contract layer. therefore, implementing the ethereum-blockchainbased sharding solution simple and feasible. based the sharding scheme, cnn platform will use the dpos mechanism solve the low speed problem for transaction confirmation. the implementation this mechanism similar stock authorization certification. through voting without friction real-time while avoiding the participation untrustworthy parties, relies credit system generate group aggregated "creditors" ("trustees") who have the right output block and add the blockchain. each round randomly signed group creditors generate blocks; therefore each round has different block generation order. very important that this system does not require very high level trust and that the blockchain producers (i.e., the trustee) can only choose produce not produce blocks, either pack unpack the transaction. they don't have the capability change the details the transaction, such sender, receiver, balance. this model, the trustee has little influence she does something bad. the trustee drops block, the next trustee will produce block twice the size, including the missing transaction the previous block. the confirmation time changes from there are other influences. the trustee's behaviors are publicly visible, such the malicious procrastinating behaviors, therefore the community has ability simply vote them out. result, the trustee loses their potential income and benefits, and therefore has incentive wrong. the architecture our proposal solution shown figure figure capacity expansion architecture. chapter technical solutions cnn platform decentralized content storage the size the data the web huge, with structured user profiles and unstructured files (images, videos, documents, etc.). they are usually stored the server's database each site's file system, which centralized way store large amount centralization content. this centrally stored data often subject institutional scrutiny, like that the u.s. security agency c.i.a., which allows the government easily access sensitive data long they control the server. the other hand, these servers can easily hacked, the data privacy unreliable, and system error, such error often occurs. finally, the centrally stored data under the risk being modified the server owner, and operation history can tampered with well. these problems can effectively avoided. the current decentralized storage solutions are sia [], storj [], maidsafe [], ipfs and forth, described below: sia provides decentralized, reward-based cloud storage system that can compete with centralized, similar system like amazon highly focused becoming enterprise product, whose developers are constantly optimizing their product designs more flexible handling the diversity cloud storage. storj pay-as-you-go approach where renters frequently pay for host. storj's goal similar that sia, except that storj does not use the built-in smart contracts blockchain. the host will not paid the user not online. storj currently the internal testing phase. maidsafe very ambitious project, with developers moving beyond decentralized storage systems that are not focused efficiency. maidsafe uses new consensus mechanism (different from blockchain), which not proof pow work. maidsafe has not been proven practical bitcoin's mechanism. the ipfs (interplanetary file system) implemented combinator's protocol labs and aim replace the internet http protocol, which the public has become accustomed for the past years. ipfs pointto-point distributed file system that connects all computing devices the same file system. uses content addressing technology separate content from the source server and stores permanently. ipfs can close user cdn, protecting decentralized storage sites and eliminating potential ddos attacks. ipfs can archive important public records avoid loss brought site's termination operations. there are already many sites like neocities that are based ipfs, and increasing number blockchain projects are also running ipfs. the specific protocol pseudocode is: type encryptedobject struct raw object data encrypted object bytes chapter technical solutions cnn platform optional tag for encryption groups tag bytes type signedobject struct raw object data signed object bytes hmac signature signature bytes multihash identifying key publickey multihash based the above analysis and investigation, cnn platform adopts ipfs solve the decentralized storage content. separating the content data from the blockchain can effectively save the blockchain resources and improve the processing capacity the entire system. probabilistic micropayments david salamon introduced probabilistic micropayments the new micropayment solution. expandable network micropayment channels can provided through probabilistic micropayments, where micropayments can implemented with high frequency and low cost. probabilistic micropayments can send arbitrary number payments arbitrary number recipients, without any per-recipient initialization settlement transactions. this will reduce transaction costs and making high-frequency micropayments possible. the procedure follows: the sender deposits cnn into smart contract (shared all senders) which maintains, for each sender, payment balance and penalty escrow. the sender creates and signs ticket locally cryptographic data structure that includes payment data, such recipient and amount. the sender sends the ticket directly the recipient without posting anything the ethereum network. the recipient verifies the ticket. the ticket valid the recipient now has cryptographic proof that they are being paid. note that even ticket not "win" the recipient still has absolute proof being paid, since the randomness used determine whether ticket wins not derived from both the sender and the recipient. such way, neither party can manipulate the outcome. valid ticket may "win", which case can claimed posting on-chain ethereum transaction. chapter newsdog cnn platform's first application newsdog was founded late beofre starting the app, the founding team noticed the tremendous potential india's economic growth and digital content market. therefore, newsdog decided put its focus india's personalized content. for the past two years, the number mobile phone users india has doubled, while the internet data price has significantly decreased per gb. newsdog enjoyed rapid growth the same time. since its launch early newsdog has accumulated more than million users and are now ranked no. the google play news apps list, making the smallest, fastest, and most popular news app india. aside from that, newsdog collaborated with thousands media companies india provide users with news information ten languages, such english, hindi, tamil, marathi, and others, covering over ten different categories, such politics, economics, entertainment, sports, health, technology, local, world, and more. newsdog has built powerful recommendation system and has calculated detailed user profile for all participants. not only have they provided personalized content for each user, they have also facilitated content and advertisement delivery. newsdog team will work closely with cnn platform team migrate some newsdog's features cnn platform protocol mid-. cnn platform protocol-based recommendation system recommendation the core for the content platform, but it's also the most resource consuming job. advanced recommendation system takes chapter newsdog cnn platform's first application figure newsdog rank history google play. (a) (b) (c) figure newsdog google play screenshots long time build. the other hand, order obtain accurate recommendations, privacy has become the price users have pay consume content. the recommendation system based the cnn platform protocol can solve these two problems. newsdog's recommendation system based wide range user portraits and user data, and the centralized portraits and storage and computation the data become time-consuming and burdensome task. with the recommendation system based the cnn platform protocol, the user feature model distributed and stored each node the blockchain, which can reduce the pressure the central recommendation node. distributed chapter newsdog cnn platform's first application anonymous storage can also eliminate privacy issues for users. advertising revenue sharing model based cnn platform protocol users play very important role the current internet content ecosystem. the content community uses the user's attention earn the advertising value, but users cannot participate the commercial profit sharing. based the cnn platform protocol, the newsdog community's advertising revenue distributed users, reposters, recommendation nodes and referrals beyond content creators. the content creators newsdog are the source content ecology and therefore they receive the largest share the revenue sharing model. authors can receive corresponding percentage their articles' ads revenue they are read, reproduced, and commented on. the cnn platform copyright protection mechanism, the author also will compensated the copyright violated. under revenue distribution system cnn platform, newsdog users can get rewards reading articles, commenting, and upvoting; the more active the community, the more revenue users receive. the same time, users also undertake the task transferring content among communities. after reposting the articles, the users can obtain corresponding benefits based the performance the articles. addition, the recommendation node plays unique role the cnn platform system, and will also receive the corresponding proportion ads revenue. multi-level incentive system because the centralized setup, the traditional incentive system poses great challenge the planning and operation rules. each incentive activity requires high operating cost and the effectiveness the incentive can't guaranteed. newsdog uses cnn-platform-based multi-level incentive system effectively solve the input and efficiency problems. the invitation records are distributed throughout the blockchain, possible reduce the operator's server and computing costs. currently, there are two layers the incentive systems within newsdog. with cnn platform, newsdog can expand two layers into multiple layers, better leverage the user invitation, and optimize the incentive effect. due the introduction cnn, users who participate the incentive can get incentive rewards sooner, shortening the incentive cycle one day, and stimulating the enthusiasm for users participate. chapter newsdog cnn platform's first application newsdog malamaal the extent the incentive model newsdog the first player introduce the live-streaming q&a section (just like trivia) india. this model combines live-streaming platform with incentive program acquire new users. however, under the cnn platform system, this model can evolve from pure user-acquisition tool next-generation all-service-platform. therefore, cnn platform introduces the newsdog malamaal store into the app. can provide more value-added services users settled cnn. the game rule answer questions correctly enter the shared prize pool. make the game more entertaining, cnn platform introduces the privileged right "extra life" the game. participants can get extra life inviting new user, thus increasing their chances winning. based this, cnn platform introduces the online store offer more value-added services users: extra life card: when the user chooses the wrong answer, she can use the "extra life" privilege back the game. tips card: users can use this receive hints for the correct answer. pass card: when user does not know the right answer the question, can use this card skip the next question. the malamaal itself works self-contained economic system. all privileged cards will settled cnn. the shared prize also given cnn. fantasy cricket league cricket the national sport india. statistics show that about million watched the lpl and ipc cricket matches from april june additionally, cricket world cup offers more business opportunities india. the largest news app india, newsdog will introduce the fantasy cricket league satisfy user's needs. fantasy cricket league cricket game newsdog where users can act the manager cricket team and play the tournament gain earnings. the specific rules are follows: users pay amount cnn build cricket team each season, there auction where all players are ready for the managers bid chapter newsdog cnn platform's first application once all players are selected, the game starts. specific time season, managers can exchange players with other teams cnn seek better result the end each season, managers receive their earnings according the rank their team the league other model paid horoscope consultancy horoscope culture has become increasingly popular around the world. many media agencies globally, especially india and china, have built horoscope their website social media, and many freelancers are also entering into this area. for instance, vogue india has over million followers twitter, and they post daily horoscope message for all the users. china's popular horoscope kol "uncle tondao" has more than million followers weibo, and many people comment and upvote his posts. therefore, order satisfy users' cultural needs, newsdog introduced paid horoscope consultancy services. the details are presented follows: personalized horoscope information: one user can pay amount cnn and input his her personal information like date birth, place birth and blood type receive his her personalized horoscope information professional kol answering: one user can pay amount cnn ask kol professional newsdog answer his her horoscope related questions paid q&a the era information explosion, there are many mobile apps that help users select and filter useful information such quora and zhihu. the potential these apps relies their popularity and practicality. therefore, newsdog has developed the same type q&a model taking advantage its vast content provide users with comprehensive services. the specific form follows: crowdfunding q&a: users may pay amount cnn and ask kol answer some questions. other users are interested the questions, they may also pay cnn join. the kol answers the questions, could get cnn paid all users. otherwise, the tokens would returned users who raised the question. chapter newsdog cnn platform's first application professional one-on-one q&a: users can pick kol they trust and pay number cnn ask the kol questions and get exclusive answer. the writer can receive the tokens once she answers the question. charity activities not only does the internet facilitate information communication, also shortens the distance between people. this provides good opportunity promote charity activities benefit society whole. the largest news app india, using the platform promote charity activities not only news dog's corporate responsibility, but also provide platform for people help each other. based upon blockchain's open and tamper-proof nature, newsdog presents the following proposal: people who need help should post their detailed information the platform, and professional team will verify his information users can offer their help them donating cnn the victim/survivor can get all donated cnn after his information verified both the platform and donee need regularly update donors regarding the condition, ensure openness and transparency chapter development plan figure newsdog development path. the first stage: research stage study the feasibility cnn platform vision create decentralized, user-focused, neutral content ecosystem. while working closely with newsdog and the consultant team, the philosophy behind cnn platform was developed. the second stage: token offering develop cnn platform's core smart contract and issue cnn. the foundation will organize private sale and the use privately financed funds detailed chapter the third stage: prototype development develop the first generation cnn platform prototype, mainly include cnn platform's modules, such copyright certification and dispute resolution systems, content revenue sharing systems, and user-inviting incentives. newsdog became the first app the cnn platform protocol. this prototype system primarily for content distribution apps; will completely chapter development plan open-sourced github and will audited separately. the fourth stage: application and promotion this stage, the foundation will mainly focus the promotion and operation the cnn platform system. the development the system will adjusted and improved according market and user feedback timely manner. the focus will improving the content revenue sharing mechanism and user invitation incentive mechanism stimulate the interests content creators and community active users, well enable the system support multimedia content, such pictures and videos, that more communities and users can enjoy the convenience brought the cnn platform mechanism. the fifth stage: cnn platform research and development more and more users start using cnn platform systems and contracts, the foundation will upgrade the system architectures integrating the latest blockchain technologies further solve the problem decentralized storage and transaction speed, well enhance the expansion and flexibility software systems. this stage, cnn platform may run blockchain outside eth, such eos. chapter d-run foundation d-run foundation designed from the ground-up facilitate the development, transparent management, and other improvements related cnn platform, aiming creating healthy and sustainable ecosystem for blockchain node operators, content creators, advertisers, and other end users. all the participants the eco-community are entitled provide and use the network services and exchange cnn. the ultimate goal drun foundation become independent, and non-profit organization that promotes the democratic, healthy, transparent, and reliable development the ecosystem. order achieve this, d-run foundation has set three major principles: transparency openness independently manage develop cnn platform protocol and its applications. separate legal entity from newsdog and other entities. management team acts independently newsdog. non-profit aimed developing healthy and sustainable scalable system responsible for the interests cnn platform holders. work with newsdog under the mutually beneficial commercial agreements. d-run foundation takes responsibility for the issuance and distribution token. advanced management system independent legal entity, d-run foundation develops its own operation and management mechanism. chapter d-run foundation consultancy services are provided top-tier professionals. technical services for cnn platform blockchain applications will provided. the mission d-run foundation create decentralized content ecosystem for participants, and provide blockchain solutions for the real world and online applications. also aims providing free and neutral platform for service development, enhancement, and delivery attract users. order achieve this goal, the foundation will establish transparent management process that takes into account the views and suggestions all participants, and set transparent pricing and participation rules for token issuance ensure cnn platform's revenue transparency. chapter cnn issuance taken into account the frequency reading and users' spending habits developing countries, the value each cnn will set relatively low. d-run foundation proposes issue billion cnn, billion which will allocated for private sales. the foundation plans launch cnn through the d-run foundation its wholly owned subsidiaries. interested parties please visit http:// cnntoken.io// for latest information cnn platform project and token sales. the allocation plan cnn platform's billion tokens follows: private sales newsdog team advisors and current investors seeding users and ecosystem d-run foundation reserves allocation financing: plan raise eth, eth cnn token issuance private sales: billion percentage private sales: the proceeds from the private sales will used for: r&d (developing cnn platform protocol and migrate newsdog cnn platform) marketing and developing the content communities operating and g&a costs chapter cnn platform team forrest chen forrest successful serial entrepreneur, expert deep-learning, product and strategic leadership. charge strategy, management and business alliance newsdog and cnn platform. prior newsdog, co-founded umeng which was acquired alibaba for million forrest expert algorithm, product, r&d, and entrepreneurial leaderships. his papers were published top-tier academic journals such acm transactions the web, and acm sigspatial with hundreds citations. received his bachelor software engineering and master computer science from tsinghua university. dr. maggie ph.d. financial engineering from princeton university. maggie charge data analysis, content platform and operation team newsdog and cnn platform. prior newsdog, maggie worked for baidu m&a team and goldman sachs ibd director/associate,leading major financing and investment she expert data analysis, international team management and business development. she received her phd financial engineering from princeton university and bachelor electrical engineering from tsinghua university with papers published top-tier journals such siam journal financial mathematics. dr. linjie luo linjie responsible for developing cnn platform's next generation recommendation algorithm. senior research scientist and manager snap inc. focusing artificial intelligence, computer vision and computer graphics. has papers published top-tier academic venues including cvpr and siggraph with more than citations. has filed more chapter cnn platform team than patents with industry leader licensees such weta digital. prior snap inc., worked research scientist adobe research. received his phd computer science from princeton university and from tsinghua university with honors. siddharth puri sid the co-founder tyroo media pvt ltd and svg media pvt ltd, and the founder smile internet technologies,leading internet groups india and south east asia. responsible for strategic collaboration, sales and business team management cnn platform. has years experience the digital media, advertising, internet and education industries, and also has extensive experience strategic collaboration, sales and business negotiation. dr. lei lei mathematician and expert machine learning/statistical learning. serves investment portfolio manager athena capital research, designing and managing cutting-edge quantitative trading strategies. lei received his ph.d. operations research and financial engineering from princeton university, and bachelor math/physics from tsinghua university. carlin carlin got her master's degree from king's college london(kcl) and spent summer university north carolina chapel hill exchange program. her research interests include big data, location-based services, etc. prior newsdog and cnn platform, she worked user growth expert uber china, and content analyst bytedance (jinri toutiao). ray tian ray active explorer cutting-edge technologies such social communication model. has created excellent user acquisition, incentive model and social marketing for newsdog. ray very experienced kol promotion, big data, e-commerce and content distribution. was the founding member zhou tian, e-commerce start-up. ray received his master's degree foreign linguistics and applied linguistics from lanzhou chapter cnn platform team university. tony zhu tony newsdog's back-end engineer leader. received his bachelor computer science from harbin institute technology. has extensive experience the design and development high concurrency and recommendation system architecture. tony has studied blockchain technology for several years, and previously served engineer, architect, and engineer leader tencent, douban, umeng and alibaba. now, the major engineer newsdog charge engineering architecture design and algorithm architecture. chapter advisors prof. shoucheng zhang prof. zhang the jackson and wood professor physics. member the national academy science, the american academy arts and sciences and foreign member the chinese academy sciences. discovered new state matter called topological insulator which electrons can conduct along the edge without dissipation, enabling new generation electronic devices with much lower power consumption. for his ground breaking work topological insulators, quantum spin hall effect, spintronics, quantum hall effect and high temperature superconductivity, received numerous international awards, including the buckley prize, the dirac medal and prize, the europhysics prize, the physics frontiers prize and the benjamin franklin medal. prof. zhang founded danhua capital focus investments startups from stanford and silicon valley, with focus blockchain projects and ai. prof. jianqing fan prof. fan frederick moore professor finance, director committee statistical studies, professor dept. orfe princeton university. also the director shanghai center for big data finance and innovations. was the former president the institute mathematical statistics and international chinese statistical association. prof. fan co-editing journal econometrics and was the co-editor the annals statistics, probability theory and related fields and econometrics journal. his published work has been recognized the copss presidents' award, the morningside gold medal applied mathematics, guggenheim fellow, p.l. hsu prize, royal statistical society guy medal silver, and election academician academia sinica and fellow american associations for advancement science, society financial econometrics, chapter advisors american statistical association, among others. kunal shah mr. shah indian entrepreneur, founder and ex-ceo freecharge which was acquired sanpdeal for million. co-founded freecharge seeing the potential online recharging growing market. after freecharge was acquired, shah was appointed the new ceo the company. also ex-chairman iamai forum, non-profit industry body registered under the societies act, and the only representative body internet and mobile value added services business india. shah graduated with bachelor arts degree philosophy from wilson college, mumbai. yahui zhou mr. zhou the founder and chairman beijing kunlun tech. successful entrepreneur, founded one the largest comics websites after that, served chief officer qianxiang century technology development (beijing) co., ltd. from mr. zhou also experienced investor who has invested several famous companies including qufenqi, inke, dada etc. and has incubated several unicorn companies. mr. zhou received his master's degree from tsinghua university. kevin wen mr. wen partner yuan ventures and experienced investor blockchain projects. prior joining yuan ventures, was the cofounder, director and president lightinthebox holding co. ltd., responsible for the company's marketing, product development and user experience. also the founder blogdrive.com, the earliest blog service platform china; served the vice president blogchina.com after the merge responsible for the company's overall product and commercial development. mickey tian mr. tian early adopter and long time supporter bitcoin since majored distributed systems and acquired bs/ms degree from dept. cs&t, tsinghua university. mickey served chief scientist the first bitcoin fund china, bitfundpe.com and was early supporter zerocoin upon its incarnation since which later became zcash. also invested bitfinex shareholder. mickey helped lot blockchain startups and chapter advisors advised them, including iost.io, data.eco and ddex.io. mickey also serial entrepreneur. architect, joined multiple startups which became was sold giants later their field such shenma inc. prof. winnie peng prof. peng associate director the tanoto center for asian family business and entrepreneurship studies hkust business school well adjunct associate professor department finance. her research and teaching interests include family business, entrepreneurship, private equity and venture capital. her articles are published top academic journals well local and international media. prof. peng has also published various case studies renowned family businesses and multinational corporations asia. she teaches family business courses for mba and emba students and senior executives global financial institutions. chapter risks you acknowledge and agree that there are numerous risks associated with purchasing cnn, holding cnn, and using cnn for participation the cnn platform. uncertain regulations and enforcement actions the regulatory status cnn and distributed ledger technology unclear unsettled many jurisdictions. impossible predict how, when whether regulatory agencies may apply existing regulations create new regulations with respect such technology and its applications, including cnn and/or the cnn platform. regulatory actions could negatively impact cnn and/or the cnn platform various ways. the foundation (or its affiliates) may cease operations jurisdiction the event that regulatory actions, changes law regulation, make illegal operate such jurisdiction, commercially undesirable obtain the necessary regulatory approval(s) operate such jurisdiction. after consulting with wide range legal advisors and continuous analysis the development and legal structure virtual currencies, the foundation will apply cautious approach towards the sale cnn. therefore, for the crowdsale, the foundation may constantly adjust the sale strategy order avoid relevant legal risks much possible. for the crowdsale, the foundation working with tzedek law llc, boutique corporate law firm singapore with good reputation the blockchain space. competitors possible that alternative networks could established that utilise the same similar code and protocol underlying cnn and/or the cnn platform and attempt re-create similar facilities. the cnn platform may required compete with these alternative networks, which could negatively impact cnn and/or the cnn platform. loss talent the development the cnn platform depends the continued cooperation the existing technical team and expert consultants, who are chapter risks highly knowledgeable and experienced their respective sectors. the loss any member may adversely affect the cnn platform its future development. failure develop there the risk that the development the cnn platform will not executed implemented planned, for variety reasons, including without limitation the event decline the prices any digital asset, virtual currency cnn, unforeseen technical difficulties, and shortage development funds for activities. security weaknesses hackers other malicious groups organisations may attempt interfere with cnn and/or the cnn platform variety ways, including, but not limited to, malware attacks, denial service attacks, consensusbased attacks, sybil attacks, smurfing and spoofing. furthermore, there risk that third party member the foundation its affiliates may intentionally unintentionally introduce weaknesses into the core infrastructure cnn and/or the cnn platform, which could negatively affect cnn and/or the cnn platform. other risks addition the aforementioned risks, there are other risks (as more particularly set out the terms and conditions) associated with your purchase, holding and use cnn, including those that the foundation cannot anticipate. such risks may further materialise unanticipated variations combinations the aforementioned risks. you should conduct full due diligence the foundation, its affiliates and the cnn team, well understand the overall framework and vision for the cnn platform prior purchasing cnn. bibliography buterin al., next-generation smart contract and decentralized application platform," https://github.com/ethereum/wiki/wiki/ white-paper, vogelsteller and buterin, "erc- token standard," https:// theethereum.wiki/w/index.php/erc token standard, nakamoto, "bitcoin: peer-to-peer electronic cash system," http: //bitcoin.org/bitcoin.pdf, "steem incentivized, blockchain-based, public content platform," https://steem.io/steemwhitepaper.pdf, "primas next generation ecosystem for valuable conte," https://primas. io/pdf/primas-..-en.pdf, "yoyow--a blockchain based content rewards network," https://yoyow. org/files/white-paper en.pdf, "locality-sensitive hashing," locality-sensitive hashing, https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ green, "zero knowledge proofs: illustrated primer," https://blog.cryptographyengineering.com//// zero-knowledge-proofs-illustrated-primer/, sergey brin, "the anatomy large-scale hypertextual web search engine," urlhttp://infolab.stanford.edu/pub/papers/google.pdf, page, "method for node ranking linked database," https://courses.cs.washington.edu/courses/cset/sp/docs/ us.pdf, schuh and larimer, "bitshares general overview," https: //bravenewcoin.com/assets/whitepapers/bitshares-general.pdf, bibliography castro, liskov al., "practical byzantine fault tolerance," http: //pmg.csail.mit.edu/papers/osdi.pdf, pp. "on sharding blockchains," https://github.com/ethereum/wiki/wiki/ sharding-faq/. david vorick, "sia: simple decentralized storage," https://sia. tech/whitepaper.pdf/, "storj peer-to-peer cloud storage network," https://storj.io/storj. pdf/, irvine, "maidsafe distributed file system," http://docs.maidsafe.net/ whitepapers/pdf/maidsafedistributedfilesystem.pdf/, benet, "ipfs-content addressed, versioned, file system," https://blog.acolyer.org//// ipfs-content-addressed-versioned-pp-file-system/, david salamon, simonsson, with stephen bell, and ph.d., "orchid: enabling decentralized network formation and probabilistic micro-payments," https://orchidprotocol.com/ whitepaper.pdf,