cortex blockchain the decentralized autonomous system ziqi chen zchen@cortexlabs.ai weiyang wang weiyang.wang@cortexlabs.ai xiao yan xiao.yan@cortexlabs.ai jia tian mickey@cortexlabs.ai abstract the current blockchain world, the chain built-in turing complete smart contracts widely used, attracting large number application developers. however, due the high cost over-idealized world computer concept, smart contracts limit their capabilities design stage and not fully exploit turing complete immense computational potential. result, developers are limited write short programs and access only very small amount resources. while the proliferation common smart contracts depends the performance gains new technologies, some extremely useful routines can introduced ahead time and can applied with reasonable optimization and hardware support. this article describes new public chain, cortex. revising and extending the instruction set, cortex adds algorithms support for smart contracts that anyone can add their smart contracts. the same time, cortex has proposed incentive mechanism for collective collaboration that allows anyone submit and optimize models cortex, and the contributors the models can rewarded. just what's happening some areas, thanks cortex's openness and sharing features, cortex set create many models that transcend human capabilities. the same time, social experiment, also look forward the artificial general intelligence (agi) being born the cortex. cortex blockchain version important: you must read the following disclaimer full before continuing the sale ("token sale") the cortex coin ("cortex coins"), the exchange medium for participants the cortex platform detailed this whitepaper (the "whitepaper") only intended for, made directed at, only certain persons. moreover, this whitepaper not prospectus offer document any sort and not intended constitute offer securities any form, units business trust, units collective investment scheme any other form investment, solicitation for any form investment any jurisdiction. regulatory authority has examined approved any the information set out this whitepaper. this whitepaper has not been registered with any regulatory authority any jurisdiction. accessing and/or accepting possession any information this whitepaper such part thereof (as the case may be), you represent and warrant cortex labs pte. ltd. (singapore company registration no.: (the "project company") and neocortex global limited (bvi company no.: (the "token issuer") that: (a) you are not located the people's republic china and you are not citizen resident (tax otherwise) of, domiciled in, the people's republic china; (b) you are not located the united states america and you are not citizen, resident (tax otherwise) green card holder of, domiciled in, the united states america unless you are u.s. qualified person (as defined herein); (c) you are not located jurisdiction where the token sale prohibited, restricted unauthorized any form manner whether full part under its laws, regulatory requirements rules; (d) you agree bound the limitations and restrictions described herein; and (e) you acknowledge that this whitepaper has been prepared for delivery you assist you making decision whether purchase the cortex coins. cortex blockchain version nomenclature dapps asgd bft cnn cvm erc evm fhe gan kaggle pos pow rnn vae zk-snarks zk-starks zsl decentralized artificial intelligence applications asynchronous stochastic gradient descent byzantine fault tolerant convolutional neural network cortex virtual machine the ethereum token standard ethereum request for comment ethereum virtual machine fully homomorphic encryption generative adversarial network homomorphic encryption centralized platform for machine learning researchers submit and compete models proof stake proof work reinforcement learning recurrent neural network variational autoencoder zero-knowledge succinct non-interactive argument knowledge zero-knowledge succinct transparent arguments knowledge zero-knowledge security layer cortex blockchain version contents introduction background blockchain feasibility analysis dapps system architecture expanding the capabilities smart contracts and blockchain cortex intelligent inference framework model submission framework smart contract model and data storage cortex consensus inference criteria model selection and valuation consensus mechanismpow mining fraud prevention and model screening software solutions cvm: evm inference cortex core instruction set and framework standards cortex model representation tool storage layer model indexing model cache full node experiment hardware solutions cuda and rocm fpga full node hardware configuration requirements multi-gpu and legendary usb mining hardware modifications for existing gpu mining farm mining and computing mobile devices and iot applications and future work application cases information service financial services assistant simulation environment future work cortex blockchain version data privacy block size and tps improvement adapter chips mobile devices roadmap token model cortex coin (ctxc) rewards for model provider cost for model provider model complexity and endorphin spend token distribution token issuance curve core team members advisors technical advisors academic advisors business advisors organization partnerships leading investors cortex mathematical representations blockchain summary basic types for deep learning supervised learning unsupervised learning other types learning b.. semi-supervised learning b.. active learning b.. reinforcement learning b.. transfer learning distributed cloud computing practice for deep learning model parallel data parallel others cortex lab existing achievements cortex blockchain version important notice this whitepaper current form being circulated for general information and invite investor feedback only the cortex platform presently conceived, and subject review and revision the directors the token issuer and/or the project company, the advisers, and/or legal advisers the token issuer and/or the project company. please not replicate distribute any part this whitepaper without this note accompaniment. part this whitepaper intended create legal relations between recipient this whitepaper legally binding enforceable such recipient against the token issuer and/or the project company. updated version this whitepaper may published date determined and announced the token issuer and/or the project company due course. please read this section and the following sections entitled disclaimer liability, representations and warranties, representations and warranties you, cautionary note forwardlooking statements, third party information and consent other persons, terms used, advice, further information update, restrictions distribution and dissemination, offer investment registration and risks and uncertainties carefully. you are any doubt the action you should take, you should consult your legal, financial, tax other professional advisor(s). the cortex coins are not intended constitute securities any form, units business trust, units collective investment scheme any other form investment any jurisdiction. this whitepaper does not constitute prospectus offer document any sort and not intended constitute offer securities any form, units business trust, units collective investment scheme any other form investment, solicitation for any form investment any jurisdiction. this whitepaper does not constitute form part any opinion any advice acquire, sell, any solicitation any offer the project company the token issuer acquire any cortex coins nor shall any part nor the fact its presentation form the basis of, relied upon connection with, any contract investment decision. the proceeds from the sale the cortex coins will deployed support ongoing development and growth the cortex platform, business development, partnerships and community support activities. person bound enter into any contract binding legal commitment relation the acquisition cortex coins and cryptocurrency other form payment accepted the basis this whitepaper. any agreement between the token issuer and you participant the token sale, and relation any purchase cortex coins, governed only separate document setting out the terms and conditions (the "token sale terms") such agreement. the event any inconsistencies between the token sale terms and this whitepaper, the former shall prevail. please note that the token issuer will not offer sell you, and you are not eligible purchase any cortex coins the token sale if: (a) you are located the people's republic china you are citizen resident (tax otherwise) of, domiciled in, the people's republic china; (b) you are located the united states america you are citizen, resident (tax otherwise) green card holder of, domiciled in, the united states america, unless you are u.s. qualified person; (c) such token sale prohibited, restricted unauthorized any form manner whether full part under the laws, regulatory requirements rules the jurisdiction which you are located, the time your intended purchase purchase the cortex coins the token sale. regulatory authority has examined approved any the information set out this whitepaper. such action has been will taken under the laws, regulatory requirements rules any cortex blockchain version jurisdiction. the publication, distribution dissemination this whitepaper does not imply that the applicable laws, regulatory requirements rules have been complied with. there are risks and uncertainties associated with the project company and the token issuer and their business and operations, the cortex coins, the token sale, and the cortex platform. please refer the section entitled risks and disclosures set out the end this whitepaper. this whitepaper, any part thereof and any copy thereof must not taken transmitted any country where distribution dissemination this whitepaper prohibited restricted. part this whitepaper reproduced, distributed disseminated without including this section and the following sections entitled "disclaimer liability", "no representations and warranties", "representations and warranties you", "cautionary note forward-looking statements", "third party information and consent other persons", "terms used", "no advice", "no further information update", "restrictions distribution and dissemination", "no offer investment registration" and "risks and uncertainties". disclaimer liability the maximum extent permitted the applicable laws, regulations and rules, the project company and/or the token issuer shall not liable for any indirect, special, incidental, consequential other losses any kind, tort, contract otherwise (including but not limited loss revenue, income profits, and loss use data), arising out connection with any acceptance reliance this whitepaper any part thereof you. representations and warranties the project company and the token issuer not make purport make, and hereby disclaim, any representation, warranty undertaking any form whatsoever any entity person, including any representation, warranty undertaking relation the truth, accuracy and completeness any the information set out this whitepaper. representations and warranties you accessing and/or accepting possession any information this whitepaper such part thereof (as the case may be), you represent and warrant the project company and the token issuer follows: (a) you agree and acknowledge that the cortex coins not constitute securities any form, units business trust, units collective investment scheme any other form investment any jurisdiction; (b) you are not: (i) located the people's republic china citizen resident (tax otherwise) of, domiciled in, the people's republic china; (ii) located the united states america citizen, resident (tax otherwise) green card holder of, domiciled in, the united states america, unless you are u.s. qualified person (as defined herein); (iii) located jurisdiction where the token sale prohibited, restricted unauthorized any form manner whether full part under the laws, regulatory requirements rules such jurisdiction; (c) you are located the united states america citizen, resident (tax otherwise) green card holder of, domiciled in, the united states america, you are u.s. qualified person, being person (being either individual legal entity person, including without limitation governmental authority) who accredited investor defined rule (a) regulation under the u.s. securities act may modified, amended supplemented from time time; cortex blockchain version (d) you agree and acknowledge that this whitepaper does not constitute prospectus offer document any sort and not intended constitute offer securities any form, units business trust, units collective investment scheme any other form investment any jurisdiction, solicitation for any form investment, and you are not bound enter into any contract binding legal commitment and cryptocurrency other form payment accepted the basis this whitepaper; (e) you acknowledge and understand that cortex coin should construed, interpreted, classified treated enabling, according any opportunity to, tokenholders participate receive profits, income, other payments returns arising from connection with the cortex coins the proceeds the token sale, receive sums paid out such profits, income, other payments returns; (f) you agree and acknowledge that regulatory authority has examined approved the information set out this whitepaper, action has been will taken under the laws, regulatory requirements rules any jurisdiction and the publication, distribution dissemination this whitepaper you does not imply that the applicable laws, regulatory requirements rules have been complied with; (g) you agree and acknowledge that this whitepaper, the undertaking and/or the completion the token sale, future trading cortex coins any cryptocurrency exchange, shall not construed, interpreted deemed you indication the merits the project company, the token issuer, the cortex coins, the token sale, and the cortex platform; (h) the distribution dissemination this whitepaper, any part thereof any copy thereof, acceptance the same you, not prohibited restricted the applicable laws, regulations rules your jurisdiction, and where any restrictions relation possession are applicable, you have observed and complied with all such restrictions your own expense and without liability the project company and/or the token issuer; (i) you agree and acknowledge that the case where you wish acquire any cortex coins, cortex coins are not construed, interpreted, classified treated as: (i) (ii) (iii) (iv) (v) (vi) (vii) (viii) any kind currency other than cryptocurrency; debentures, stocks shares issued any person entity; rights, options derivatives respect such debentures, stocks shares; rights under contract for differences under any other contract the purpose pretended purpose which secure profit avoid loss; units collective investment scheme; units business trust; derivatives units business trust; any form investment; (j) you are legally permitted participate the token sale and all actions contemplated associated with such participation, including the holding and use cortex coins; (k) the amounts that you use acquire the cortex coins were not and are not directly indirectly derived from any activities that contravene the laws and regulations any jurisdiction, including anti-money laundering laws and regulations; (l) you are natural person, you are sufficient age and capacity under the applicable laws the jurisdiction which you reside and the jurisdiction which you are citizen participate the token sale; (m) you are not obtaining using cortex coins for any illegal purpose; (n) you have basic degree understanding the operation, functionality, usage, storage, transmission mechanisms and other material characteristics cryptocurrencies, blockchain-based software systems, cryptocurrency wallets other related token storage mechanisms, blockchain technology, and smart contract technology; (o) you are fully aware and understand that the case where you wish purchase any cortex coins, there are risks associated with the project company and the token issuer and their business and operations, cortex coins, the token sale, and the cortex platform; cortex blockchain version (p) you bear the sole responsibility determine what tax implications purchase cortex coins may have for you and agree not hold the project company, the token issuer and/or any other person involved the token sale liable for any tax liability associated with arising therefrom; (q) you agree and acknowledge that the project company and the token issuer are not liable for any direct, indirect, special, incidental, consequential other losses any kind, tort, contract otherwise (including but not limited loss revenue, income profits, and loss use data), arising out connection with any acceptance reliance this whitepaper any part thereof you; (r) you waive the right participate class action lawsuit class wide arbitration against the project company, the token issuer and/or any person involved the token sale and/or with the creation and distribution cortex coins; and (s) all the above representations and warranties are true, complete, accurate and non-misleading from the time your access and/or acceptance possession this whitepaper such part thereof (as the case may be). cautionary note forward-looking statements all statements contained this whitepaper, statements made press releases any place accessible the public and oral statements that may made the project company its directors, executive officers employees acting behalf the project company and/or the token issuer (as the case may be), that are not statements historical fact, constitute "forward-looking statements". some these statements can identified forward-looking terms such "aim", "target", "anticipate", "believe", "could", "estimate", "expect", "if", "intend", "may", "plan", "possible", "probable", "project", "should", "would", "will" other similar terms. however, these terms are not the exclusive means identifying forward-looking statements. all statements regarding the project company and/or the token issuer's business strategies, plans and prospects and the future prospects the industry which the project company and/or the token issuer are forward-looking statements. these forward-looking statements, including but not limited statements the project company and/or the token issuer's prospects, future plans, other expected industry trends and other matters discussed this whitepaper regarding the project company and/or the token issuer are matters that are not historic facts, but only predictions. these forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause the actual future results, performance achievements the project company and/or the token issuer materially different from any future results, performance achievements expected, expressed implied such forward-looking statements. these factors include, amongst others: (a) changes political, social, economic and stock cryptocurrency market conditions, and the regulatory environment the countries which the project company and/or the token issuer conduct their business and operations; (b) the risk that the project company may unable execute implement its business strategies and future plans; (c) changes interest rates and exchange rates fiat currencies and cryptocurrencies; (d) changes the anticipated growth strategies and expected internal growth the project company and the cortex platform; (e) changes the availability and fees payable the project company connection with its businesses and operations the cortex platform; (f) changes the availability and salaries employees who are required the project company and/or the token issuer operate their business and operations; (g) changes preferences users the cortex platform; (h) changes competitive conditions under which the project company operates, and the ability the project company compete under such conditions; (i) changes the future capital needs the project company and the availability financing and capital fund such needs; cortex blockchain version (j) war acts international domestic terrorism; (k) occurrences catastrophic events, natural disasters and acts god that affect the businesses and/or operations the project company and/or the token issuer; (l) other factors beyond the control the project company and/or the token issuer; and (m) any risk and uncertainties associated with the project company and the token issuer and their business and operations, the cortex coins, the token sale, and the cortex platform. all forward-looking statements made attributable the project company, the token issuer and/or persons acting behalf the project company and/or the token issuer are expressly qualified their entirety such factors. given that risks and uncertainties that may cause the actual future results, performance achievements the project company and/or the token issuer materially different from that expected, expressed implied the forward-looking statements this whitepaper, undue reliance must not placed these statements. these forward-looking statements are applicable only the date this whitepaper. none the project company, the token issuer any other person represents, warrants, and/or undertakes that the actual future results, performance achievements the project company and/or the token issuer will discussed those forward-looking statements. the actual results, performance achievements the project company and/or the token issuer may differ materially from those anticipated these forward-looking statements. nothing contained this whitepaper may relied upon promise, representation undertaking the future performance policies the project company and/or the token issuer. further, the project company and the token issuer disclaim any responsibility update any those forward-looking statements publicly announce any revisions those forward-looking statements reflect future developments, events circumstances, even new information becomes available other events occur the future. third party information and consent other persons this whitepaper includes information obtained from various third party sources ("third party information"). none the publishers third party information has consented the inclusion third party information this whitepaper and therefore not liable for third party information. while reasonable action has been taken ensure that third party information has been included their proper form and context, neither the project company and the token issuer nor their respective directors, executive officers, and employees acting its behalf, has independently verified the accuracy, reliability, completeness the contents, ascertained any applicable underlying assumption, the relevant third party information. consequently, neither the project company and the token issuer nor their respective directors, executive officers and employees acting their behalf makes any representation warranty the accuracy, reliability completeness such information and shall not obliged provide any updates the same. terms used facilitate better understanding the cortex coins being the subject the sale conducted the token issuer, and the business and operations the project company and the token issuer, certain technical terms and abbreviations, well as, certain instances, their descriptions, have been used this whitepaper. these descriptions and assigned meanings should not treated being definitive their meanings and may not correspond standard industry meanings usage. words importing the singular shall, where applicable, include the plural and vice versa and words importing the masculine gender shall, where applicable, include the feminine and neuter genders and vice versa. references persons shall include corporations. cortex blockchain version advice information this whitepaper should considered business, legal, financial tax advice regarding the project company, the token issuer, the cortex coins, the token sale, the cortex platform. you should consult your own legal, financial, tax other professional adviser regarding the project company and the token issuer and their business and operations, the cortex coins, the token sale, and the cortex platform. you should aware that you may required bear the financial risk any purchase cortex coins for indefinite period time. further information update person has been authorised give any information representation not contained this whitepaper connection with the project company and the token issuer and their business and operations, the cortex coins, the token sale, the cortex blockchain, given, such information representation must not relied upon having been authorised behalf the project company the token issuer. the token sale shall not, under any circumstances, constitute continuing representation create any suggestion implication that there has been change, development reasonably likely involve material change the affairs, conditions and prospects the project company and/or the token issuer any statement fact information contained this whitepaper since the date hereof. restrictions distribution and dissemination the distribution dissemination this whitepaper any part thereof may prohibited restricted the laws, regulatory requirements, and rules any jurisdiction. the case where any restriction applies, you are inform yourself about, and observe, any restrictions which are applicable your possession this whitepaper such part thereof (as the case may be) your own expense and without liability the project company and the token issuer. persons whom copy this whitepaper has been distributed disseminated, provided access who otherwise have the whitepaper their possession shall not circulate any other persons, reproduce otherwise distribute this whitepaper any information contained herein for any purpose whatsoever nor permit cause the same occur. offer investment registration this whitepaper does not constitute prospectus offer document any sort and not intended constitute offer securities any form, units business trust, units collective investment scheme any other form investment, solicitation for any form investment any jurisdiction. person bound enter into any contract binding legal commitment and cryptocurrency other form payment accepted the basis this whitepaper. regulatory authority has examined approved any the information set out this whitepaper. such action has been will taken under the laws, regulatory requirements rules any jurisdiction. the publication, distribution dissemination this whitepaper does not imply that the applicable laws, regulatory requirements rules have been complied with. risks and uncertainties prospective purchasers cortex coins should carefully consider and evaluate all risks and uncertainties associated with the project company and the token issuer and their business and operations, the cortex coins, the token sale, and the cortex platform, all information set out this whitepaper and the token sale terms prior any purchase the cortex coins. any such risks and uncertainties develops into actual events, the business, financial condition, results operations and prospects the project company and/or the token issuer could materially and adversely affected. such cases, you may lose all part the value the cortex coins. please refer the risk factors set out pages this whitepaper. cortex blockchain version introduction know thyself. ancient greek aphorism temple apollo delphi two possibilities exist: either are alone the universe are not. both are equally terrifying. arthur charles clarke after hundreds millions years evolution, the wisdom mankind shines its peak, illuminating the future the fog, and the loneliness accompanies even stronger. fear the unknown, its own confusion and the pursuit reality, make mankind whole, feel the unprecedented loneliness. therefore, human study life, devote all efforts create new automatic machines, hoping surpass the speed evolution, accelerating into the future. january bitcoin launched genesis block self-sustaining system that ingeniously drove participants maintain their operations and provided limited but highly disruptive financial functionalities. june ethereum went live, adding turing-complete smart contracts the blockchain, allowing for consensus the execution short programs. compared bitcoin, ethereum can perform more complex computations and provide richer response, yet these contracts are not self-evolving codes. instead, they are collection purely rule-based and recursive programs. with reference conway's life game [], the virtual currency network based technology can defined life the internet, maintaining its existence providing financial functions. long there one single full node alive, the state the network can sustained, and can respond the interaction from the outside world. however, since the human longing for intelligent network has not manifested yet, these primitive networks have remained relatively simple. based this, cortex has added consensus the network. this facilitates all nodes working together reach consensus the implementation smart contract that requires empower the system with intelligent responses. stand-alone public chain compatible with evm smart contracts, cortex runs both existing contracts and inferred contracts with and will survive smarter web presence after the genesis block released. cortex, due open source and natural competition mechanisms, the best model will survive enhance the intelligence level the network. from machine learning researcher's point view, the cortex platform brings together open models variety basic smart applications with the state the art quality, which will greatly accelerate their research and drive adoptions much faster. once deployed, the chain also allows the computation the model get the whole network notarized automatically. still unknown whether aliens exists not, but human beings are longer alone when they are accompanied the ai. background existing blockchain contracts can only perform simple smart contract computations, which cannot satisfy the application real-world ai. the blockchain addresses the transmission and accounting decentralized value networks. bitcoin uses sha proof work (pow) for consensus the computational contribution, with each block divided into three parts, namely: the hash value the last block serves the block header the current block; pending transactions *,tn within the time window will hashed into block coinbase; and including miner's address, which normally the address mining pool, the the input hash functions, will dispatched pool server each miner, who will complete certain computations. the goal find h(x, nonce) target difficulty, where nonce appended randomized guessing number. the computation result will verified the whole network nodes get the reward out the block the exact miner's address, and then the whole network enters the computation the next block, thus forming chain eventually. addition, there are some other information, such version number, merkle tree, timestamp, etc. cortex blockchain version the whole mining process can summarized as: sha(sha(version prev_hash merkle_root ntime nbits nonce)) target ethereum makes use uncle blocks improve network concurrency. particular, both the ethereum network and the rootstock network are designed for smart contracts the chain. the consensus and tamper-proof make blockchain automatically ensures the enforcement the contract, contract execution, and funds allocation, thus eliminating the trust and dependence people other third parties. the substantial increase computing power has led the rise recent years. machine learning problems the field can generalized the following form: for problem and the input data set for this problem, metric given, from which the model obtained, that the evaluation the model this problem improved. this form, all machine learning problems can attributed the following elements: input, where stands for; output, where stands for; metric, where stands for. the learning algorithms need solve the problem: maximize minimize: p(y, m(d)). appendix and give more detailed descriptions and math statements the specific issues. the process optimizing the objective function, various numerical methods are often used iteratively gradient descent find the global optimal solution. large-scale distributed learning often adopts asgd (asynchronous stochastic gradient descent) optimize the results. sometimes, for particular problems, the training can only obtain sub-optimal solution certain distance from the global optimum according distribution. due the innate central tendency machine learning training, centralized large cluster has unparalleled advantage over loosely coupled decentralized cluster. the project company committed building cluster off the chain for training and thus optimizing the on-chain model. blockchain feasibility analysis there are currently number ais blockchain projects, which are conceptualized basic fashion and present concrete practical solutions. the directions are summarized follows: attempting combine reinforcement learning with distributed mining. establishing platform for data exchange and machine learning tasks publishing. providing all chains machine learning api call. the process training, homomorphic encryption used keep the users' data privacy confidential. the current research interest blockchain lies the guarantee privacy namely fungibility. the homomorphic encryption scheme can protect both user data and the model from being stolen others the cloud computing. the so-called homomorphic encryption refers encryption method that makes the result operation plaintext equivalent the result operation ciphertext (equivalent the encryption operator unchanged): e(x) e(y) e(x for fhe (full homomorphic encryption), means invariance met for any operator although there are theoretical papers that prove the feasibility completely homomorphic encryptions, due the amounts computation being too large, there practical industrial application. addition, there encryption method called swhe (somewhat homomorphic encryption) that supports only certain functions such polynomials, algebraic multiplications, additions, and on. for machine learning problems, there are currently three situations: data encryption, model parameters are not encrypted. this case, the user more concerned about data confidentiality, such patient's data. data not encrypted, model parameters are encrypted. this case, the user simply wants train test his own model and does not care about the data. cortex blockchain version both data and model parameters are encrypted. for the third case, the encryption algorithm the private key different, the data cannot trained. for example, user provides model and user provides the data, the training process cannot carried out. for data model encryption, the exact value the loss function will unknown because the last residual function computed being encrypted. this moment, the model cannot assessed, cross-validation cannot done avoid over-fitting, and hyper-parameter adjustments (such critical learning rates) cannot made. all hyper-parameter adjustments must confirmed the publisher after decryption. for the first two cases, fhe not considered the moment due the high computational complexity. only the swhe method with less computational complexity usable. after testing, the computational complexity the state the art still very high. compared with the traditional method, use the homomorphic encryption train and infer the model, the computational complexity increases magnitudes, which unacceptable. for the decentralized parallel training, due the current difficulties terms network bandwidth, synchronization parameter difficulty and training progress consensus, cortex has introduced the world's top notch experts distributed machine learning solve the issue. cortex's main mission provide the best class machine learning models the blockchain, and users can infer using smart contracts the cortex blockchain. the cortex goal also includes implementing machine learning platform that allows users post tasks the platform, submit models, make inferences calling intelligent contracts, and create their own dapps (artificial intelligence decentralized applications). figure dapp dapps cortex brings smart contracts, making the following applications possible: information services: personalized recommendation system, search engine, news writing services. finance: credit, intelligent investment advisory. assistant: automatic q&a, industry knowledge map, speech synthesis, face attribute prediction. simulation environment: auto-driving, and other reinforcement learning applications. cortex blockchain version system architecture expanding the capabilities smart contracts and blockchain cortex intelligent inference framework model providers will not limited those under the project company. machine learning researchers around the world can upload well-trained corresponding data models the storage layer. other users who need this models can make inferences using models and paying their providers. each inference, full node synchronizes the model and the data from the storage tier the local site. making inference using cortex's unique virtual machine, cvm (cortex virtual machine), synchronizes the results the whole network, and returns the result. given model, the output, being the results obtained from data plugged into the model, intelligent inference process. every time user initiates transaction, performs smart contract, performs intelligent inference, the user needs pay certain amount endorphin. endorphin the pricing unit that required paid for dealing transactions executing smart contracts the cortex chain. the amount endorphin required for each payment depends the difficulty the model operation and the model ranking. the price endorphin market-driven, which dynamic conversion rate between endorphin and cortex coin, reflecting cortex's cost executing smart contracts. the more the number people who initiate transactions execute smart contracts the same time, the higher the price endorphin. depends the gaming between miners and people who initiate transactions execute smart contracts. the equivalent cortex coin for the amount endorphin required split into two parts, one for the miners' cost packaging the transactions block and the other for the model provider who attracts smart contracts request inference services. cortex will set cap this ratio for the percentage paid the model provider. cortex will add infer instruction the smart contract, making possible support the use cortex blockchain models smart contracts. figure inference process the following pseudocode shows how use infer smart contract. the data inferred the model once user calls these smart contracts: cortex blockchain version inference pseudocode myaicontract infertype res ... myaifunction ... model_hash ... ... contract infertype ... model submission framework the previous section, analyzed the pitfalls and feasibility training the blockchain. cortex also provides submission interface for training off-chain, including the instruction-interpreting virtual machine for models. this will set bridge between computing power providers and algorithm providers for trading and collaboration. the user parses the model into model string via cortex's cvm, parses the parameters the storage layer, and publishes generic interface let the smart contract programmers call. the model provider needs pay certain storage fee ensure that the model can persistently saved the storage layer. part the fee charged for inference calling this model smart contract delivered the model provider. the provider can also withdraw and update accordingly needed. the case withdrawals, order ensure that the smart contract calling this model works properly, the project company will host according the usage the model and keep invoking the model for fee equal the storage and maintenance costs. cortex also provides interface upload the model the storage layer and obtain the model hash. the provider then initiates transaction, executing smart contract write the model hash into the storage, that all users are apprised the model's input and output status. figure model submission process smart contract cortex allows users write machine learning programs the blockchain, and submit some interactions that depends other contracts. for example, the interactions between pets the electronic pet cryptokitties running ethereum can dynamic, intelligent, and evolutionary. through the uploaded reinforcement learning model, given the smart contracts, users can easily achieve variety similar applications. cortex blockchain version the same time, cortex provides interface calls for other blockchains. for example, the blockchains bitcoin cash and ethereum, cortex provides the wallet address analysis results based smart contracts; the models being used for addresses analysis will not only helpful for regulation technologies but will also provide general public with risk-based assessment the transaction recipient. model and data storage rather than actually storing models and data, the cortex blockchain stores the hash values the model and the data. the key-value storage system off-chain. new models and new data are available the cortex blockchain after there are enough copies spreading over the whole network. cortex consensus inference criteria when user initiates transaction contract, the full node needs execute the code the smart contract. the difference between cortex and ordinary smart contracts that intelligent contracts may involve inference instructions, and subsequently require all nodes agree the result this inferred result. the full node implementation process is: the full node locates the model the storage layer querying the model index and downloads the model string and the corresponding data parameter the model. the model string translated into executable code using the cortex model representation tool. through the virtual machine cvm provided cortex, the implementation executable code, the results all node broadcast consensus. the cortex model representation tool can divided into two parts: using the model representation tool, model providers convert the model code, which can written machine learning framework familiar them such mxnet tensorflow, into model string such that the string could submitted the storage layer. after all the full nodes download the model string, the string needs converted through cortex model representation tool into executable code perform the inference the cvm. the role the cvm that every inference execution all full nodes deterministic, chapter and chapter describes the implementation details the cortex model presentation tool and cvm. figure inference process full nodes cortex blockchain version model selection and valuation cortex blockchain will not restrict the model, the user can rely the number inference calls relatively objective model evaluation criteria. when cortex users have high-precision demands the model inference regardless the computational cost, cortex supports retaining the original model parameters using floating-point numbers. thus, official third-party agency can both rank the model defining its own mechanism (recall, accuracy, computation speed, benchmarking dataset, etc.) and display third-party websites applications. consensus mechanismpow mining for long time, one-cpu-one-vote the ideal goal digital cryptocurrency community. however, this vision has not been realized. the reason that asic's special design significantly improves the computation speed. communities and academics have explored number memory hard algorithms make graphics and cpu mining more user-friendly, which aims make spending large amount capital buying specialized mining equipment less advantageous. recent community practice shows that dagger-hashimoto ethereum and equihash zcash are algorithmic practices for more successful gpu priorities. cortex will further give priority one-machine-one-vote, using cuckoo cycle pow further narrow the gap between cpu and gpu speedup ratio. the same time cortex blockchain will fully explore the performance smart phone gpu, making the difference between mobile phones and desktop gpus more line with the ratio the general hardware platform evaluation tools (such gfxbench): for example, the best consumer level gpu times more powerful than the best mobile phone gpu. taking into account the lower power consumption mobile computing, more feasible for larger number mobile phones charging nighttime mine cortex blockchain. particularly noteworthy that there direct link between consensus algorithms for block encryption and the computation intelligent inference the chain. pow guarantees more fairness the hardware the miners involved mining while the intelligent inference contract automatically provides pvi (public verifiable inference). fraud prevention and model screening since the model completely open source, can copied plagiarized. under normal circumstances, very good model, there will often lot usage after going live, and copying these models would not have great advantages. however, some special cases, where there obvious plagiarism full reproduction, the project company will intervene and arbitrate, through the blockchain oracle for publicity. software solutions cvm: evm inference mentioned earlier, cortex has its own virtual machine called the cortex virtual machine (cvm). the cvm instruction set fully evm-compatible, and addition, cvm provides support for inference instructions. cortex will add new infer instruction xc. the input instruction the inferred code, the output the inferred result. the contents the virtual machine instructions used cvm are described table cortex core instruction set and framework standards typical applications image problems, speech semantic textual problems, and reinforcement learning problems require the following tensors without exceptions. the cost cortex's tensor operations potential anchor for endorphin billing, which parses the core instruction set for machine learning and deep learning. different computing frameworks, this term often referred the network layer operator. tensor computational operations: tensor numerical four operations: input tensors, numerical and four operators cortex blockchain version table cvm instruction set prefix instructions stop and arithmetic operations comparison bitwise logic operations sha environmental information block information stack, memory, storage and flow operations push operations duplication operations exchange operations logging operations cortex operations infer system operations four bitwise operation between tensors: input two tensors and four operators tensor bitwise function operations: input tensor and power functions, trigonometric functions, power and logarithmic functions, inequality functions, random number generating functions, rounding functions and on. dimensional reduction tensor: input tensors and meet the binding law and exchange law. broadcast operation between tensors: input tensors, padding for lower dimensional tensors for bitwise operations multiplication between tensors: including operations such tensor and matrix, matrix multiplication matrix multiplication with vectors, and matrix multiplication. for example, the nchw nhwc tensor storage mode. tensor reconstruction operations: dimensionality exchange, expansion and compression sort dimensionality value padding join channel splicing cropping image neural network specific operations: full connection neural network activation function mainly depends the tensor bitwise function operations. convolution (including convolutional kernels with different scales, holes, grouping, etc.) deconvolution operation and linear interpolation operation through upsampling/unpooling common auxiliary operations (such the first second order statistics batchnorm) image-based aided computing (such the deformation convolutional network parameter module) specific tasks aided computing (such roipooling, roialign module) the mainstream computing frameworks have been covered the cortex core instruction set. subject the implementation blas different platforms, cortex supports the conversion cortex model with floating-point (float, float) parameters fixed-point number (int, int) parameter model al. []han al. [], such that the consensus across frameworks achieved. cortex blockchain version cortex model representation tool the cortex mrt (model representation tool) creates open, flexible standard that enables deep learning frameworks and tools interoperable. enables users migrate deep learning models from one framework another, making them easier put into production. the blockchain open ecosystem, makes more accessible and valuable: developers will choose the right framework for their tasks, framework authors will focus innovation and enhancements, and hardware vendors will simplify optimization. for example, developers can use frameworks like pytorch train complex computer vision models and infer using cntk, apache mxnet, tensorflow. the cortex mrt was designed for representation: mapping strings mainstream neural network models, the finest granular instructions supported the probabilistic model organization: mapping the instruction set the main neural network framework code transfer: providing isomorphic detection tools that allow the same models migrate each other different machine learning neural network frameworks storage layer cortex can use any key-value storage system, such ipfs and libtorrent, save the model. the abstraction layer cortex's data storage does not depend any specific distributed storage solution. distributed hash tables ipfs can used solve storage problems. for different devices, cortex adopts different strategies: the full node always stores the blockchain data model the mobile phone node takes bitcoin spv mode, with only small full-size model cortex only responsible for consensus inference, and does not store any training sets. help contract authors filter the model and avoid over-fitting data model cheats, contract authors can submit test sets the project company, which publishes the model results. call from the contract level will queued the memory pool, waiting for the block, and will packaged into the block confirmed transaction. the data broadcast the full node during caching, including the mining pool. for models and data that exceed cortex's current storage limits, such medical hologram data, which could dozens gbs, communities would have wait for cortex updating protocols for storage limits and additional support future. cortex able cover the vast majority applications such pictures, voices, texts, short videos, etc. for cortex's full nodes, requires more storage space than existing bitcoin and ethereum keep cached data test sets and data models. taking into account moore's law, storage prices will continue decline, and thus will not constitute too much obstacle. for each data model, annotation information created within the metadata for retrieval on-chain calls. the format metadata expressed table model indexing cortex stores all the models. each node, for each transaction that needs verified, necessary quickly retrieve the corresponding model for inference the smart contract involves consensus inference. the memory full node, cortex will index locally stored models and retrieve them based addresses within smart contracts. model cache cortex's full node storage capacity limited, cannot save all the models the entire network. cache introduced solve this problem. full node maintains model cache locally. replacement strategies vary implementation, with the most commonly used, lru (least recently used), fifo (first first out) and others typically available, well any other solution increase the hit ratio. cortex blockchain version table metadata keyword example field method training loss function rank model size acbcffecceca speech, image, etc. nasnet large false model deployed else true softmax, hinge loss, divergence byte dataset dimension size dtype imagenetk place dim input, e.g. for image e.g. float range predict dimension size [,],[,] top predictions dim output e.g. model: input: output: full node experiment this chapter describes the results some experiments single machine for the throughput inference instructions executed all nodes. test platform configuration is: cpu: gpu: xti ram: disk: ssd evo the test code used the experiment based python and mxnet, and mainly contains the following models: caffenet network network squeezenet vgg vgg inception batchnorm resnet- resnet-xd all models can found the mxnet documentation experiments were performed the cpu and gpu test the inference speed these models the platform. these tests not consider the speed reading the model, with all models loaded into host gpu memory advance. the test results are shown table the batch size parentheses (the amount data samples imported one batch), and all gpu test results are based the single card. http://mxnet.incubator.apache.org/model_zoo/index.html cortex blockchain version table inference performance model caffenet network network squeezenet vgg vgg inception v/bn resnet- resnet-xd size cpu infer gpu infer gpu infer figure model size figure different models inference time contrast (logarithmic coordinates) the above the result single machine test. order simulate the real situation, the experimental platform continuously running inference dataset stream containing about images. each inference performed randomly selected model and the batch size the picture distributed gpu cards with load balancing. for two situations: all the models have been read and stored gpu memory, and the average speed inference single picture ms. each time the cached data was re-read (including the model and the input data) instead being loaded into gpu memory ahead time, the average speed inference per single picture was ms. conclusions all nodes support load balancing after the model has been pre-fetched gpu memory, and parallel inference between gpu cards for the same model results approximately inferences single inference per second. if, extreme cases, gpu memory read ahead and only cached, which means each time the model re-read and the data re-loaded, single inference can made times per second. the above experiments are all unoptimized computations. one cortex's goals continuously optimize and improve inference performance. hardware solutions cuda and rocm cortex's hardware solutions deeply involve the use nvidia's cuda driver and cudnn library the gpu development framework. the same time, the amd openmi software project uses the rocm driver and hip/hcc library r&d program, cortex plans support the computations the end once they are available. cortex blockchain version figure bitcoin usb miner and neural network computing stick fpga fpga products are characterized low fixed-point arithmetic (int even int arithmetic) and lower latency, but higher computational power consumption and poorer flexibility. deep learning tasks already have good deployment the area autonomous driving and cloud services using fpga. cortex plans provide inference support for xilinx and altera products. full node hardware configuration requirements multi-gpu and legendary usb mining make mining great again! unlike traditional bitcoin and ethereum nodes, cortex has higher hardware requirement for full node. this requires relatively larger amount hard disk storage and multi-gpu desktop host for the best possible speed confirmation, but this not must. the field bitcoin mining, the usb miner used popular plug and play small asic mining device. before the large-scale mining farms emerged, this decentralized mining mode was extremely popular. cortex full node the absence gpu can configured have the similar neurocomputers with special chips, and computing stick, which have matured the market. unlike bitcoin usb mining, the computing stick the complementary hardware verify the full node, not the equipment needed the specific process mining. hardware modifications for existing gpu mining farm for existing gpu mining farm, and particular for high-end gpu configurations, the cortex project company provides retrofitting consulting services and total technical solutions that enable the farm have the same level computing center comparing the world's leading companies. the hardware cost-effectiveness will far exceed the existing commercial gpu cloud; extremely exciting leverage those millions gpu join computing competition globally! the multi-center mining farms have the opportunity sell computing power algorithmic providers and researchers, generate data models the same quality world-class company collaborative manner. some concrete retrofitting strategies are: motherboard and cpu custom strategies meet the multiple lanes pci-e expend data transmission bandwidth for deep learning gigabyte switches and networking card solutions storage hardware and network bandwidth solutions customized software automatically switch computing jobs among training, mining the cortex main chain, and the other competitive gpu currencies. customized mobile applications monitoring mining revenue, manual switching and other remote management over gpu device. cortex blockchain version figure big basin from facebook research utilizes wedge network switch for the distributed training farm the permissioned chain mining and computing mobile devices and iot balancing the ratio revenue among heterogeneous computing chips, such cpu, gpu, fpga and asic, make mining more decentralized, has been the main difficulties the blockchain pow design. particular, the community hopes help those relatively weak computing power devices, like smartphones and iot devices, join the mining process. the same time, mobile devices the market have already appeared support computing chip computing library, computing framework mobile chips can also participate inference. compared full node holding larger data models, the mobile terminal needs customized screen off large sized data models. cortex main chain will release android and ios client applications implement: the idle gpu computing device the soc, arm architecture cpu gpu participate mining. for example, box's gpu performance actually very good, but basically idling the time. smartphones can participate mining while charging office during the day while its owner sleeping night, long the algorithm provides the gpu mobile devices have fair revenue competitiveness. smartphones other devices equipped with chip will automatically switch between the main blockchain and inference. the inference computational power mobile devices may limited the software technology the chip supplier. different software vendors are encapsulating the computational protocol their methods. the project company will responsible for the preparation the abstraction layer interface and filter out smart contracts remain lightweight for mobile devices. applications and future work application cases cortex blockchain could host dapp follows: information service personalized recommendation system: based user profile and show click log the transactions, recommend news that matches interest. image search engine: based the image data, retrieve similar images. news writing: based the text corpus, generate similar style text. automatically summarize: based the text corpus, generate summary. cortex blockchain version financial services credit score: calculate the credit rating based the user's online data. intelligent investment advisory: automatic trading decisions based financial data. assistant automatic q&a: chat robot, based the user dialogue generate answers. industry knowledge graph: expert system, can used medical, consulting and other industries speech synthesis: generate another voice similar style based the user's speech data face attribute prediction: based user-uploaded face data age, gender, emotion and other attributes make judgment simulation environment the application reinforcement learning can predict the output the model through the environment realize intelligent decision-making and verification for automatic driving, the game go, games and etc. future work the goal cortex leader the field machine learning blockchain. for new technologies that may invented the future, the project company will continue innovate and integrate. this chapter describes some potential future work directions. data privacy cortex implements the blockchain inferences consensus, however, typical scenarios for machine learning applications such paramedical assistance, bioinformatic recognition, speech recognition, etc., require strict privacy protection mechanisms protect data privacy and model intellectual property. related technical directions are: differential privacy [], zero-knowledge proof [], homomorphic encryption and etc. the project company closely pays attention the progress and integrates when new technologies become practically available. block size and tps improvement due the limitations the consensus mechanism pow, cortex will also encounter the problem block size and tps issue. currently, possible solutions are pos, dag, cross-chain communication and on. essentially, scaling directly into the blockchain will trade-off due the limitations the distributed system cap theorem [], among system consistency, availability, and persistence. the project company will also study scaling issues and improve network performance without sacrificing core assumptions. adapter chips mobile devices since the latest mobile devices are often equipped with dedicated chips, cortex's inference framework can also call the chip computing interface mobile devices, adapt the instruction set each chip, and develop the lightweight intelligent inference the virtual machine. cortex blockchain version roadmap issue erc token listed multiple mainstream exchanges testnet for mining, namely bernard testnet for smart contracts, namely dolores mainchain, namely arnold genesis block. burn erc coin start mining the cortex coin, covertible ratio token model cortex coin (ctxc) rewards for model provider contrast the traditional blockchain, which the reward for each packaging block paid directly the miners, motivate developers submit richer and better models, endorphins invoking the contract, are not only allocated miners who help package the block full node, but also used pay the model providers. the proportion fees charged will determined the market gaming price, similar the ethereum gas mechanism. smart contracts having higher max endorphins price have higher priority executed. single execution contract will cause fee endorphins limit max endorphins price. cost for model provider prevent overwhelming model committers from submitting and storing attacks such arbitrarily submitting almost unusable models submitting the same model frequently consume storage resources each model submitter must pay for storage. more calls use the model, more revenue the providers can earn, thereby encouraging the model provider submit better models. model complexity and endorphin spend endorphin measurement the amount computing resources spent hardware level within virtual machine when bringing data model into contract during inference. generally speaking, the cost endorphin proportional the size the model. cortex also sets upper bound the parameter size the model, corresponding about billion float parameters. token distribution respect the few natural constants the physical universe, choose the speed light propagating vacuum total amount token, ctxc (about .%, all percentages are two-decimal approximation, the same below) will allocated early investors. cortex coin total cortex coin miners (mining reward) investors (genesis block) project foundation (genesis block) cortex lab project marketing lock challenge bounty advisors/academia/community (genesis block) table token distribution details table and table describe the details the distribution cortex coins. cortex blockchain version cortex coin miners (mining reward) investors (genesis block) miners receive rewards for contributing the computational power, maintaining the cortex blockchain, and running the full node dapps. investors' financial support used for cortex main blockchain development, business development, partnerships, and community support. project foundation (genesis block) cortex lab project marking lock quarterly accelerated unlock airdrop marketing, reward data scientist kaggle communities and new lab members for development. challenge bounty used reward community developers for interesting projects like btc, xmr address fungibility analysis. advisors/academics/community (genesis block) responsible for the development cortex protocol, data model maintenance, software upgrades, hardware solutions. for business and academia, scholar community and open source framework developer community. table token distribution details cortex coin miners (mining reward) investors (genesis block) project foundation (genesis block) advisors/academics/community (genesis block) token issuance curve cortex coins will classically capped coins. cortex coins will issued mining. cortex blockchain version the first years the second years the third years the fourth years the fifth years and on, halves every four years classically bitcoin. core team members ziqi chen co-founder ceo b.e. civil engineering from tsinghua university. m.s civil engineering from carnegie mellon university and m.s. computer science from university california, santa cruz (uscs). uscs, the birthplace adaboosting and online learning, ziqi was advised prof. david helmbold theoretical machine learning and various applications, including the algorithm. before that, served principle research scientist sftc company, and was responsible for the mesh generation algorithms finite element method, which was used aerospace and weapons research. with rich e-commerce business experience and years practice blockchain, ziqi started waterhole.io. has solid understanding and first hand experience mining, computing and digital wallets and deep understanding mining devices, consensus algorithms and public blockchain ecosystem. bitcoin, ethereum, zcash and other communities, his company operates considerable amount hash power and the wallet serves many cryptocurrency users. weiyang wang co-founder cto national mathematics contest winner recommended student enrolling tsinghua university. b.e. aerospace engineering and minor economics from tsinghua university. m.s. statistics from university chicago. co-advised prof. peter mccullagh, logistic regression inventor winning copss presidents' award, and yali amit, the founder random forest. weiyang's research interests lie statistical machine learning and game theory university chicago. implementing algorithms cnn rnn algorithms from many leading papers deep learning field, the deepinsight team, where was in, had developed projects ocr transfer learning face recognition distributed computing, being selected into the awesome mxnet project. had won the silver medal the kaggle contest. also responsible for translation services many reports o'reilly. certified frm and cfa level candidate, had won championship the dorahack hacking marathon leading team creating abs (asset-backed securities) system prototype based the ibm hyperledger. weiyang also mastering number theory, encryption and other related fields. has worked for jingdong finance and wanda research institute. xiao yan chief deep learning engineer national olympiad informatics(noi) winner recommended student enrolling tsinghua university. b.e. electronic engineering from tsinghua university. currently year ph.d. candidate computer science tsinghua university. during ph.d. program, has published many top papers, including acm siggraph. mastering coding competition, research and development cuda gpu, fpga hardware programming, cryptography, and etc. xiao's research area includes finite element analysis, tensor analysis, turbulence, deep learning and reinforcement learning. has also worked several applications, including machine learning, blockchain, quantitative trading. managed over million dollars fund and gained substantial return investment. interested quantum computers and financial macro analysis and has deep understanding mining software, distributed computing and consensus algorithms. has served founder cto technical director, number companies and private equity funds. yang yang blockchain chief-engineer b.e. computer science from dalian university technology, and m.s. computer science from tsinghua university. yang has deep understanding cortex blockchain version distributed databases, hyperledger eea. worked british telecom and ibm. developed multiple social software such dial wizard/lan xin and on. has over years java and backend experience, including develop visidb, and able implement database himself. yang expert blockchain source code and encryption technologies. has development experience variety cryptographic digital currencies. yang has first hand experience backend design and development high persistent tcp communications commercial softwares, similar scale with whatsapp and wechat. yang also has expertise all kinds smart contracts and hard fork coins. advisors technical advisors jia tian chief-scientist national physics contest and biology contest winner recommended student enrolling tsinghua university. b.e. and m.s. computer science from tsinghua university. jia was distributed system expert with years academic and industry experience. worked baidu and alibaba, then the architect so.com, search engine with over million daily active users, and build another recommender system. co-founder multiple high tech startup companies, jia has first-hand experience several fields, including search engine, recommender systems, ai, fintech and etc. his first company, wolong cloud, was acquired alibaba. later, joined beijing machine learning information technology co., cto, led projects recsys, chatbot, medical imaging and etc. after that, joined pony.ai, autonomous vehicle startup company, which invested sequoia capital, idg capital partners angel round. previously served chief scientist for bitfund, and blockchain advisor for several ico project. also one the earliest investors bitcoin zcash and bitfinex. jia's research interests includes quantum computing, nuclear fusion and computational neuroscience. matt branton engineering advisor matt branton distributed computing expert, with over ten years experience payment and trading system design and architecture. was founding partner world financial desk, high frequency trading firm specialized fixed income and derivative products, and responsible for trillions volume. early bitcoin adopter, founded coinlock for encrypted micro-payment content delivery and has spent the last five years building smart contract and distributed ledger systems ember financial. has multiple blockchain patents pending, including his work synthetic mining, and novel derivatives products. academic advisors whitfield diffie professor cryptographer and one the pioneers public-key cryptography. diffie received honorary doctorate from the swiss federal institute technology also fellow the marconi foundation and visiting fellow the isaac newton institute. july was also awarded degree doctor science (honoris causa) royal holloway, university london. was also awarded the ieee donald fink prize paper award the franklin institute's louis levy medal golden jubilee award for technological innovation from the ieee information theory society and the ieee richard hamming medal diffie was elected foreign member the royal society (formemrs) together with martin hellman, diffie won the turing award, widely considered the most prestigious award the field computer science. business advisors vincent zhou founder fbg capital yahui zhou ceo and chairman beijing kunlun tech co. (.sz) heting shen retired ceo and chairman china metallurgical group corporation (sha) and .hk (mcc) cortex blockchain version guy corem ceo daglabs organization partnerships tsinghua university laboratory brain and intelligence shanghai jiaotong university school mathematical sciences university california, berkeley blockchain labs stanford university leading investors bitmain world-class business provider cryptographic currency mining hardware and blockchain software solutions. the company also investing heavily the research and development chips. fbg capital fbg capital, founded with primary focus investment and trading digital asset including but not limited bitcoin. fbg capital one the most active hedge funds asia. fbg capital also incubates promising blockchain projects and companies through investments, strategic advisory and technical support. fbg capital formed with professionals from both financial industry and blockchain technology space. more investors see official website http://www.cortexlabs.ai cortex mathematical representations blockchain the traditional definitions and cortex instructions can described mathematically cortex instruction {i}, cortex instruction set cortex instruction parameters, cortex status space instruction parameters cortex string model representations cortex effective space strings for model representations ...ik sorted cortex instruction set, cortex string model representation full descriptions space sorted effective cortex instruction set space cortex model parameters supported computing framework mapping set computing framework mapping functions (m) data samples {d}, dataset (dtrain dtest dval )}, partition dataset the measurement model training and model ranking service (i)(d) cortex blockchain version {a} set model execution strategies complete machine learning problem computable physical device four-tuple: (f(m (d), a), complete definitions problem set has specific framework select model, with the form probability model neural network model f(m has partition p(d) that contains specific data samples for training, inferencing, checking for generalization has measurement waiting optimized, need sorting has machine learning strategy determine the current process need only inference, consensus training summary basic types for deep learning referred machine learning frameworks chapter express different machine learning problems, here are few classic machine learning modes: supervised learning supervised learning defined under the settings which use training dataset data input and the label these data samples the target output are given simultaneous. machine learning algorithms process, "train" these data samples according the input and output, order make prediction for those data samples the test dataset which are not well labeled, the validation dataset double-check for the correctness the machine learning model. hand-written digits image recognition problem, the form data samples dataset could bitmap image with each pixel has channels bit information. the labels, stands for the according class for that data point, this case, digits classification -way classification problem, digit has one-hot label vector and the form could ||y (d)||, and model could selected from neural networks simply fully-connected bayesian classifier. unsupervised learning unsupervised learning defined under the settings which the label dataset totally absent. utilizing the unsupervised algorithms, hope find the hidden structure from the dataset itself instead making accurate predictions. sometimes the form dimension reduction( pca, autoencoding, etc.) with respect minimizing the reconstruction loss, the clustering problems, longer provided, conventional k-means, (d)) degraded arg max ||x y|| |si x,ysi can make abstract classes ... fit the data samples which are clusters spaces particular dimensions. some typical unsupervised learning algorithms are generative adversarial networks generative adversarial networks, also known gan one mainstream family unsupervised neural networks, which widely utilized image and sequence generation. composed discriminator deep neural network modeld well generator deep neural networkg. network take data sample from fake picture under certain sampling algorithms input (usually from high-dimensional random gaussian distribution), after some level unpooling operations (sometimes known decoding network), feature g(z) output given input. the role discriminate between data samples g(z) and real data samples short, maximize the probability deceive and simultaneously discriminate the true data and the fake data that generated halfway. the cortex blockchain version loss function the form like: min max exkh [log d(x)] ezz [log( d(g(z)))] variational autoencoder vae network one mainstream generative networks practical. encoder part vae project the data samples into simple multi-dimensional space, (e.g. and the decoder part samples from this distribution directly generate new data. the metric written following: l(ph, th, dkl (qph (z|x)||pth(z)) eqph (z|x) (log pth (x|z)) ph,th are training hyperparameters, conform the distribution input data, the feature vector after the encoding process. encoder optimizes the first part the right hand side the equation, while decoder optimized the second part. manifold learning the core manifold learning find decent manifold projection find out the topological structure from data. utilizing these kind algorithm like t-sne, the distance similarity between data sample pairs are well-kept, but after these projections, data samples different classes shows linearly divisible pattern. b.. other types learning semi-supervised learning with respect semi-supervised learning [], partial labels are given the training dataset, and only some basic hypothesis are made those data samples which are not labeled. b.. active learning active learning, there are multiple stages label querying, training and prediction, can mine information from those hard samples (but not bad cases, human interaction also present the data pipeline). the hard cases (wrongly predicted data, those samples falling the margin region when implementing svm algorithm allows learn faster from data. feasible metric '(y '(y b.. reinforcement learning the main target reinforce learning maximizing the expected reward for agent within particular environment along the time span take reasonable action according current state past state series. definitions: state state the environment, i.e. current chess setting during chess game. action operation drawn from action set, can taken with respect the current state and hereby change the current state another, i.e. move castle during chess game. transfer function stands for the state transfer probability state transferred another state taking action noted (s, s') reward function action reward:s action pattern agents sometimes are defined closed form known markovian decision process, here mdp quadruple (s, r), with maximizing the total reward its optimizer's main target. during the process, decay coefficient given part the problem setting, such that total value current reward decay coefficient value the last time step policy, could definite mapping function random choice according distributionp s.t. p(s, a), s.t. p(s, cortex blockchain version with respect reinforcement learning problems, mdp known, the whole process dynamic programming; else the case where mdp unknown, should implement deep learning. two common methods are known learning and policy gradient. the most import thinking learning from dynamic programming. the process computing through bellman equation v(s) e[rt+ gv(st+ )|st algorithm could continuously upheave the reward function until convergence. order avoid state space overwhelming, introduce deep q-learning (dqn) fit function. policy gradient simulates possible actions according input states. maximize the expectation reward sum during multiple runs simulation, tend take gradient updates achieve optimized state the reward gets higher. the whole model can seen end-to-end policy optimizer. q-learning finds best action under certain state based its expectation, but policy gradient directly predicts the action. actor-critic combines the policy based and value based approach, which actor performs like ordinary pg, and critic makes value predictions, hence asynchronous advantages actor-critic approach(ac) smoother optimizer which makes accurate assessment for every current state along with the environment. another approach which combines the two methods known ddpg, which would not give the details here. b.. transfer learning transfer learning quick developing branch machine learning which transfers the past models the new domain without excessive computing power, even the underlying distribution embedding vector the domain differs from the source domain. this ensures the re-usability existing models and domain knowledge, avoiding repeat training older datasets. inductive transfer learning among kagglers, competitors entry-level competitions, classic process which utilizes existing model accelerate training new models the dataset competition provided called "fine-tuning", and the existing model called "pre-trained model". already have well performing models trained sufficiently large and clean dataset, could speed model training significantly, this not limited basic classifiers, but also those with specific structures like object detectors and semantic segmentation models, acquire new model with higher performance than ones trained this small dataset, even the case that source domains differs from target domains. state-of-the-art model, trained carefully high quality and large dataset hpc center, can setup new baseline for the researchers their field. transductive transfer learning transductive transfer learning makes the assumption that the dataset source domain and target domain may vary, while data samples from source domain are well labeled, the ones from target domain not. this kind transfer learning can dominantly boost the performance compared simply training model source domain, simple fine-tuning. typical proof j-mmd algorithm. introducing unsupervised mmd loss together with the classic cross-entropy loss utilized softmax classifier, can get models performing equally well dataset composed from images different quality and resolution. also, neural network structures like detectors and semantic segmentation algorithms get boosted too. unsupervised transfer learning generalized transfer learning can also used pure unsupervised learning when labels the whole dataset are absent, unnecessary. introducing similarity between samples distribution into loss function can perform particular function some special problems. recent several years, application called neural style transfer appeared. this application can apply styles style picture) like vincent van gogh's starry night edvard munch's the scream any user uploaded content content picture form new image (mixed picture), such that has similarity different scales with and cortex blockchain version although there's way find mature business model this technique, ostagram from russia, prisma app from america and philm app from p.r.china are very successful cases attracting users try out this technique, and soon meitu and many camera apps will join this battle. inspired this algorithm, aesthetics are taking attention from artist and engineers. researching images human faces well the nature environment, they can modify and cartoonize any kind image and videos any kind filters. distributed cloud computing practice for deep learning although many deep learning and machine learning frameworks already implemented mainstream algorithm utilizing single device single machine, practically they support multiple devices single machine multiple devices multiple machines parallel computing avoiding the memory constraints happened the cases using single device. most them transfer parameters between devices through pci-e bus, using ethernet. this chapter not for personal devices, but mat feasible for data centers with sufficiently high specifications. warmly welcome these hpc centers join the alliance chain instead public chains. they can sell their computing power those need model training services. three main policies distributed deep learning and machine learning are: model parallel, data parallel, and other approaches. model parallel model parallel refers single node single gpu, knl, host memory etc. does not contain the whole learning model, but rather, distributed different devices. different pieces first compute their own, before finally reducing one result. since the connection between submodels great number, distributing models different nodes often incurs huge communication overhead, which makes model parallel unadaptive many computing scenarios. based different type dividing models, model parallel are two typical classes. the first class model parallel divides different layers neural network, different stage computing pipeline into subsets. other words, different nodes are responsible for different layers/stages. rnn adaptive this kind model parallel, the case that single device doesn't fit the whole model, this approach easy and effective implement. unusual training convolutional neural networks, since the model relatively small compared the data and features graphic memory host memory. however, google's one weird trick krizhevsky [], removing the fully-connected layer from cnn backbone remarkably reduced communication overhead during training. this engineering trick proven effective large scale cnn deployment like baidu image search service. the second class model parallel divides each layer into several subsets, with reduction operations taking place after each node processes its own subset. this very unusual that may cause serious network traffic problems, that seldom observe this kind model parallel practical rnns and cnns implementations. exception dsstne, open-sourced amazon dss [], distributed sparse dnn implementation used recommender systems. granted for sparsity, huge overhead communication observed, while the problem setting still case outside rnns and cnns and not general enough. all, model parallel hardly provide stable training acceleration approach according its communication issues. some deep learning framework provide support this feature like tensorflow apache singa, but it's unusual practice. for large scale distributed training machine learning models, data parallel shows more stable behavior. data parallel there are two main starting point data parallel system architecture design, and optimizing algorithm design. respect system architecture, mainstream distributed machine learning framework utilizes mpi parameter server. the parameter server adaptable many techniques reduce bandwidth cost incurred communication, it's the facto baseline the research system architecture design. eric xing gives introductory review related this field xing al. [], classifies cortex blockchain version data parallel paradigm into bsp (bulk synchronous parallel), asp (asynchronous parallel) and ssp (stale synchronous parallel). bsp the naive solution the early stage parallel computing developed, the main feature bsp simultaneously updates parameter each node the cluster which consumes much ethernet bandwidth. the margin acceleration rate distributed algorithms lower the number nodes grow; asp idea introduced after hogwild! avoids bandwidth consumption that happens when parameters are transferred simultaneously. this extreme bandwidth-saving policy may cause model gaps between nodes and slow convergence speed, hence slowing down the whole training process. distbelief, the first generation deep learning framework from google chose this paradigm. alleviate this, model averagezinkevich al. [], which also widely used bsp, takes the average each model and propagates the parameters each node, which makes convergence smoother. general, the acceleration curve concave ssp tradeoff between bandwidth saving and model convergence given limited asynchronous condition, one option best practices. should notice that the convergence proof ssp indeed breakthrough the field distributed machine learning, but eric xing's work focused those conventional models, not deep neural networks. experiments are ongoing frameworks like mxnet and paddlepaddle etc, and additional proof about the convergence deep models given eric xing laterkeuper []. but considering all the conditions, bsp still the mainstream distributed deep neural network training, and mpi kept its glory most the computing frameworks. ssp created new research direction the field distributed learning. the followers introduced multiple ideas combined with various optimization methods. taifeng wang from msra zheng al. mentioned that asp fundamentally the same ssp which caused stale state node, and worsened the convergence algorithms. taylor expansion additional naive sgd compromises the convergence accuracy and speed. this idea straightforward and effective before having rigorous proof, and accepted and implemented frameworks like mxnet. these kind works inspired many researchers who seeks make progress with optimization methods. now, most the deep learning algorithms take advantage sgd with fast convergence speed slightly slower than gd, with sublinear time complexity o(/ under the circumstances when the loss function strongly convex. although option provides o(n/) time complexity convergence speed, its natively memory inefficient which caused oom (out memory) gpu. sgd the mainstream approach, have many descendants like adagrad, adam, momentum etc, which doesn't remarkably improve the convergence speed, until the publication svrg johnson and zhang []. maintains global grad and asynchronously modify (may have lag epochs). the local grad and current grad works together updates parameters. wujun li's team from nanjing university successfully applied svrg distributed machine learning systems zhao al. and acquired linear speedup. more attempts about applications svrg still progress. theory, series work trying hard find "best" tradeoff between architecture and optimizer achieve the combination "asynchronous" and "linearly speeding up".huo and huang typical example. may see widespread acceptance svrg during deep neural networks training. practice, bsp keeps its dominant position deep learning paradigm, while more works focus bandwidth saving two main approaches, either from structure designing optimizer design. lecun introduced easgd zhang al. [], which can applied bsp asp, which computes elastic difference the model parameters between worker and server parameter server before communication happen. advance, microsoft cntk introduced -bit sgd seide al. [], quantization process, parameters float, float, int are clipped bit, the bandwidth saving more effective. additional pretraining necessary ensure convergence. according the experiment from cntk, -bit sgd effective bandwidth saving, but beyond the incurred loss accuracy, multi-machine parallel acceleration harmed. the default setting cntk recommended block momentum chen and huo []. starting from model averagezinkevich al. [], refines the model update stage using filtering series updates collected from training history, that each step parameter update shows smoother pattern training than ordinary. block momentum itself not work focusing bandwidth compression, but rather technique making better convergence curve accelerate the whole training process. this technique ensures cntk one the most efficient framework which implements the multi-machine version training deep neural networks. breakthrough structure poseidon xie al. zhang al. from eric xing's team from carnegie mellon university, introduce communication above parameter servers' masterworker structure. this structure, each worker can dynamically decide choose either any cortex blockchain version other worker communicate with, according bandwidth usage surveillance and prediction. the core reason that renders the structure feasible, the introduction the idea sfb (sufficient factor broadcasting) introduced poseidon. sfb factorized the parameter matrix transfer into the product two low rank matrices, called sf(sufficient factor). the throughput sometimes remarkably lower than the original matrix. the structure communication with between workers alleviate bandwidth blocking problems occurring parameter server, and this work tested real cases: inception networks can accelerated linearly ordinary ethernet network. engineering teams from industries mostly choose optimization for bsp structure. work from baidu. inc gibiansky and uber's tensorflow version based baidu. inc's work, horovod hor [], changed the conventional all-reduce operation bsp ring all-reduce, such that much larger scale cluster can accelerated model training. addition, ibm's power cho al. introduced multi ring all-reduce and claim they achieved near perfect performance devices, however, ibm did not reveal much details their work. others from the above, the key improve parallel training performance lies the balance between bandwidth saving and effective convergence. therefore, from another perspective, part the model compression technology itself can also classified parallel deep learning, except for approximating the parameters accuracy loss. addition dettmers [], iclr double-blind review authors deserves our attention. using methods momentum correction, local gradient cropping, momentum factor masking, and warm train, the exchanged parallel training gradient parameters were compressed hundreds times. this could used for large-scale distributed training cheap gigabit ethernet. cortex lab existing achievements the cortex lab's world-leading models include: ocr(recaptcha and algebra equations %+, simplified chinese %+) models that are expected developed and exposed the cortex eco-community include: instance-aware segmentation and mask-rcnn keypoint detection image captioning, aic competetion top algorithms references satoshi nakamoto. bitcoin: peer-to-peer electronic cash system. https://bitcoin.org/ bitcoin.pdf, ethereum white paper. https://github.com/ethereum/wiki/wiki/white-paper. conway's game life. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/conway%s_game_of_life. yonatan sompolinsky and aviv zohar. secure high-rate transaction processing bitcoin. financial cryptography and data security international conference, san juan, puerto rico, january revised selected papers, pages doi: /----_. url https://doi.org/./----_ rsk:bitcoin powered smart contracts. rootstock-whitepaper-overview.pdf. http://www.the-blockchain.com/docs/ craig gentry, shai halevi, and nigel smart. homomorphic evaluation the aes circuit. cryptology eprint archive, report https://eprint.iacr.org// cortex blockchain dagger-hashimoto. dagger-hashimoto.md. version https://github.com/ethereum/wiki/blob/master/ alex biryukov and dmitry khovratovich. equihash: asymmetric proof-of-work based the generalized birthday problem. cryptology eprint archive, report https: //eprint.iacr.org//. jiaxiang wu, cong leng, yuhang wang, qinghao hu, and jian cheng. quantized convolutional neural networks for mobile devices. corr, abs/., url http: //arxiv.org/abs/.. song han, huizi mao, and william dally. deep compression: compressing deep neural network with pruning, trained quantization and huffman coding. corr, abs/., url http://arxiv.org/abs/.. cynthia dwork, frank mcsherry, kobbi nissim, and adam smith. calibrating noise sensitivity private data analysis, pages springer berlin heidelberg, berlin, heidelberg, isbn ----. doi: ./_. url https: //doi.org/./_. goldwasser, micali, and rackoff. the knowledge complexity interactive proofsystems. proceedings the seventeenth annual acm symposium theory computing, stoc pages new york, ny, usa, acm. isbn ---. doi: ./.. url http://doi.acm.org/./.. craig gentry. fully homomorphic encryption using ideal lattices. proceedings the fortyfirst annual acm symposium theory computing, stoc pages new york, ny, usa, acm. isbn ----. doi: ./.. url http://doi.acm.org/./.. seth gilbert and nancy lynch. brewer's conjecture and the feasibility consistent, available, partition-tolerant web services. sigact news, ():-, june issn doi: ./.. url http://doi.acm.org/./.. olivier chapelle, bernhard scholkopf, and alexander zien. semi-supervised learning. mit press, martijn van otterlo and marco wiering. reinforcement learning and markov decision processes, pages springer berlin heidelberg, berlin, heidelberg, isbn ---. doi: ./----_. url https://doi.org/./ ----_. alex krizhevsky. one weird trick for parallelizing convolutional neural networks. corr, abs/., url http://arxiv.org/abs/.. amazon dsstne: deep scalable sparse tensor network engine. eric xing, qirong ho, pengtao xie, and dai wei. strategies and principles distributed machine learning big data. engineering, (): issn doi: https: //doi.org/./j.eng.... url http://www.sciencedirect.com/science/ article/pii/s. martin zinkevich, markus weimer, lihong li, and alex smola. parallelized stochastic gradient descent. lafferty, williams, shawe-taylor, zemel, and culotta, editors, advances neural information processing systems pages curran associates, inc., url http://papers.nips.cc/paper/ -parallelized-stochastic-gradient-descent.pdf. janis keuper. distributed training deep neuronal networks: theoretical and practical limits parallel scalability. corr, abs/., url http://arxiv.org/abs/. cortex blockchain version shuxin zheng, meng, taifeng wang, wei chen, nenghai yu, zhiming ma, and tie-yan liu. asynchronous stochastic gradient descent with delay compensation for distributed deep learning. corr, abs/., url http://arxiv.org/abs/.. rie johnson and tong zhang. accelerating stochastic gradient descent using predictive variance reduction. international conference neural information processing systems, pages shen zhao, xiang, ying hao shi, peng gao, and jun li. scope: scalable composite optimization for learning spark. zhouyuan huo and heng huang. asynchronous stochastic gradient descent with variance reduction for non-convex optimization. sixin zhang, anna choromanska, and yann lecun. deep learning with elastic averaging sgd. corr, abs/., url http://arxiv.org/abs/.. frank seide, hao fu, jasha droppo, gang li, and dong yu. -bit stochastic gradient descent and application data-parallel distributed training speech dnns. interspeech september kai chen and qiang huo. scalable training deep learning machines incremental block training with intra-block parallel optimization and blockwise model-update filtering. ieee international conference acoustics, speech and signal processing, pages pengtao xie, jin kyu kim, and eric xing. large scale distributed multiclass logistic regression. corr, abs/., url http://arxiv.org/abs/.. hao zhang, zeyu zheng, shizhen xu, wei dai, qirong ho, xiaodan liang, zhiting hu, jinliang wei, pengtao xie, and eric xing. poseidon: efficient communication architecture for distributed deep learning gpu clusters. corr, abs/., url http://arxiv.org/abs/.. andrew gibiansky. bringing hpc techniques deep learning. horovod. https://github.com/uber/horovod, minsik cho, ulrich finkler, sameer kumar, david kung, vaibhav saxena, and dheeraj sreedhar. powerai ddl. corr, abs/., url http://arxiv.org/abs/ tim dettmers. -bit approximations for parallelism deep learning. corr, abs/., url http://arxiv.org/abs/.. anonymous authors. deep gradient compression-reducing the communication bandwidth for distributed training. iclr, cortex blockchain version risk factors risks relating participation the token sale investments startups such the token issuer and the project company involve high degree risk. financial and operating risks confronting startups are significant and token issuer and the project company are not immune these. startups often experience unexpected problems the areas product development, marketing, financing, and general management, among others, which frequently cannot solved. the token issuer and/or the project company may forced cease operations. possible that, due any number reasons, including, but not limited to, unfavorable fluctuation the value cryptographic and fiat currencies, the inability the token issuer and/or the project company establish the cortex platform the cortex coins' utility, the failure commercial relationships, intellectual property ownership challenges, the token issuer and/or the project company may longer viable operate and the token issuer and/or the project company may dissolve take actions that result dissolution the token issuer and/or the project company. the tax treatment the token sale terms, the purchase rights contained therein and the token sale uncertain and there may adverse tax consequences for purchasers upon certain future events. the tax characterization the token sale terms and the cortex coins uncertain, and each purchaser must seek its own tax advice connection with investment the cortex coins. investment pursuant the token sale terms and the purchase cortex coins pursuant thereto may result adverse tax consequences the purchaser, including withholding taxes, income taxes and tax reporting requirements. each purchaser should consult with and must rely upon the advice its own professional tax advisors with respect tax treatment investment the cortex coins pursuant the token sale terms. there prior market for cortex coins and the token sale may not result active liquid market for the tokens prior the token sale, there has been public market for the cortex coins. the event that the cortex coins are traded cryptocurrency exchange, there assurance that active liquid trading market for the cortex coins will develop developed, sustained after the cortex coins have been made available for trading such cryptocurrency exchange. there also assurance that the market price the cortex coins will not decline below the consideration which the purchaser acquired the cortex coins at. such purchase consideration may not indicative the market price the cortex coins after they have been made available for trading cryptocurrency exchange. cortex coin not currency issued any central bank national, supra-national quasi-national organisation, nor backed any hard assets other credit. the token issuer not responsible for nor does pursue the circulation and trading cortex coins the market. trading cortex coins merely depends the consensus its value between the relevant market participants, and one obliged purchase any cortex coin from any holder the cortex coin, nor does anyone guarantee the liquidity market price cortex coins any extent any time. accordingly, the token issuer cannot ensure that there will any demand market for cortex coins, that the purchase consideration indicative the market price cortex coins after they have been made available for trading cryptocurrency exchange. future sales the cortex coins could materially and adversely affect the market price cortex coins any future sale the cortex coins (which were not available for sale the token sale) would increase the supply cortex coins the market and this may result downward price pressure the cortex coin. the sale distribution significant number cortex coins outside the cortex blockchain version token sale, the perception that such further sales issuance may occur, could adversely affect the trading price the cortex coins. negative publicity may materially and adversely affect the price the cortex coins negative publicity involving (a) the token issuer and/or the project company; (b) the cortex platform; (c) the cortex coins; (d) any the key personnel the token issuer and/or the project company, may materially and adversely affect the market perception market price the cortex coins, whether not such publicity justified. there assurance any success cortex platform the value of, and demand for, the cortex coins hinges heavily the performance the cortex platform. there assurance that the cortex platform will gain traction after its launch and achieve any commercial success. the cortex platform has not been fully developed, finalised and integrated and subject further changes, updates and adjustments prior its launch. such changes may result unexpected and unforeseen effects its projected appeal users, and hence impact its success. while the token issuer has made every effort provide realistic estimate, there also assurance that the cryptocurrencies raised the token sale will sufficient for the development and integration the cortex platform. for the foregoing any other reason, the development and integration the cortex platform may not completed and there assurance that will launched all. such, distributed cortex coins may hold little worth value, and this would impact its trading price. the trading price the cortex coins may fluctuate following the token sale the prices cryptographic tokens general tend relatively volatile, and can fluctuate significantly over short periods time. the demand for, and corresponding the market price of, the cortex coins may fluctuate significantly and rapidly response to, among others, the following factors, some which are beyond the control the token issuer and/or the project company: (a) new technical innovations; (b) analysts' speculations, recommendations, perceptions estimates the cortex coin's market price the token issuer's and/or the project company's financial and business performance; (c) changes market valuations and token prices entities with operations similar that the token issuer and/or the project company that may made available for sale and purchase the same cryptocurrency exchanges the cortex coins; (d) announcements the token issuer and/or the project company significant events, for example partnerships, sponsorships, new product developments; (d) fluctuations market prices and trading volume cryptocurrencies cryptocurrency exchanges; (e) additions departures key personnel the token issuer and/or the project company; (f) success failure the management the token issuer and/or the project company implementing business and growth strategies; and (g) changes conditions affecting the blockchain financial technology industry, the general economic conditions market sentiments, other events factors. risks relating the wallet the loss compromise information relating your wallet (as defined below) may affect your access and possession the cortex coins for purposes receipt your cortex coins, you are establish and maintain access cryptocurrency wallet (wallet). your access the cortex coins the wallet depends on, among other things, the safeguards the information such wallet, including but not limited the user account information, address, private key and password. the event that any the foregoing lost cortex blockchain version compromised, your access the wallet may curtailed and thereby adversely affecting your access and possession the cortex coins, including such cortex coins being unrecoverable and permanently lost. the wallet wallet service provider may not technically compatible with the cortex coins the wallet wallet service provider may not technically compatible with the cortex coins which may result the delivery cortex coins being unsuccessful affect your access such cortex coins. risks relating the token issuer and the project company the cortex platform intended developed, operated and maintained the token issuer and/or the project company. any events circumstances which adversely affect the token issuer and/or the project company may have corresponding adverse effect the token issuer and/or the project company such events circumstances affect the token issuer's and/or the project company's ability maintain the cortex platform. this would correspondingly have impact the trading price the cortex coins. the token issuer and/or the project company may materially and adversely affected they fail effectively manage its operations their business develops and evolves, which would have direct impact their ability maintain the cortex platform and consequently the trading price the cortex coins. the financial technology and cryptocurrency industries and the markets which the token issuer and the project company compete have grown rapidly and continue grow rapidly, and continue evolve response new technological advances, changing business models and other factors. result this constantly changing environment, the token issuer and/or the project company may face operational difficulties adjusting the changes, and the sustainability the token issuer and the project company will depend their ability manage their respective operations, adapt technological advances and market trends and ensure that they hire qualified and competent employees, and provide proper training for their personnel. their respective business evolves, the token issuer and the project company must also expand and adapt its operational infrastructure. the token issuer's and the project company's respective businesses rely blockchain-based software systems, cryptocurrency wallets other related token storage mechanisms, blockchain technology and smart contract technology, and manage technical support infrastructure for the cortex platform effectively, the token issuer and the project company will need continue upgrade and improve their data systems and other operational systems, procedures and controls. these upgrades and improvements will require dedication resources, are likely complex and increasingly rely hosted computer services from third parties that the token issuer and/or the project company not control. the token issuer and/or the project company are unable adapt their respective systems and organisation timely, efficient and cost-effective manner accommodate changing circumstances, its business, financial condition and results operations may adversely affected. the third parties whom the token issuer and/or the project company rely are subject security breach otherwise suffer disruptions that impact the respective services the token issuer and/or the project company utilise, the integrity and availability their respective internal information could compromised, which may consequently cause the loss confidential proprietary information, and economic loss. the loss financial, labour other resources, and any other adverse effect the token issuer's and/or the project company's respective business, financial condition and operations, would have direct adverse effect the token issuer's and the project company's ability maintain the cortex platform. the cortex platform the main product which the cortex coins relate, this may adversely impact the trading price the cortex coins. cortex blockchain version the token issuer and/or the project company may experience system failures, unplanned interruptions its network services, hardware software defects, security breaches other causes that could adversely affect the token issuer's and/or the project company's infrastructure network, and/or the cortex platform the token issuer and the project company are unable anticipate when there would occurrences hacks, cyber-attacks, mining attacks (including but not limited double-spend attacks, majority mining power attacks and selfish-mining attacks), distributed denials service errors, vulnerabilities defects the cortex platform, the cortex coins, the wallet any technology (including but not limited smart contract technology) which the token issuer and/or the project company, the cortex platform, the cortex coins and the wallet relies the ethereum blockchain any other blockchain. such events may include, for example, flaws programming source code leading exploitation abuse thereof. the token issuer and/or the project company may not able detect such hacks, mining attacks (including but not limited double-spend attacks, majority mining power attacks and selfish-mining attacks), cyber-attacks, distributed denials service errors vulnerabilities defects timely manner, and may not have sufficient resources efficiently cope with multiple service incidents happening simultaneously rapid succession. the token issuer's and/or the project company's respective network services, which would include the cortex platform, could disrupted numerous events, including natural disasters, equipment breakdown, network connectivity downtime, power losses, even intentional disruptions their respective services, such disruptions caused software viruses attacks unauthorised users, some which are beyond the token issuer's and/or the project company's control. although the token issuer and the project company will taking steps against malicious attacks their respective appliances infrastructure, which are critical for the maintenance the cortex platform and their respective other services, there can assurance that cyber-attacks, such distributed denials service, will not attempted the future, and that any the token issuer's and the project company's intended enhanced security measures will effective. the token issuer and the project company may also prone attacks their respective infrastructure intended steal information about their respective technology, financial data user information take other actions that would damaging the token issuer, the project company and users the cortex platform. any significant breach the token issuer's and/or the project company's intended security measures other disruptions resulting compromise the usability, stability and security the token issuer's and/or the project company's network services (including the cortex platform) may adversely affect the trading price the cortex coins. the token issuer and the project company are dependent part the location and data centre facilities third parties the token issuer's and the project company's infrastructure network will part established through servers that which they respectively own and house the location facilities third parties, and servers that they respectively rent data centre facilities third parties. the token issuer and/or the project company are unable renew their respective data facility lease commercially reasonable terms all, the token issuer and/or the project company may required transfer their respective servers new data centre facility, and may incur significant costs and possible service interruption connection with the relocation. these facilities are also vulnerable damage interruption from, among others, natural disasters, arson, terrorist attacks, power losses, and telecommunication failures. additionally, the third party providers such facilities may suffer breach security result third party action, employee error, malfeasance otherwise and third party may obtain unauthorised access the data such servers. techniques used obtain unauthorised access to, sabotage systems change frequently and generally are not recognised until launched against target, the token issuer, the project company and the providers such facilities may unable anticipate these techniques implement adequate preventive measures. any such security breaches damages which occur which impact upon the token issuer's and/or the project company's infrastructure network and/or the cortex platform may adversely impact the price the cortex coins. cortex blockchain version general global market and economic conditions may have adverse impact the token issuer's and/or the project company's operating performance, results operations and cash flows the token issuer and/or the project company could affected general global economic and market conditions. challenging economic conditions worldwide have from time time, contributed, and may continue contribute, slowdowns the information technology industry large. weakness the economy could have negative effect the token issuer's and/or the project company's respective business, operations and financial condition, including decreases revenue and operating cash flows. additionally, down-cycle economic environment, the token issuer and/or the project company may experience the negative effects increased competitive pricing pressure and slowdown commerce and usage the cortex platform. suppliers which the token issuer and/or the project company rely for servers, bandwidth, location and other services could also negatively impacted economic conditions that, turn, could have negative impact the token issuer's and/or the project company's respective operations expenses. there can assurance, therefore, that current economic conditions worsening economic conditions prolonged recurring recession will not have significant adverse impact the token issuer's and/or the project company's respective business, financial condition and results operations and hence the cortex platform, which would correspondingly impact the trading price the cortex coins. the token issuer, the project company and/or the cortex coins may affected newly implemented regulations cryptocurrency trading generally unregulated worldwide, but numerous regulatory authorities across jurisdictions have been outspoken about considering the implementation regulatory regimes which govern cryptocurrency cryptocurrency markets. the token issuer, the project company and/or the cortex coins may affected newly implemented regulations relating cryptocurrencies cryptocurrency markets, including having take measures comply with such regulations, having deal with queries, notices, requests enforcement actions regulatory authorities, which may come substantial cost and may also require substantial modifications the cortex coins and/or the cortex platform. this may impact the appeal the cortex coins and/or the cortex platform for users and result decreased usage the cortex coins and/or the cortex platform. further, should the costs (financial otherwise) complying with such newly implemented regulations exceed certain threshold, maintaining the cortex coins and/or the cortex platform may longer commercially viable and the token issuer and/or the project company may opt discontinue the cortex coins and/or the cortex platform. further, difficult predict how whether governments regulatory authorities may implement any changes laws and regulations affecting distributed ledger technology and its applications, including the cortex coins and the cortex platform. the token issuer and/or the project company may also have cease their respective operations jurisdiction that makes illegal operate such jurisdiction, make commercially unviable undesirable obtain the necessary regulatory approval(s) operate such jurisdiction. scenarios such the foregoing, the trading price cortex coins will adversely affected cortex coins may cease traded. the regulatory regime governing the blockchain technologies, cryptocurrencies, tokens and token offerings such token sale, the cortex platform and the cortex coins uncertain, and regulations policies may materially adversely affect the development the cortex platform and the utility the cortex coins regulation tokens (including the cortex coins) and token offerings such the token sale, cryptocurrencies, blockchain technologies, and cryptocurrency exchanges currently undeveloped and likely rapidly evolve, varies significantly among international, federal, state and local jurisdictions and subject significant uncertainty. various legislative and executive bodies singapore and other countries may the future, adopt laws, regulations, guidance, other actions, which may severely impact the development and growth the cortex platform and the adoption and utility the cortex coins. failure the token issuer, the project company users the cortex platform comply with any laws, rules and regulations, some which may not exist yet are subject interpretation and may subject change, could result variety adverse consequences, including civil penalties and fines. blockchain networks also face uncertain regulatory landscape cortex blockchain version many foreign jurisdictions such the european union, china, south korea and russia. various foreign jurisdictions may, the near future, adopt laws, regulations directives that affect the cortex platform. such laws, regulations directives may directly and negatively impact the token issuer's and/or the project company's respective business. the effect any future regulatory change impossible predict, but such change could substantial and materially adverse the development and growth the cortex platform and the adoption and utility the tokens. new changing laws and regulations interpretations existing laws and regulations may materially and adversely impact the value the currency which the cortex coins may sold, the value the distributions that may made the token issuer and/or the project company, the liquidity the cortex coins, the ability access marketplaces exchanges which trade the cortex coins, and the structure, rights and transferability cortex coins. cortex coin holders will have control the token issuer the project company the holders cortex coins are not and will not entitled, vote receive dividends deemed the holder capital stock the token issuer the project company for any purpose, nor will anything construed confer the purchasers any the rights stockholder the token issuer the project company any right vote for the election directors upon any matter submitted stockholders any meeting thereof, give withhold consent any corporate action receive notice meetings, receive subscription rights otherwise. purchasers may lack information for monitoring their investment the purchasers cortex coins may not able obtain all information would want regarding the token issuer, the project company, the cortex coins, the cortex platform, timely basis all. possible that purchasers may not aware timely basis material adverse changes that have occurred. while the token issuer has made efforts use open-source development for cortex coins, this information may highly technical nature. result these difficulties, well other uncertainties, purchasers may not have accurate accessible information about the cortex platform. there may unanticipated risks arising from the cortex coins cryptographic tokens such the cortex coins are relatively new and dynamic technology. addition the risks included this section, there are other risks associated with the purchase, holding and use the cortex coins, including those that the token issuer and the project company cannot anticipate. such risks may further materialise unanticipated variations combinations the risks discussed this