whitepaper ver (april open platform connecting customers and beauty companies website: www.cosmochain.io table contents abstract ii. cosmetics industry trends iii. cosmochain's service architecture iv. cosmochain's token model ico plan vi. roadmap vii. team viii. disclaimer abstract recent years, cosmetics and skincare ("beauty") industry has blossomed and become ubiquitous presence throughout social media, communities, and commerce platforms. the global cosmetics market has been registering steady annual growth and developing countries, (including china) the growth rate has been annually; however, within the market, hundreds cosmetics companies have entered zero-sum game with nearly identical product lines, brand, and sales channels. simply speaking, becoming increasingly difficult find players that provide differentiated and personalized services products catering individuals with tastes and qualities that are outside the "average" user. the focus the "average" ironic because beauty products tend one the most polarizing products terms user experience between different individuals, yet due traditional marketing strategies, the overall industry has been forced away from personalization generalization and mass marketing, effectively functioning declining state innovation. attempt solve this dilemma, cosmetic companies are perpetually seeking 'innovative' ideas that will bring creative disruption the traditional value chain, but the absence marketplace channels that provide reliable consumer data and actionable data insights, such measures face uphill battle. the other end the market, consumers have cope with different difficulties. mentioned above, "cosmetics" one the hottest buzzwords and industries regardless gender, age, and nationality, and among such heated discussions, customers face three major difficulties. first, difficult distinguish real information from fake manipulated information companies sponsor and fund most the current cosmetics content and so-called "studies". secondly, only select few 'power influencers' are currently benefiting from pro-rata ownership enjoying appropriate rewards for their meticulous contribution various platforms. thirdly, cyber security has become dire and pressing issue the amount personal information shared throughout social media grows exponentially. cosmochain complementary company-to-consumer platform that connects cosmetics product users and content creators cosmetics product suppliers, including cosmetics companies, oem/odm manufacturers, r&d centers, and distributors. through this platform, the cosmochain team aims solve the aforementioned unmet needs both companies and customers. all data collected from platform participants are kept confidential this customer-centered ecosystem. those who contribute their scarce time and attention toward producing and curating contents for others are compensated with tokens and receive pro-rata ownership the contents they create. the other hand, cosmetics product suppliers are able actualize wide variety "on-demand" services the platform utilizing api that cosmochain provides. two different tokens and one internal virtual index make the cosmochain ecosystem: the first token externally traded token called cosmo coin, the second token well index contribution the platform cosmo power, which can used make payment within the platform and given out rewards for activities, and the one virtual index called cosmo level. cosmo level, reputation index, designed prevent abuse power within the platform and can only accumulated actual activities and contribution. having been assigned distinct roles within the cosmochain platform, these three entities construct healthy ecosystem. the success the cosmochain platform lies the active participation users where customers create reliable data after trying out various cosmetics products and sharing the experience with one another the platform. result, cosmochain has designed its own transparent and fair reward system based steemit's incentive model. the cosmochain platform connects this user-created data interested company participants and distributes the payment made the company customers reward for use the information. through this reward system, cosmochain aims address two structural issues social media-based platforms: risk inflation following the necessity long-term and great quantity token issuance grow the community, and risk decreasing attractiveness contribution rewards after the inflation rate has been stabilized. addition, the cosmochain platform aims realize upgraded tokenization model that brings the power back its users redistributing the following: (i) the right display ads user's viewing space, (ii) the euromonitor international report, predicted market growth between and global .%, china right access personally curated marketplace, and (iii) the right share personal data partake study survey. simply speaking, the cosmochain platform will beyond simply allowing users share onedimensional personal information. such, cosmochain serves the purpose revolutionizing the cosmetics industry's ecosystem redistributing ownership and management authority personal cosmetics data and contents those need, and through operations transparent rewarding system for the redistribution data. ii. cosmetics industry trends ii-. key changes the cosmetics industry over the last decade, the global cosmetics market grew steadily across product categories and regions become billion market (in terms retail value). the future, the developed markets are expected grow rate -%, and developing markets (such china, southeast asia, south america), are expected grow higher. the same time, some key trends have been spotted within the value chain cosmetics. they lead the conclusion that utilization "customer data and insight" going become big factor winning this business. planning ideation: more recycling existing "success" formulas today's cosmetics market can characterized war "differentiation". the past, whoever had the strongest retail and sales channel always came out victorious; however, today's winners are those that can grab customers' attention. anyone who has purchased cosmetics for the past few years can immediately tell that one can make thousands combinations cosmetics products single store, one can find single product that can all the features toner, lotion, and cream. this huge change from the past because customers are now trying find products that they can customize for their specific skin conditions. result, today's cosmetics industry needs more than just manufacture high quality products; has have precise understanding customer needs and putting them into product development. production: personalization and micro-segmentation the key customers' preference towards "personalization" has already been proven other industries. result, many leading cosmetics companies are investing significant amount time and effort into manufacturing personalized cosmetics products. kiehl and lancome are collecting skin data stores and mix the ingredients for customers the spot. amorepacific using genetic analysis customers who visit stores person. however, this not effective way personalization this does not collect enough data within the short period time, and many customers not feel comfortable having their skin diagnosed stores. result, personalization cosmetics much slower, when compared other industries. channel: marketing/sales switching online channel "marketing effectiveness" decreasing until the early when the offline channel was the main sales channel, marketing efforts were primarily focused mass penetration and atl (above the line tv, paper etc.) channel. since late where online channel became the predominant sales channel, viral marketing has become key while brand power has become less important. for the first time, small mid-sized cosmetics brands were able participate marketing wider group consumers. the ensuing online marketing battles caused each brand spend more and more their revenue cost marketing. when social media giants entered advertising from around the cosmetics companies' most powerful marketing channel became the large social media channels (such facebook). however, customers are now over-exposed unwanted products, and result the cosmetics companies' roac (return advertising costs) has been rapidly decreasing. hence, improving roac through effective targeting and content development has become key driver winning customers. ii-. market value and size associated industries euromonitor international report, predicted market size usd billion amorepacific's waterbank cream and two-tone lip bar, kiehl's apothecary select locations stated above, the cosmetics industry stably growing, highly attractive industry, and the growth expected continue the future such growth evenly distributed both geologically and categorically, rather than concentrated certain region product category. -global cosmetics market size history forecast- -breakdown growth cosmetics market region- desire for collection and sharing beauty data, which the cosmochain platform will provide, prevalent amongst various areas the cosmetics market, and precise data mining and the ability interpret utilize data will become key success factors for cosmetics companies win today's highly sophisticated market. global cosmetics companies are spending billions dollars hire business consulting firms big data analysis companies collect and process beauty related data, while small and medium-sized companies are working with survey companies collect necessary data. there are numerous examples that prove the effectiveness data mining: 'beauty design' and 'curology' the market, and 'huiseoul inc.' the chinese market. the aforementioned companies not only connected customers with beauty consultants but collected dermatologic data from customers receiving skin images, going through personal consultation sessions, and conducting surveys order provide customized cosmetics and skincare solutions. result, they achieved rapid business growth and accumulated millions customers terms monthly active users (mau). another example, 'function beauty,' big data based customized shampoo manufacturer founded has proven the value innovation manufacturing reaching value million two years. the perspectives companies, business operations based such data mining have minimized the manufacture unnecessary products, reduced marketing expense, offered customized solutions, and provided excellent services based customer data; companies are now able eliminate inefficiencies that were once considered almost inevitable. also, important take closer look how customers collect information and utilize sales channels. social media services, online shopping malls, and online blogs are the main information sources female customers their and their annual growth rate the other hand, the growth rate the sales channels somewhat evenly distributed; drugstores are the leading sales channels followed brand shops, social commerce, and the open market. this means that the data collecting points are going bimodal that how customers collect information and where customers actually purchase cosmetics are different. efforts mine collective data are made big data experts keyword extraction algorithm builders, but this kind collection scattered data inevitable given the lack unified platform provide data user-friendly manner the final decision makers (i.e. the customers). although companies are trying solve this problem merging the commerce platform and social media platform, customers are not yet fully satisfied with such platforms that blur the primary and secondary functions. lastly, relaxation government regulation will promote the expansion "customized" cosmetics. well-known fact that providing personalized products are global trend, from fashion lifestyle industries industries that were once considered impossible personalize such electronics furniture. the other hand, the cosmetics industry has been progressing slowly due food and drugs administration's strict regulations. the korean government, starting from the year finally relaxed government regulation and extended support for cosmetics; such change initiated the move the korean cosmetics industry, the hub cosmetics manufacturing, towards personalization. korea already possesses global leading manufacturers with state-of-the-art technology, and the government relaxes regulations, korea-based cosmochain will create synergy effect within the cosmochain platform that will connect technology and global trends. this way, the value data will also increase. such, the primary reason for collecting beauty data within the cosmochain platform not limited particular area the cosmetics industry but bring creative innovations the entire value chain. iii. cosmochain's service architecture cosmochain's architecture made three layers the database, platform, and application layers. all information created and shared within the platform are managed securely the blockchain, all individual customers and participants can exercise ownership and management right their own content, and all platform users can receive compensation when data and content are shared with company participants. also, participating companies are able provide wide variety "on-demand" services the platform utilizing api that cosmochain provides. -cosmochain's service architecture- iii-. platform layer the platform layer core layer the cosmochain service architecture, where customer-provided data stored the blockchain and delivered companies business solutions. the platform layer has two components: 'cosmochain community' for customers and 'cosmochain solutions' for companies. 'cosmochain community' place where customers can talk about cosmetics and beauty and create various contents. through this activity, customers can receive rewards transparent manner for any beauty insights they provide. the data provided can effectively linked participating companies 'company solutions', which can used such companies. iii--. 'cosmochain community' this the most essential part cosmochain's service where all insights for the participating companies are generated. unlike other social media where commercial, unsolicited and mass-oriented content can overwhelming, cosmochain aims create community where objective and useful information shared and communicated. order realize this goal, precisely designed reward system must exist exchange for valuable contents creation and curation activities. therefore, cosmochain has decided utilize blockchain and apply steemit's model, which known have successfully achieved decentralization and has proven its effectiveness social media platform design its own reward system for 'cosmochain community'. customers can participate 'cosmochain community' through content creation (writing posts, uploading videos) and curation activities (voting down other users' posts) both which can result 'rewards' according the reward scheme. iii--. 'cosmochain solutions' addition 'cosmochain community', the cosmochain platform provides various solutions which companies can participate and use the data participating customers. below are the core values the cosmochain platform. the cosmochain platform will provide five different solutions company participants. each company participant will pay fees for using data provided cosmochain's customer participants. company utilizes information provided created customers, the company rewards the customers (the information providers) through the blockchain completely transparent manner. for business models that self-creates extra values using such information, both the platform and data providers shall share rewards order continue the improvement the platform. -cosmochain's solution map- solution collect and manage customer data and allow option share data the essence the cosmochain platform the collection and management data using blockchain technology, and the key data here each customer's basic demographic information, and also cosmetics-specific data such skin type. such personal data are used only within the cosmochain platform and are selectively filled out customers and also customers can also set level how much data will shared with others. for companies, they can compensate the customers who agree share their data with rewards. access such customer data revolutionary can change the rules the game and transform the beauty business model. discussed "ii. cosmetics industry trends", core competency product excellence key customers become more educated and selective choosing the products. however, extremely difficult, not impossible, secure the essential input data using current sources such each company's limited customer pool. companies are able obtain customers' dermatological data, such data will become essential input product ideation and production. this will pave the way for mass-customization cosmetics products, which all cosmetics companies regard the ideal goal. from data security perspective, implementing blockchain will help eliminate any concern over personal data leak and other related security concerns. solution micro-pooling relevant customers companies' acquisition customer data within the platform provides increased level convenience, companies can use the data reliable source customer opinions and ideas for tests and surveys. currently, when cosmetics companies want hear from the public, they can only (i) use existing customer pool, (ii) randomly select people with specific characteristics through agencies, (iii) spend long period time find relevant subjects. due the importance receiving feedback from the right people, companies often spend more time and effort finding the target than carrying out actual testing and analyzing the opinions. the past, this inefficiency was simply regarded inevitable. currently, the so-called "agencies" act bridge between cosmetics companies and customers, connecting the customers with the target characteristics the companies need. fact, these agencies cause even greater inefficiencies increased time, higher cost, and lack accuracy discovering the right sample customers. the cosmochain platform, companies not need spend time and effort find the right testing subjects, and there agency necessary customers with the right characteristics voluntarily respond companies' surveys and test requests return for small amount rewards mutually beneficial relationship. solution provide personalized ads based customer activity analysis today's online and mobile ads, both random and personalized, have great deal inefficiency. first, the right display ads belongs the platform (website, app etc.) owner; therefore, there are ads within platform, all visitors are exposed watching unwanted ads. second, the effectiveness ads questionable today's online and mobile ads simply show ads related what the visitors already clicked the past. result, users are willing pay for services like youtube red other ad-blocking apps order avoid watching unwanted annoying ads. the cosmochain platform, customers have the option watch block ads within the platform and the same time, rewards are given customers who agree watch ads. also, the cosmochain platform provides data and customer insights from customers' behavior within the cosmochain platform, which can used input for personalized ads this allows companies show ads that have the highest chance being converted into actual purchase. this nefits both customers and companies providing the customers convenience discretion watch block ads, and eliminating participating companies' unnecessary advertising costs. solution operating personalized commerce within the platform cosmochain will operate personalized commerce allow customers exposed their most desired products and allow companies display and sell products with the highest click-to-purchase conversion rate. the key advantage cosmochain's commerce feature that the personalization based real information from cosmochain's customers. even google and amazon's most advanced personalization engine can only based highly accurate assumptions using customer analysis guess the customers' information this still not the same using real information which difficult acquire the first place. however, cosmochain will implement both real data and customer analysis, allowing achieve higher accuracy than any other existing algorithm. another advantage that the more customers agree share their personal data and the more customers participate the cosmochain platform, the faster the accuracy and effectiveness personalized commerce will improve. solution providing big data-analyzed customer insight lastly, the cosmochain platform provides multidimensional customer insight analyzing all information and actions its customers. simply speaking, possible convert every community activity, such blog posts, creating content, shopping etc., into usable data. for example, possible analyze customer's vote vote down activity analyze what the customer likes, extract keywords from popular blog post. this creates synergy with the already provided customer data, and the end, this will result customer insights which have never before been available. iii--. how the cosmochain platform operated the cosmochain platform provides user-friendly order for users easily participate company-sponsored projects. five key features the cosmochain platform from user's perspective are follows: social media community user can freely upload view content like social media, and other users can vote, write comments repost their personal page. each uploading content regarded contribution the cosmochain platform, and responses from other users will evaluated automatically specific algorithm, which will decide how much cosmo power (usable tokens within the platform) cosmo level (reputation index) will rewarded. customers who consumed content can receive rewards for their curation efforts. participating company-sponsored projects addition the basic information provided platform participants, companies can initiate sponsored projects when need extra data, surveys tests. the "project" tab, users can see the current list sponsored projects, cosmo power rewarded, qualifications participate and other relevant information. individuals should use their cosmo power deposit participate. companies can select which individuals execute the project with, and companies can predict reliability level participants based the amount cosmo power cosmo level held candidates. after successful execution project, agreed amount cosmo power shall rewarded participating individuals. amount cosmo power can adjusted through mutual evaluation the project, and amount cosmo level rewarded will automatically calculated. commerce features for shopping (marketplace) the cosmochain platform offers marketplace, where participating companies can sell their products. when transaction made, payment made cosmo power, and companies can either convert into cosmo coin (token) and then into cash (fiat money) use cosmo power freely within the cosmochain platform. customers can use cash and cosmo power combined buy and companies receive cash and cosmo power combined. result, cosmo power paid customers are internally vested cosmo coin, and companies receive cosmo coins, cash (through exchange solution within the platform) immediately products (more details iv. cosmochain's token model). data submission participating customers provide personal dermatological and cosmetics-related data, and whenever companies access the uploaded data, customers receive preassigned amount cosmo power. this means companies can access the data customers who agreed share their personal data, and return companies pay customers the agreed amount cosmo power. the "data submission" tab the cosmochain platform contains demographic information: personal data such name, gender, birthday, region etc., dermatological and cosmetics-related information: actual photos skin and types products recently used, new product registration details products not yet registered cosmochain's database, purchase data: list products purchased within and outside the cosmochain platform. customers receive cosmo power for submission data, and they can set the level what data make accessible. companies can perform big data analysis draw customer insights. personal account management including cosmo coin cosmo power conversion, and provision platform information since essential for the cosmochain platform encourage users create valuable data and create cosmeticsrelated contents receive rewards for their contribution, separate 'my cosmo power' and "my cosmo level" sections have been created. the right-hand side tab features 'personal account management', 'provide platform information' 'faq' and other tools that assist the smooth operation the platform. this section, customers can convert/exchange tokens used the cosmochain platform, purchase cosmo coin, read faqs, and refer any other useful information. developers can access cosmochain's api information, which will allow them develop decentralized application and contribute the platform part the ecosystem. iii-. database layer today's so-called industry era information and communications technologies (ict), high costs are involved receiving and processing meaningful data, and there are always questions regarding reliability. cosmochain designed full database layer using blockchain its core technology order take full advantage data integrity, nonrepudiation, network fees, and other inherent benefits. iii--. selection base blockchain the cosmochain team spending considerable amount time and efforts research various blockchain protocols for smooth operations the cosmochain platform. there are two requirements for selecting the blockchain protocol for the cosmochain platform: transaction fee must minimal due the nature the cosmochain platform, most activities within the platform require high storage space and frequency utilization, and each transaction requires fees, the platform will not sustainable, and network processing power must able handle all transactions simultaneously the nature community requires transaction power least tps. the cosmochain team will continue evaluate technical requirements and feedbacks from users before development and completion the cosmochain platform. iii--. data classification for the access-restricted all information within the platform can divided into public and private, depending the contributor's intention, and cosmochain has decided follow the naming rule access modifier. the middle the information used for transaction the platform, and this data can vary from simple demographic info actual pictures and videos skin condition, areas interest etc. cosmochain classified this "protected-on" and depending upon the user's choice, possible switch 'protected-off' and this data fully encrypted. key values are saved within blockchain and encrypted values are stored outside blockchain. deciding the scope information selection (switching on/off information) key item for consideration. internally, the cosmochain team will build global data fabric and execute etl (extraction, transformation, loading) the large set data the web, analyze the rapidly changing key factors the cosmetics business, and finally establish the platform destination decide whether provide information the next platform user. iii--. storage policy according google, visitors will leave the website the page does not load within seconds; thus, keeping the blockchain body light and securing high service speed. except for publicly-stored text type data, all data will encrypted with only hash stored private key within blockchain, and value data will securely stored amazon cosmochain also considered ipfs (interplanetary file system); but concluded other problems may rise all "protected-on" can decrypted. cosmochain will provide various security/certification such hipaa/hitech, fed ramp, and will use amazon web services (aws) the main external database aws offers tools for big data analytics. public data stored data space within blockchain and decoded area within storage and will made public everyone. private data can only accessed the specific user the data stored the encrypted area within storage. upon users' request, data can exchanged between encrypted and decoded spaces. iii--. api and other infrastructure overview cosmochain team will provide api that not only runs results internally cleansed data, but also provides search engine features that allow the customers perform queries scoped various levels privacy. addition, this api will also able run various on-demand services the platform and will consider provision sdk the future. the end goal the development will surface all these functionalities easy-to-use api for developers consume. cosmochain must have multi-contract/multi-state interface the platform will based web and mobile. following specified 'smart contract', the flow will follow below infrastructure components. essentially, nosql-based light (such mongodb, redis, cassandra) will built order accommodate data variation, conducting cache within server, and the main data will encrypted and stored server. therefore, below infrastructure design will allow powerful big data analysis (such aws big data solutions). iii-. application layer cosmochain's application layer allows company participants develop various solutions and applications within the cosmochain platform, and this will help generate new ideas from all participating parties. although not implemented yet, following use cases based cosmochain are possible: use case personalized product development gather ideas from customers with similar skin types and cosmetics needs, and produce personalized products customizing the product solution use case big data-based shopping navigator perform big data analysis customer data and guide the customers through the recommended products based their skin type/nationality/country/age iv. cosmochain's token model three different asset classes make the cosmochain ecosystem: two tokens managed the blockchain (cosmo coin cosmo power), and third in-platform index (cosmo level) for expressing the contribution level within the platform. cosmo coin: cosmo coin the primary medium economic activity and exchange within the cosmochain platform. companies, cosmo coin used means payment for utilizing various solutions within the cosmochain platform. individual users, cosmo coin used means purchase cosmo power necessary for in-platform activities, and acts medium exchange convert cosmo power acquired from activities into other currencies. cosmo power: 'cosmo power' can obtained conversion from cosmo coins through community contributions (e.g. posting reviews, voting and down posts), and represents level contribution the platform. therefore, cosmo power can used index influence within the community (which determines how much reward will given) and when acquired purchased cosmo power can used purchase products within the cosmochain platform's marketplace. depending the level contribution, cosmo power holders are provided with "activity credits". users who wish tokenize cosmo power have the option convert cosmo power cosmo coin through -day vesting period. cosmo level: cosmo level indicator and measure user's contribution the cosmochain community. cosmo level determined the total amount cosmo power accrued moving time window. cosmo level cannot purchased cosmo coin converted from cosmo power can only accumulated through activities within the platform. depreciation applied cosmo level through exponentially weighted moving average (ewma), which encourages active platform activities. -cosmochain's token mechanism- iv-. cosmo power cosmo power the level influence user can yield within the cosmochain platform. for those who are familiar with the steemit platform, cosmo power conceptually analogous steem power (sp) this respect. [acquisition cosmo power] there are two ways acquire cosmo power platform participants. through active participation inside the cosmochain platform: platform participant can acquire cosmo power sharing his/her personal cosmetics usage history and derma-related information, creating sharing digital content the platform, and exercising voting rights content and interactions the platform. below are specific activities from which customers can earn cosmo power: providing personal information and agreeing utilization personal information: this scenario, participant simply provides his/her personal and dermatological information filling out template guided the platform. the data provided participants will securely stored encrypted and decentralized format, keeping the sensitive and personal information safely. however, the number cosmo power awarded will depend the level detail and validity the information provided. participants can set the level access their personal information subject, and exercise complete ownership and management rights their data. companies willing utilize this information can access the information only the level access set the participants. companies wish access information beyond the set level access, they can request for additional access ask for more information, which participants who received the request may choose accept decline the request. creating contents: participants can acquire cosmo power creating contents (posts videos) through curation activities (i.e. voting) the contents within the platform. detailed reward scheme will defined steemit's reward system reference. contents created users are evaluated through voting from other participants the platform and are rewarded according the received votes. voting: participants evaluate contents voting them and down. this important form contribution for ensuring the quality the platform; therefore, participants who vote down contents will rewarded with cosmo power accordingly. converting cosmo coin cosmo power: the platform also provides the option convert cosmo coin cosmo power. the conversion effective immediately. [use cosmo power] cosmo power equates voting influence the community: participants get votes proportion their cosmo power holdings. voting power derived from cosmo power holdings can used curate high-quality contents through voting and this contribution rewarded with cosmo power. cosmetics purchase the marketplace: participants can purchase cosmetics the marketplace using cosmo power. conversion cosmo coin: cosmo power can converted cosmo coin upon request from both participants and companies. after -day vesting period request, cosmo power will converted cosmo coin. the prime motivation for having this vesting period place encourage long-term holding cosmo power, which essential sustainable growth the cosmochain platform. the vesting period also serves effective deterrence against short-term arbitrage opportunities and buffer react any unforeseen circumstances. acquisition cosmo coin through long-term holding cosmo power: cosmo power represents influence within the community and holding cosmo power for long period regarded contribution platform through community activities. cosmo power holders will receive certain amount activity credits based their cosmo level, which given according the level contribution the platform. iv-. cosmo coin cosmo coin token that participants can trade with each other and can transferred outside the platform. cosmo coin provides medium monetary reward for users' contribution the platform. cosmo coin also used for other functionalities built the platform. companies pay for sponsored projects and ads cosmo coin. also, cosmo coin can used companies receive payment from the marketplace transactions. iv-. inflation the inflation rate cosmo coin will initially set for the first year initial token sales and decrease (of the previous inflation rate percent) every year. inflation rates for will approximately .%, and from onwards, the rate will fixed .%. portion newly issued coins will provided cosmo power holders activity credits based their cosmo level. such, cosmochain plans stabilize inflation faster than other comparable social media platforms blockchain, including steemit. this plan based the condition that circulation tokens that exceeds customers' demands occurs through solutions provided within the platform, which means the platform does not need issue infinite number new tokens reward customers for their contribution through activities. liquidity tokens established through following mechanisms: marketplace through which customers can directly purchase companies' products with cosmo power, and ii) operation coin pool, which stores tokens for in-platform transactions. iv-. coin pool the cosmochain platform's coin pool exists enhance token liquidity between users and companies within the platform. the coin pool replenished follows: inflation: newly issued cosmo coin will stored the coin pool. revenue from businesses: upon customers' approval, the cosmochain platform will provide mechanisms for companies display advertisements within the platform. also, companies will able carry out companysponsored projects, such customer surveys, product tests focus group interviews. cosmo coins used payments for these services will stored the coin pool. the coin pool will consumed follows: payouts participants: platform users who view ads the platform and participate company-sponsored projects will paid converting cosmo coins from the coin pool cosmo power. providing discounts the marketplace: platform users will receive benefits the marketplace based the amount cosmo power held (or cosmo level), and the discount benefits will funded from the coin pool. operating costs: operating costs for maintaining healthy platform and its ecosystem will funded from the coin pool. -cosmochain's coin pool mechanism- subject change upon start platform operations iv-. reputation model based cosmo level cosmo level designed guarantee more objective platform activity reputation than cosmo power, which can purchased. cosmo level assigned individual customer company proportional the amount cosmo power acquired contribution rewards from platform participation. [exponentially weighted moving average cosmo level] contribution community calculated [amount cosmo power held time-depreciated cosmo level .], and depreciated contribution cosmo level calculated below. period observation months. a=.. the value may change after testing processes find the value that returns lowest mse (mean squared error). cl# refers the cosmo level given time and refers the converted value cosmo level emwa. cl# )s#,[cosmo level loyalty system] cosmo level categorizes both individual customers and companies into three levels based loyalty, and following benefits will given. number customers/companies each class level will divided the ratio ::, and loyalty level will assigned every week monday kst. cosmo level individual customers vip class top all customers price discount the marketplace additional rewards when participating company sponsored projects top all customers (the next price discount the marketplace additional rewards when participating company sponsored projects cosmo level companies level top all companies class level top all companies (the next subject change during finalization process loyalty system class all remaining customers (the last discount level all remaining companies (the last premium window open (always display items top the page) can participate feature sales (brand exhibition) market fee discount can participate feature sales (brand exhibition) market fee discount notify all users sponsored projects iv-. marketplace key feature cosmochain the marketplace. the cosmochain marketplace provides the opportunity for companies acquire cosmo coins without directly purchasing cosmo coins. the platform grows, more companies will willing participate sales through cosmochain's marketplace will provide benefits such lower costs, targeted sales etc. iv-. in-depth contemplation the token model why does cosmochain's ecosystem need two types tokens (cosmo coin cosmo power) well one extra virtual index (cosmo level) measure reputation level? success the cosmochain platform stems from long-term commitment participants the community. cosmo power promotes long-term commitment through the vesting schedule, and this model has been proven through steemit. short-term users will hold cosmo coin, while long-term users will hold cosmo power, taking extra advantage extra voting power greater discounts within the marketplace. the cosmochain platform can self-sustain creating semi "closed loop value chain" that connects valuable community-created data companies who can use the data for product improvement and redistributing its value back the customers rewards. users were rewarded with currency that could liquidated immediately, they would not able participate from long-term perspective. introducing cosmo power the ecosystem, cosmochain induces participants long-term users providing reasons hold cosmo power and setting day vesting period for liquidation. however, cosmo power can also purchased capital, and platform recommends long-term holding cosmo power providing (activity credits); therefore, amount cosmo power itself may not accurate evaluation tool measure contribution. therefore, the cosmochain platform has implemented cosmo level the operations the platform, which pure reputation index that can accumulated only actually contributing the platform through activities. how reward rate cosmo power designed? amount cosmo power rewarded, which provided the customers for their contributing activities, designed with the following key inputs: community contribution: rewards for posts are distributed from the coin inflation proportion the votes they receive. the reward distributed the author the post, and the remaining the reward distributed among the curators (i.e. participants who voted the post) proportion the votes they have given. revenue from companies: activities such data submission, project participation and views are subject extra rewards provided the platform. weights (proportion) allocation cosmo power follows expected customer demands categories. result, amount cosmo power rewarded for each activity may fluctuate due short term activity demands; however, the platform will designed prevent inversion relative values each activity. ico plan v-. initial cosmo coin distribution plan proportion here arbitrary number used for example, and the exact number will set and applied through simulations the future soft cap (,eth) not met, all coins sold will refunded. hard cap met, all ico requests made afterwards will revoked and eth paid for the ico will refunded the requestors. -ico schedule and bonus scheme- above ico schedule bonus scheme are subject change with prior notice depending company policy. issuance cosmo coin support the development the cosmochain platform, and the economic ecosystem surrounding the platform, and one can participate the ico using ethereum (eth). the total number cosmo coins issued ico participants will equal initial token distribution. total initial token distribution will distributed towards partners the platform for acceleration activities, will used reserve for the purpose developing and support economic ecosystem the cosmochain platform, another will allocated cosmochain team, and the remaining will distributed advisory and early stage investors. tokens that participants purchase through the ico are the same tokens consumable the cosmochain platform once the platform development completed. early participants the cosmochain's ecosystem, the participating companies will have the opportunity utilize cosmochain's solutions (that are more economical than existing marketing tools) first, this number may increased due bonus, but total token supply will not changed. and the participating users are expected able exercise greater influence through more convenient acquisition cosmo power. v-. instructions for ico the cosmo coin ico will done through ethereum smart contract. ico participants will able purchase cosmo coins transferring ethereum directly the ethereum wallet address that cosmochain provides. cosmo coins will automatically allocated the contributors' ethereum wallet, the transfer properly completed. cosmochain team will further provide detailed instructions for participating the cosmo coin ico through its official website. v-. post-ico funds implementation plan funds collected through the ico process will used follows: use details platform r&d the cosmochain platform plans bring many technological innovations throughout the entire value chain cosmetics industry. the cosmochain team plans further develop: "standardized solution" utilizing customers' image data, big data analysis algorithm based machine learning merging structured and unstructured information, and acceleration user interface and user experience that meet the requirements the rapidly changing characteristics beauty industry customers. server operation and the most important keys successfully operating the decentralized systems are the: maintenance node operating system, and security external architecture that linked the blockchain. terms node operating system, the system needs either fulfill the necessary conditions the computing power system core, +mb bandwidth) response pow purchase large amounts coins meet the condition pos/dpos. besides the blockchain's ledger, areas linked other system are vulnerable processing/flowing/storing data. this case, the modification the architecture necessary depending the development the hardware and security technology order provide the best performance and services. building partnerships building partnerships with industry leading cosmetics companies necessary for the cosmochain platform's long-term and stable growth. thus, the cosmochain team actively seeking for partnerships around the world. such partnerships include 'image deep-learning software companies,' 'multi-channel networks,' 'global cosmetics distributors,' and 'cosmetics community management companies.' marketing operating since the beauty community extremely competitive, the cosmochain team will expense invite active content creators users from existing platforms such 'instagram,' 'youtube,' and 'blogs.' this will result considerable amount initial advertising and marketing costs. v-. policies and precautions ico participants must aware the following before making any investment decisions risk and uncertainty the whitepaper description the company's business plan and company's vision and not guarantee assurance business details. ico participants must aware that actual processes business may change due surrounding circumstances any other issues that may arise the course business development. ico restrictions citizens corporations countries where any ico prohibited may not participate the ico. such participation later discovered, the participating individual entity shall bear all legal responsibility. language cosmochain's whitepaper written korean, english, and chinese. whitepapers written other languages are for reference only. all investors, cosmochain recommends verification the whitepaper reading whitepapers written korean, english, chinese before participating the ico. nature cosmo coin cosmo coin may not used for any other purpose than stated the whitepaper. cosmo coin not stock, and dividends voting rights will given cosmo coin holders. cancellations refunds ico participants may not request cancellations refunds purchased cosmo coins. v-. risks that ico participants should consider all ico participants should fully aware the risks listed below related the construction the cosmochain platform before purchasing cosmo coins. risk related the beauty industry the beauty industry highly competitive market due its high trend sensitivity and low barriers entry. also, the cosmetics market highly volatile that strictly controlled regulations the food and drug administration. thus, there are risks new regulations banning beauty platform businesses, data marketplace, sharing personal information. this may result unexpected outcomes such low participation levels both companies and customers limitations platform operations. risk related blockchain technology and the blockchain industry government regulation not clearly stated the time this whitepaper's release, and new regulations may partially limit ban the construction the cosmochain platform and ecosystem. risk related ico participation participating the cosmochain ico may banned depending ico participants' nationalities and according their respective countries' regulations. vi. roadmap the cosmochain team plans develop the cosmochain platform according the following schedule: mar whitepaper ver release, cosmochain poc release apr meet-up sessions (time and location: tba) apr private/pre-sale may crowdsale alpha release soft launch closed beta release global launch vision for platform growth: cosmochain team would like propose the following roadmap order quickly organize and stabilize cosmochain's economic ecosystem. please note that the roadmap below regard the operation the cosmochain platform prior stabilization, and the cosmochain team's endeavor for the platform achieve full autonomy and decentralization once stabilization complete. growth the business model first, the cosmochain team will recruit individuals that can actively participate the cosmochain platform and secure their data. this activates the "data submission" feature the platform, and this the area which cosmochain shall address through marketing efforts different target countries. for the early supply data the initial phase business, the cosmochain team will partner with cosmetics companies that already have cosmetics databases the target countries, order merge them into the cosmochain's database. the same time, cosmochain will release the social network service, the biggest feature the platform, within six months the ico order recruit more platform participants and continue offer competitive services and drive business growth further enhancing the accumulated data. particularly for the case huiseoul inc., chinese k-beauty mobile commerce company which finalized partnership agreement with the cosmochain team, cosmochain and huiseoul inc., will cooperate complete migration huiseoul inc.'s entire customer pool and customer data huiseoul inc. already offering data-based product recommendation solution; therefore, transfer and integration the data the 'blockchain' will likely seamless. through this partnership, the cosmochain platform plans offer service customers china and korea with the soft launch the platform. with enough advanced data and pool participants, the cosmochain team will cooperate with companies that want take part this constructive revolution the cosmetics industry using the cosmochain's database and prove that this new concept the economic ecosystem indeed effective. this service includes sharing database with participating companies, company-sponsored projects, micro-segmented marketing and establishing personalized sales channel basically, all business models that team expect bring the world. the innovative services that the cosmochain platform will provide are designed address unmet needs today's cosmetics companies, and has already been proven elsewhere that these could solved using blockchain technology. this point that the cosmochain team expects the cosmetics companies willing enter private sales the platform. when company-sponsored projects enter the soft stage the cosmochain's economic ecosystem, companies around the world will willing join the platform, which will result further development the cosmochain's api layer. using api provided the cosmochain team, many companies are expected develop and offer differentiated services releasing dapp (decentralized application), and the course this service development, the cosmochain platform can generate even greater business opportunities and value creation. regional and global expansion order grow the platform and build economic ecosystem, cosmochain will gradually expand its business countries based their respective strategic importance. the first global market that cosmochain will target china top priority country both terms cosmetics market size and growth rate. fact, the cosmochain team has already signed mous with number cosmetics-related companies china and received content the supply their customers' data. currently, the cosmochain team testing the process migrating data the cosmochain platform. addition the chinese market, cosmochain will target the korean market the same time, one the most dynamically changing and trend-leading cosmetics markets the world. although the korean market very mature with the second highest cosmetics-industry-to-gdp rate, the country's cosmetics market still growing quickly annual growth rate addition, with the highest internet connectivity and smartphone penetration rates, korea strategically high priority market for the platform. cosmochain aims secure sufficient high-quality data from china and korea the end the first half cosmochain plans execute company-sponsored projects within the cosmochain platform. starting the second half cosmochain will expand even further japan and other asean countries, the americas, europe and oceania. the billion japanese market and the so-called "post-china" asean region with more than million people will the next target for cosmochain both for scale and growth. especially, the asean cosmetics market projected grow more than until and online commerce growing even faster annually. the american (us) market the largest cosmetics market which accounts for approximately global revenues are made. using the american market starting point, cosmochain will look towards brazil (th largest market) and other markets the americas. into the cosmochain plans expand europe and oceana. vii. team vii-. key team members vii-. current status team members (as march department board development sales general administration total no. members the number members subject change, and the team may supplemented with additional members after the ico for platform development and ecosystem advancement. viii. disclaimer this draft whitepaper provided the cosmochain team those that are interested the cosmochain's blockchainbased platform (hereinafter referred the "cosmochain project") reference provide information the business model the cosmochain project and details cosmo coins that have multiple uses within the platform. this draft whitepaper serves purpose recommending investment the cosmochain project the cosmochain team and completely irrelevant such purpose. this draft whitepaper written as-is based the time was written, and therefore the cosmochain team does not guarantee the accuracy appropriateness any part the paper including the conclusion, schedule accomplishments the project after the moment this whitepaper read. this information contained herein subject change following the cosmochain team's policies decision-making and such changes will not applied anywhere but the final version the whitepaper. the cosmochain team holds legal responsibility any items content this draft whitepaper and makes representations warranties whatsoever. for example, whether this draft whitepaper (i) written with legal procedures without breach rights party, (ii) commercially valuable useful, (iii) serving meeting your personal goals, (iv) error-free the content, (v) abiding the laws terms writing distribution this document within countries residence the readers the cosmochain team, (vi) abiding the laws terms details the cosmochain project within the countries residence the readers the cosmochain team, not guaranteed whatsoever. the cosmochain team's exemption from responsibility not limited the items listed above. any results (profit loss) from making decisions based using this document reference are the responsibility the decision makers themselves. other words, the cosmochain team holds responsibility any damages, losses any other results and impacts made the use this document. please treat this draft whitepaper any part the document confidential; such cannot copied disseminated without the consent the cosmochain team. this whitepaper continually updated until the date pre-sale; hence, this whitepaper shall used reference for cosmochain's broad business plan and vision. finalized details will covered the final version this whitepaper.