contents roadmap unveiling cutting-edge blockchain blockchain with real-world use cases the era before couchain couchain: the mission couchain and global adoption fast-paced transaction processing greenhouse friendly couchain; the touchstones neural consensus algorithm on-chain and off-chain computing sharing adaptive database micro service structure and functional api rollback (adjustable feature only request) biometric data seed for electronic signature coherence transactional model seamless data flow proven multi-chain networks developer integrations for java and programming languages common use immediate steps walk-through couchain references page roadmap unveiling cutting-edge blockchain reliability and demonstrable safety should the hallmarks the frontline protagonists the blockchain phenomenon. the associated aftereffects block mining today's world huge demand for computing power, environmental degradation, and slow pace transactions. while transaction costs remain high for the most part, there imbalance the height technological progress relation optimal service delivery. poor transaction processing times arise from the use processors limited output and capacity. sticking the status quo, the world sold dummy; option exists faster blockchain versions quantum processing. the same vein, the built-in safety mechanism consensus approval before major decisions are made the blockchain also slows the transaction processing rate. this applies both the proof stake and proof work modes. the blockchain network interconnected things that makes possible for data update from connected terminals. data gets updated, the entire network goes into rescan, leading slowdown and consumption more computing power and storage. this observation what makes the blockchain presently inadequate for complex uses. the same vein, security layers built-in the blockchain can only safeguard data, and ill-structured ensure recovery lost coins. coins sent wrong wallet addresses and inactive nodes are also not recovered. malicious accounts are also out the net the present structure cannot block them. not forgotten the fact that crypto currencies come with distinct configuration that makes impossible for homogenous universal interaction. blockchain with real-world use cases the couchain blockchain robust outcome digital technology that can used for real world applications. when bitcoin hit the limelight, tech experts began explore the potential the blockchain, and they realized that its functionalities extend beyond facilitating digital currencies. the cue fast thinking techies led the surge the number decentralized applications that have made global limelight. anyone who asks dapps are already available, should see the likes bitshares, bitmessage, and peerplays. these have become known for decentralized exchange functions, encrypted messaging, and trustless betting. golem also known for cloud computing and steemit stands out social media platform. while many developers have shown interest the blockchain, the challenge faced the third era was building blockchain app from ground up. the work involved this regard posed challenge innovators who have through the laborious process each time. the wake the fourth generation blockchains, developers have realized that options exist for their native apps hosted. couchain blockchain effectively takes off this burden that innovators and developers have grappled with over the years complementing existing solutions. developers will able use the couchain blockchain host their apps and develop their product/service niche using robust platform. the era before couchain the immediate era that preceded the unveiling couchain had its defining attraction such landmarks as: expedited transaction speed gravitation from pos dpos the attraction commercial adoption use consensus algorithm deepened scalability transaction fees reduction wider integration possibilities. the possibilities expedited transaction speed emerged the third generation blockchains, the promise the viability the commercial adoption blockchains became reality. the second generation, although the essence blockchain transactions conquering national and continental boundaries became reality, efficiency was problem, the speed credit card processing excelled what the blockchain could offer the ethereum and bitcoin universes. the third generation, bitshare showed some promise, and when ripplenet became reality, the capacity the blockchain churn out millions transactions per second brightened up. just when the world was getting used the excitement that existing blockchains have commercial adoption possibility, the couchain has come into the mix with the outstanding fourth generation relational blockchain. the concept blockchain operating systems can placed ongoing sphere with commercial usage gathering momentum. there has also been facets excitement with the many use cases unveiled. couchain primed blockchain that developers can explore hosting apps that answer their core selling points. such open source slant the hallmark that defines the robust architecture, security and associated innovative features. any application that developed the couchain blockchain will able make use the provided database, model operation, account permissions, account recovery and multiple indices. couchain capabilities provides you work with sorted data enables scheduling functions, manage cpu cores, handle needed authentication and allied key management across the platform. you will able focus your core business functions that routine demands app administration not clutter your performance and efficiency. there doubt that developers will able focus app development and optimize their roles with couchain the background. app users that come the network will free explore the functionalities without the hurdle access fees. this can unlock several business potentials and give any app opening for growth and expansion market share. couchain:the mission couchain has mission that not targeted defining blockchain technologies trademark, but, rather based capabilities. the evolution the blockchain can traced from the first the fourth generation. the concept first generation blockchains identified for their use the proof work algorithm validating transactions. the resultant hard forks associated with the pioneer era the blockchain innovations that were not groundbreaking. the dawn second generation blockchain started with ethereum leading the era denominated smart contracts-based blockchains. the underlying attraction the era was the capacity for issuance varying tokens the platform. what the first and second generation had common was energy -intensive and poor speed transactions. validation newly spawned blocks progressed snail speed that made commercial adoption the blockchain unattractive. the major drawbacks the first two generations the blockchain necessitated improving scalability, reducing energy usage levels, and expediting transaction speed. these apparent drawbacks became the persuasion for the evolution the third generation blockchains. the third generation blockchains was anchored the updated proof stake algorithm place the proof work option. beyond these, off-chain scaling partial full centralization and graph chains also featured this era. what the fourth generation sought provide exponential leap transaction processing times. scalability also target that impediment can lie the path commercial adoption the blockchain. making the blockchain competitive for use more diverse and complex scenarios the end-game this era. the demands diversified work environments require security data, expedited traceability, and data persistence for the blockchain relevant. applying the concept relational databases complex data structures are inevitable for optimized blockchains. epitome the fourth generation blockchain, couchain expands the boundaries present possibilities data storage, auditing, reliability, security and application decentralization. the neural consensus algorithm, which uses e-differential agreement substitution for proof work and proof stake approach. couchain offers higher level adaptation within the blockchain providing features for integration erc/erc solutions. also allows hosting third party tokens and coins integration. couchain has made appropriate use existing solutions that optimize the blockchain adjunct its distinct selling points. couchain and global adoption the blockchain couchain offers structure that stretches the boundaries the blockchain presently know it. data layers are enhanced couchain expedited verification manner that flows through entire organized data structures that have symbolic links. couchain blockchain makes verification transactions possible within distributed decentralized system coherent manner. the couchain model differs from what obtains presently the blockchain its introduction storage solution with advanced and organized capacities. couchain offers what can otherwise described adaptive cryptographic database, which best suited for complex data structures. the layers data would interact seamlessly ensure the realization envisioned goals. the couchain platform, computing power optimized this can shared between linked nodes both on-chain and off-chai modes. this manner, the requirement speedy processing will met with all the available resources work. couchain set win the market the most agile solution for every area need and deployment. the agile approach makes possible for responsive framework that draws experiences encountered the course project development. this wise, all possible swot (strengths, weaknesses, opportunities and threats) are catered for. so, whatever sub-optimal the process discarded improved upon. agile the best approach software development makes room for updates and fine tuning from conception deployment phases. this makes possible respond changing market trends and competitors' unique selling points. using agile makes sure bet remain the cutting-edge while the product launch underway. fast-paced transaction processing couchain differentiated its quality, and that major selling point that the market open the moment. the blockchain attractive for use many facets life, but, only the extent that meets the requirements varying business interests. speed what makes the difference between competing blockchains today's world, and couchain leverages this. couchain will process transactions faster pace with increased participation leading higher processing times. this huge plus for diversified businesses increases the capacity for transaction processing. couchain optimizes computational strength, and the performance each node on-chain and off-chain basis. greenhouse friendly couchain greenhouse-friendly, which ties the prevailing global sentiment steering the blockchain away from fossil energy dependency. couchain optimized minimize computational power input for transactional validation opposed the huge energy needs built-in for pow (proof work) algorithms. couchain substitutes neural consensus algorithm for pow, and this entails deepening linear scalability. the performance increase will arise the node size increases. better performance assured node network ecosystem with tps peaking when comes reaching consensus, there selection head node, since there are only simple calculations that will arise, lower energy consumption assured. this gives couchain greenhouse friendly identity. couchain: the touchstones couchain projects complete generational shift for the blockchain with unique selling points that aim the understated touchstones: neural consensus algorithm on-chain and off-chain computing sharing adaptive database micro service structure and functional api rollback (adjustable feature only request) biometric data seed for electronic signature transactional model seamless data flow proven multi-chain networks developer integrations for java and programming languages common use neural consensus algorithm couchain adopted the neural consensus algorithm result several its hallmarks. the e-differential agreement (eda) the neural consensus also known, leverages the strength linear scalability. linear scalability the consensus algorithm, exponetizes performance node size increases. diagrammatic linear flow steele's dimensional node representation increase node size more participation won't slow down the network, but, have the opposite effect. node size increases, there faster convergence and logically, optimized performance results. what stands out with couchain's preferred algorithm that eda has configuration based micro-real numbers, which between and this takes the strong points the prevalent consensus algorithms they are known and overrides their associated weaknesses. when eda put use node network ecosystem, transactions per second (tps) peaked the delay confirmation transactions plummeted several seconds. remarkably, lower computational power needed for the outlined procedure compared dpos, pos and pow approach. these are hallmarks the neural consensus algorithm: continuous voting replaces discrete voting used known consensus processes different environments are configured with different efficiency parameters energy saving and greenhouse friendly operational suitability for wide-range network systems adjustable parameters reduced transmission overhead structural security essence the use secured virtual containers for distribution nodes the structural security approach for couchain. any host machine operator cannot have the needed credentials for access nodes without due access, which consonance with the linux security referral. the use double access lock preferred that anyone with guest credentials cannot compromise the lock feature. structural security anchored reverse access denial the double access lock evaluated above put place ensure that nodes not directly under couchain management secure and not compromised. this approach isolates the prescribed configuration from unwanted interventions and runs autonomously. couchain authentic with design that makes inaccessible just anyone. the security layout has three major components within the container shown above, also encompasses the operative and security layers. there the substantive couchain server compiled code, couchain cluster asymmetric key authenticator, the challenge seed, the server code hash certificate well the transaction data. the cluster access certificate can put additional use automating container access credentials' update during the compilation phase using random password. this will preclude any interloper from gaining access without having the preset input keys. adoptive language make couchain open wider spectrum developers globally, couchain designed make use the widely known sql-anchored syntax. the purpose this approach make easier for more people learn couchain basics without much ado. this will also make room for the standard persistent-storage functions which understandable majority developers. on-chain and off-chain computing sharing the demands computing power the blockchain not doubt. this comes the fore global concerns over the huge energy-intensive nature existing blockchains. couchain enables computations off-chain, has decentralized approach. realizing this, the processes are optimized such way ensure that data integrity assured running computations on-chain has proven prohibitive for the ethereum blockchain, and this explains the high gas implication for transactions. when computation therefore enabled off-chain, heavy tasks can sufficiently executed those nodes. tasks that are data -intensive like functionalities and transcoding videos are practically impossible on-chain modes. these are some the tasks that can off-chain ensure cost savings. couchain will make possible for developers work around the inhibitions identified. range verifiable computations can tracked using tools that make such possible. proof correctness and proof result can retrieved clients using less computational power that far less than what actual on-chain computation transactions will necessitate. couchain optimized ensure that computing shared between on-chain and offchain systems. when computing done off-chain, pressure and energy demands reduces the chain. the processing that goes off-chain also ensures that distributed storage optimized all times. since the stored data on-chain accessible everyone, the off-chain version also gets updated whenever regains network connectivity. this feature couchain can seen multi-pronged with distinct innovative edge. adaptive database couchain capacitated for industrial, institutional administrative use that calls for synchrony complex processes. couchain positioned trailblazer the marketplace cryptographically adaptive database solutions with distributed decentralized features. the conceptualization couchain makes possible for chainable entities become split-chains with that entail disparate entities and records. these entities rejoin the parent chain after each transaction-related modification completed. couchain terms, the transactional coins along with all subsisting entity the platform will conform four identified tables: individual user the wallet the wallet state, and the transaction couchain's adaptive database model each these outlined fields are activated reciprocally and they will validated interrelated. adaptive database called upon couchain that data linking unlimited. all activated wallets the chain can undergo series states, but, must linked defined user. the change states will involve: existing state make validation possible auditable link the most recent transaction major chain trail these two work paths makes easy trace the underlying basis for state change, making possible avoid invalidate dummy fraudulent transactions. structured couchain, after transaction validation made sub-chain, the modified state rejoins the parent chain. the immediate effect the couchain innovation that for each new transaction, there must two hashes: the state link and the most recent transaction. the algorithm makes inherent that transaction only gets validated upon verification the most recent trail. the utility the couchain solution transactional validation opens the door for efficient management complex data demands. our technology will adaptable all applications that requires global, institutional, industrial, regulatory sovereign demands. this step forward efficient blockchain universe. re-joinable split-chains that thrive parallel work operationally, the algorithm that allows split-chains for transactional processing and rejoining the parent chain makes room for workload analyzers. this sense, each cluster that requires chain splitting will identified give room two secondary chains. required, these chains will re-split when higher than normal level transaction requests are received. chain normalization, all multiple split-chains will link back the parent chain and validated. the beauty this approach lies maintenance safety transaction records parallel processing continues. microservice structure and functional api couchain has functionality based serverless and microservices modelling. primed provide secured and advanced api functionalities that adapts both approaches tandem with best practices. while microservices has been used distinct approach times past, cutting-edge improvements have shown that can merged with functional api optimize system resource and outcomes. functional api vital for couchain processes traditional apis though effective, are quite resource-demanding. microservices api different world has built-in capacities that expedites autonomous roles fast, quick and nimble manner. the microservices approach the microservices approach that underlies couchain makes possible for the component operating segments self-existent. this detailed insomuch there are clear lines transactional responsibility. typical outline will involve: database distributed this sense) clarity transactional focus running process systems repository the functional api user interface the broad layout couchain coverage area makes dynamic accommodate expansion services the scale operations demand. there doubt that the design couchain microservices makes enough rom for fault tolerance and systemic isolation. the implication this provision captured the data sharding mode. couchain therefore optimized that the component parts are: easy understand adhere the defined smart contracts are guarded prevent database exposure without requisite credentials able isolate failed nodes until integrity confirmed capable deployment even minority nodes are non-functional shielded from system timeouts associated with microservices architecture with the sub-chain processing innovation. frontend view functional microservices api incorporating data sharding when data sharding occurs, does not disrupt the database the constituent nodes have records the entire chain part thereof. the mechanism work here stimulates the coordinator node prescribe the data partition readiness. this done make data distribution optimal the existing workload. based the tenets high availability, persistence and reliability cannot compromised even when cluster capacity shrinks. long available nodes remain active. the event cluster crash, the active nodes will redistribute the validated data structures. this will serve confront subsequent partial cluster crashes that might occur. couchain blockchain evidently displays the capacity for data sharding and optimized parallel work. this indication robust horizontal scalability, system resilience, inherent disaster recovery, increased security unappalled high availability, non-existent single point failure rollback (adjustable feature only request) our cutting-edge technology optimized for rollback transactions that are presently impossible with the frontline blockchains. this will allow for revision earlier state that does not call question the chain validation credibility. worthy highlight that failure rollback provisions one the loopholes the ethereum and other proof stake proof work protocols. the rollback feature only needs enabled for systems that require for applications and tokens that require it. number users existing blockchains have had cause lament over lack rollback features. millions usd worth tokens and coins are limbo date result this. couchain poised have the rollback activated request for clients who see need for such. while some blockchain processes not have need for rollback, those that dwell token transfers and transactions will find needful. user security anchored freezable wallets freezing wallet becomes necessary whenever there suspected activities that require intervening action. this provision made possible with the agile configuration put place. when activated, individual user environments will decide activation suits subsisting native prescriptions. biometric data seed for electronic signature existing research points the use biometric features for the preservation the identity sign-in integrity. the inevitable absence duplication possibilities using this electronic signature option makes attractive for couchain uses. there are two persons that have identical fingerprints neither the retina have similar metrics. whole world infallible credential still waits explored the biological front. the possible use retina scan, fingerprints and related data will evaluated the couchain team for possible biometric data integration. the use biometric data ios, android and related platforms for user safety will evaluated while considering the impact legal grounds. coherence transactional model couchain preferred mechanism will ensure that all transaction data get transmitted transactional model for coherence and data completeness. couchain design complies with all the requirements the acid paradigm, which acronyms allusion the logical properties undergirding all transactions. for any secure transactional model, the underlying technology has attuned to: atomicity, which states that transactions are indivisible execution and that completion required execution. allowance made for partial null executions. consistency, which highlights the need for database transit from valid state another. persistent data has align with pre-existing rules. isolation, which requires that execution respective transactions must treated isolation. this will also mean that transaction fails, must not interfere with the fate concurring transactions. durability, which aligns with persistence, and requires that after transaction initiated, the outcome cannot indeterminate for any reason whatsoever. other words, not even power interruption, system crash any other excuse permitted. blockchain interoperability couchain coins will run the erc interface, which will compatible with erc for the purpose external interface interoperability. erc/erc-driven native off-chain adaptors couchain committed the inward and outward flow tokens and coins its chain that originate from non-proprietary chains. erc/erc guest-enabled native off-chain adaptors couchain will support interfacing with tokes and coins unhindered flow for native off-chain adaptors support guests the course transactions. interoperability with other blockchains based reciprocal chain confirmation couchain's optimization will take into consideration the states competing blockchains make possible for exchange respective tokens. this will aim and ensure trust and validation. the reciprocity this mechanism ensures that the state validation couchain can shared with other blockchains the verification need arises. this will become operational via specific interface based serverless feature that takes into consideration container compilation, which points adapters accommodate other chains. seamless data flow when transaction initiated, has through procedure acceptance, requisite control, validation well the expected persistence. the procedure transaction can simplified follows: transaction relayed for processing with all the needed data provided and authenticated private key> the couchain client sends the details the transaction the coordination clusters led assigned node> the assigned node splits the verification that all nodes with proprietary lead can evaluate within the ambit designated protocol> the nodes will evaluate the transaction for data authenticity checking for signature, repeated hash, availability funds, blocked active wallets, user existence, requisite wallet states> what generated from user gets processed into volatile memory other data fields existential nature gets probed> transaction hash outcome process the end the processing stage transaction transmission the topic message queue assigned with defined protocol the due recipient defined. the worker nodes will receive the distributed messages parallel. the worker nodes will act the processing verifying data, evaluating associated conditions before proceeding create new wallet state. the process will include retrieving the processes hash previous related transactions order use them for transactional update. all these will made possible with the neural consensus algorithm place produce transaction hash. proven multi-chain networks bitcoin and ethereum are notorious for single chain structures with their remarkable limitation confining transactions just one chain. couchain recognizes the inhibition the pathway efficiency, and this the motivation for multi-chain structure enabled the neural consensus algorithm. side chains, parallel chains and multiple chains will enabled meet the respective needs entrepreneurs and businesses. couchain's preferred architecture the heterogeneous forest network that enables interoperability between the digital sphere and real-world situations. this paves the way for resources and assets defined couchain, stored, transferred and transformed meet emerging and present needs. couchain resourced for system efficiency two distinct ways: the first efficiency standpoint the autonomous sub-chains effect that makes possible provide resources requests arise parallel substantiate data streams across nodes and numerous threads. when the chain-split occurs, speeds ongoing transactions logical completion and terminates when the output added the parent chain. the technique work here allows for all blocks within the parent chain synchronize validating two distinct sub-chains using two separate incoming links. the second efficiency standpoint data sharding, which notable technique used for data distribution between multiple nodes. data series xyz with three cluster nodes, the data distribution will fan out as: the order this subdivision makes transactional higher processing speed soar, given that the originating data queries will optimize each step having impacted just the subchain nodes. couchain also thrives high availability, which makes possible rely efficient cluster type contingency when system shutdown renders some nodes inoperable. flowing from the earlier illustration, scenario, knocked out, and can leveraged support the blockchain and prevent denial service. the configuration operative long the number active nodes are the event shutdown that takes off multiple nodes, the undisturbed cluster will reorganize data autonomously till there complete reactivation all nodes. developer integrations for java and programming languages common use the functional libraries with high-end propensities for interfacing java spring, javascript and other programming languages common use couchain priority. while developing the capacity for integrations going effective, will based market needs coupled with client requirements. the testnets for couchain are unveiled, will make provisions for the programming languages that are highly used the developer marketplace. this will make possible for institutional, and enterprise-level adoption the couchain offering universal scale. already, apart from other considerations, widely sought-after tools like spring provided for feature our platform. spring has utility its use container for java. the prized features spring notably use java apps. couchain architecture takes into consideration the utility java and has also provisioned modules for its integration. java used for writing programs and creates applications various spheres life. even the less literate users would have made use java whenever one program the other downloaded the pc. this clarification explains why couchain' java provisioning all-important. for developers, javascript also plays huge role since basis for building many apps. using javascript alongside couchain made easy for integration purposes. developers will find couchain delight put use for integration purposes. our approach these aforementioned processes will allow for proprietary solutions integrate couchain into the official mainnet well private chains. immediate steps the blockchain the emergent platform that couchain will utilize for the launch its tokens. couchain erc token will released the community through airdrop campaign. our goal bring blockchain within the reach everyone across the globe. immediate step, couchain will launch via airdrop erc coin. believe the community has great role play the evolution couchain. please feel free send your ideas across the project. explore the views all stakeholders, can build the couchain blockchain walk-through couchain couchain effectively summarized the following highlights: neural consensus algorithm (e-differential agreement) pos (proof stake), dpos, and pow substituted eda (e-differential agreement: essentially ordering blocks based continuous voting next generation wallet fool-proof secure wallets accessible biometric inputs. transaction rollback optional feature activated based client request divisible chains chain severability optimizes available resources. off-chain and on-chain computing sharing optimizes off-chain nodes reduce on-chain clogging greenhouse friendly supports energy conservation avoiding repetitive processes that are fossil-energy intensive references proof work: https://blockgeeks.com/guides/proof-of-work-vs-proof-of-stake/ hard forks: https://www.techopedia.com/definition//hard-fork scalability: https://www.investopedia.com/terms/s/scalability.asp proof stake: https://bytemaster.github.io/bitshares////delegated-proof-of-stake-vsproof-of-work/ agile approach: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/vsts/work/work-items/guidance/agile-process?view=vsts neural consensus algorithm: https://medium.com/@lisa_ai/seeles-neural-consensus-algorithm-the-basics-afa using tools: http://docs.oraclize.it/#authenticity-proofs microservices api: https://www.ibm.com/developerworks/websphere/library/techaarticles/_clarktrs/_clark.html single point failure: https://www.ibm.com/support/knowledgecenter/en/ssltbw_../com.ibm.zos.vr.ieaf/single.htm are limbo: https://techcrunch.com////parity-ceo-says-shes-confident-that-its-m-in-frozen-ethereum-isnt-lost-forever/ finger prints, pmc/ related data: https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/ transactional model: https://www.slideshare.net/renelynmechacaespino/transactional-model-of-communacation acid: https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/acid-properties-in-dbms/ .erc:https://medium.com/blockchannel/the-anatomy-of-erc-cecffd topic message queue: sage-queue-topic-description http://knowledgelayer.softlayer.com/articles/mes- transaction hash: https://support.freewallet.org/support/solutions/articles/-what-is-transaction-hash-and-how-to-find-it: data sharding: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/architecture/patterns/ sharding high availability: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/sql/sql-server/failover-clusters/high-availability-solutions-sql-server spring: https://spring.io/ mainnet: https://www.ethnews.com/glossary/mainnet