cryptocurrency trading platform offering the most complete infrastructure for investors and traders this document not offer securities collective investment scheme. contributors are advised read this document carefully full and perform due diligence their own. please read terms and conditions before making any investment decision. covesting led world-class team with backgrounds trading, investment banking, blockchain, ai, data, and fintech (saxo bank, seb bank, morgan, zurich insurance and others) with accumulated trading experience over years. legal considerations, risks and disclaimer important notice: please read the entirety the "legal considerations, risks and disclaimer" section carefully. recommend you consult legal, financial, tax other professional advisor(s) experts for further guidance prior participating the covesting limited token sale outlined this white paper. please note that this summary the legal considerations, risks and disclaimers document which can found https://covesting.io/summary_legal_disclaimer.pdf and which you must read full: (i) making use this white paper and any and all information available the website(s) covesting limited (the "company") and/or (ii) participating the company's token sale outlined this white paper (the "token sale"). any undefined capitalised terms below shall have the meaning set out the "legal considerations, risks and disclaimer" section. this summary should not relied place reading the "legal considerations, risks and disclaimer" section full. the "legal considerations, risks and disclaimer" section the full version which can found https://covesting.io/legal_disclaimer.pdf applies this white paper and any and all information available the website. the contents the "legal considerations, risks and disclaimer" section outlines the terms and conditions applicable you connection with (i) your use this white paper and any and all information available the website; and/or (ii) your participation the token sale, each case addition any other terms and conditions that may publish from time time relating this white paper, the website and the token sale (such terms hereinafter referred the "terms"). the information set forth the "legal considerations, risks and disclaimer" section may not exhaustive and does not imply any elements contractual relationship. while make every reasonable effort ensure that all information: (i) this white paper; and (ii) available the website (all the information the white paper and all information available the website hereinafter referred the "available information") accurate and date, such material way constitutes professional advice. the company does not recommend purchasing tokens for speculative investment purposes. tokens not entitle you any equity, governance, voting similar right entitlement the company any its affiliated companies. tokens are sold digital assets, similar downloadable software, digital music and the like. the company does not recommend that you purchase tokens unless you have prior experience with cryptographic tokens, blockchain-based software and distributed ledger technology and unless you have taken independent professional advice. citizens, nationals, residents (tax otherwise) and/or green card holders each of: (i) the united states america; (ii) singapore; (iii) south korea; (iv) the people's republic china; (v) any other jurisdiction which prohibits the possession, dissemination communication the available information and/or prohibits participation the token sale the purchase tokens any such similar activity any other restricted persons are not permitted participate the token sale. event shall the company any current former company representatives liable for the excluded liability matters. the company does not make purport make, and hereby disclaims, any representation, warranty undertaking any form whatsoever any entity person, including any representation, warranty undertaking relation the truth, accuracy and completeness any the information set out the available information. you should carefully consider and evaluate each the risk factors and all other information contained the terms before deciding participate the token sale. executive summary the future cryptocurrency investing over the past few years, cryptocurrencies proved the fastest growing asset class and offered phenomenal rewards for those who decided invest. long term investors, well day traders, benefit from the unique opportunities offered the most promising market have ever seen. however, investments into cryptocurrencies require time, specific knowledge, analytical skills, well professional tools successful. the difficulty the main reason why most people simply miss tremendous opportunities offered booming market. this was the case until the covesting was introduced. covesting covesting not collective investment scheme. rather platform for investors and cryptocurrency traders who are looking utilize the most advanced trading tools and technology, well the combined wisdom the community order achieve maximum returns cryptocurrency markets. its infancy, covesting has experienced rapid changes and conceptual upgrades from the moment when the first idea peer--peer digital asset platform was disclosed the founder, former saxo bank trader, dmitrij pruglo. technological discoveries, well ambitious scalability opportunities have arisen which brought covesting completely new level. way it's unique platform which operates differently existing traditional investment structures, like funds, covesting about disrupt investment management industry and become one the leading players the cryptocurrency market introducing the most complete infrastructure for investors and traders which includes: covesting peer--peer asset platform the essence and core the covesting infrastructure. implements successful peer--peer business model and disrupts the traditional investment management industry. investors can easily browse through hundreds trading models (strategies), provided professional cryptocurrency traders and effect "follow" the ones matching their goals. all members can get clear picture current and past performances each trading model. following, the platform does not allocate monies anyone but rather implement the person own decision whereby the platform automatically replicates all trading activity chosen model directly into investors' accounts covesting, providing unique peer--peer experience along with the safety funds. "it's like thousand traders all working for you!" crypto intelligence portal the most complete educational resource and knowledge base built traders for traders; featuring latest market news, unique content created leading crypto experts aimed educating the community, sharing trading ideas and discussing latest market developments. will include crypto trading explaining the essentials cryptocurrency investing, well video tutorials help new investors. for experienced traders, advanced trading tutorials, strategies, and technical analysis from industry professionals will included. the crypto intelligence portal will become the largest, community-oriented and continuously growing knowledge resource for investors, well one-stop place receive the latest information from top crypto-related media outlets, live quotes, charts and latest analysis everything that you may need become successful cryptocurrency trading. "we are basically creating bloomberg for the crypto-market, plus education, plus community" liquidity aggregation algorithmic trading- aim establish direct api bridging with cryptocurrency exchanges from all over the world. aggregating liquidity from top cryptocurrency exchanges, covesting allows all users benefit from trades executing the best possible rates. such offerings, previously available only for institutional clients, provides internal liquidity with significantly reduced pricing all trading activities occurring the covesting platform. aggregated liquidity offers unlimited opportunities for further expansion: market making and deal matching options/binary options market making algorithmic trading strategies (arbitrage, hft trading.) the covesting trading terminal advanced trading platform, adapted the needs traders using various strategies ranging from day trading and spread trading, long term investments. experience brought from one the leading investment banks saxo bank, the covesting team has unique knowledge how the ultimate trading solution should operate. aggregated liquidity offers covesting members access top crypto-exchanges and trade all possible coins from one single account. the trading terminal creates unique opportunities for its users, offering aggregated level order book from combined quotes multiple vendors and provides essential features such as: advanced charting software aggregated market depth with combined liquidity from top exchanges user friendly interface with advanced functionality advanced trading tools and algorithms such vwap and iceberg orders customer support/live chat summary backed strong team industry professionals, covesting clear path become ultimate solution for investors and cryptocurrency traders. will cover every aspect related cryptocurrency trading, from education, market overview and trading ideas the unique concept asset trading, liquidity aggregation and ultimately the most advanced trading station ever. ico overview start date november gmt end date december, gmt token name cov minimum contribution eth price cov token varies based amount collected total limit cov tokens cov further token issuance tokens issued after the ico hard cap eth intro market analysis with the enormous development the blockchain technology, new opportunities are arising the field investing. crypto markets are borderless, open and offer huge potential for growth. rapidly growing number initial coin offerings (ico) has led more than new cryptocurrencies being created and traded daily basis, leading high returns for many investors. order fully realize market potential, here the market capitalization the top technology based companies listed the nasdaq and nyse, compared the market capitalization cryptocurrencies: alphabet usd total crypto market usd microsoft usd bitcoin usd facebook usd ethereum usd alibaba group usd ripple usd the combined market capitalization all cryptocurrencies together currently only around usd, which leaves lots room expand. the overall cryptocurrency transaction volume has grown significantly the past few years for the speculative purposes gaining capital profit supporting projects that are built decentralized platforms. market cap vol combined market capitalization all cryptocurrencies. coinmarketcap there cryptocurrency the world today that being used for the reason was made for more than being used investors trading it. even bitcoin, ethereum and ripple have more transactions centred around trading and investing than they the actual use case the project currency. during the first half transactions surpassed the usd mark, despite "financial experts" once deeming blockchain and cryptocurrency "niche market". this increase transaction volume mainly driven bitcoin and ethereum. bitcoin and ethereum are both inching closer creating scalable ecosystem, interesting things are bound happen the future. according juniper research, total cryptocurrency transaction value may surpass trillion usd triple digit growth, amazing risk-reward ratios, and promising global perspectives are only few reasons why cryptocurrencies shouldn't overlooked any investor willing diversify their portfolio and profit from opportunities offered booming market. investor opportunities after someone decides they may ready invest digital assets, there sticking point: cryptocurrency trading takes place multiple exchanges, all which have different rules and regulations, and often require lengthy verification process. most potential investors are lost this stage. another problem volatility, which can negatively affect the overall trading result any inexperienced private investor. the learning curve for investing crypto assets extremely steep and experienced digital asset traders are the best position fully benefit from arising opportunities offered the blockchain revolution. investors may evaluate options trusting money private crypto trader fund, order gain profit newly established markets. such decisions can very risky due lack regulations and the high possibility fraud. only several digital asset funds have gained the reputation necessary for backing, while private crypto traders and newly established funds tend look for investors online forums, social networks amongst their friends. takes many years effort build trust and reputation order attract proper funding. result, many successful traders and digital asset traders are being overlooked and end having access investors capital, limiting their opportunities and narrowing earnings potential. professional digital asset managers funds could smart solution for anyone, willing get exposure the cryptocurrency market. but how will retail investors find and choose the most suitable cryptocurrency fund? how will they guarantee the security their investment? the declared performance chosen asset trader trustworthy? trader problems problems with traditional asset management problems that digital asset traders must deal with are equally challenging. launching personal fund requires technical knowledge, programming skills, legal paperwork well marketing costs and other expenses. the traditional asset management industry has been plagued with multiple issues including scams and corruptions since its inception. unethical and illegal manipulations asset managers with large sum money their disposal, ponzi schemes, and sweeping techniques are some the common allegations faced the industry. the industry has developed deep-rooted problems including mutual mistrust, unethical practices, scamming, and below-the-surface deals. trusting even professional asset managers traditional markets can sometimes lead problematic results. stories asset managers making certain trades just increase their commission and drive the fees their investors are just the beginning when comes the level dishonest activity when comes investing other's money. every year, thousands licensed traders are found guilty insider trading, fraud, scamming hard-working investors. digital asset platform the covesting platform the ultimate venue where successful digital asset traders meet new investors, transparent, safe and efficient peer--peer investment environment. investors from around the world can compare the performance hundreds successful cryptocurrency traders and mirror their trades automatically their account. while traders benefit from success fees generated profitable trading investors enjoy peace mind knowing that their funds are following model industry professional the comfort their own account. pairing the peer--peer business model and the cryptocurrency investment industry, covesting offers fantastic opportunity utilize the wisdom experienced traders order achieve positive trading results securely. peer--peer definition peer-to-peer, pp, service itself decentralized platform whereby two individuals interact directly with each other, without intermediation thirdparty, without the use business selling product service. the buyer and the seller transact directly with each other via the service. some popular examples services are: open-source software anybody can view and/ modify code for the software bittorrent popular anonymous file-sharing platform where uploaders and downloaders meet swap media and software files. air bnb allows property owners lease all part their property short-term renters. uber platform for car owners offer transportation services others ebay marketplace for private sellers goods find interested buyers. etsy enables producers crafts and other homemade goods sell their items directly the public for investors the covesting platform allows everyday investors search and compare the performance hundreds proven cryptocurrency traders and replicate their trading activity automatically. after investor decides follow the most suitable strategy the system will automatically synchronize all trading activity from the chosen investing model into their segregated account covesting, providing the convenience peer-peer asset trading along with the safety funds. each investor can diversify their investments following different models (traders) the same time. such diversification allows investors uniquely positioned record gains across multiple crypto trading strategies and protect themselves against massive losses any single cryptocurrency. more importantly, investors are total control they can start finish the following whenever they want. investors. all participants can choose publish their real names remain anonymous using screen-name alias. for traders profit distribution the covesting platform helps investing talents bring their trading results front the public and compete with other traders unbiased environment. with the covesting platform, every trader can act digital asset trader and grow their revenue earning success fees. the more successful they are, the more followers they will acquire and the more money they'll make from profitable trading. model traders are rewarded with success fees from all profits generated their followers, the platform commission while investors receive the remaining income, which available for immediate withdrawal reinvesting. platform commissions will later used for systematic buyback and burn programs. trading models can easily created linking existing trading account external cryptocurrency exchange through api. from this moment, all trading activity will recorded the model and the trader doesn't need anything else just continue trading the comfort his personal account. later, the trader will able decide whether wants "list" his model the covesting platform and make visible for investors instantly keep private for while build solid track record first. the covesting platform will provide such opportunities cryptocurrency traders: setup trading model and start performance tracking from day one describe the trading strategy, expected volatility and returns enable investors follow your trading model through your performance earn success fees all profits made modelfollowing accounts build solid track record acquire more followers earn reputation and get reviews from previous and existing investors interact safe environment, make new contacts, and grow professionally trader keep blog, post news, trading ideas and market analysis for security reasons, model traders will never know the amount capital which currently following their strategy, only the number synergy with the features described above, the covesting platform creates synergized marketplace that brings investors, and professional cryptocurrency traders together. all parties benefit from the covesting platform: cryptocurrency traders get visibility new audiences and sources additional income, while investors get broad range trading strategies they may follow with the ability analyze historical performance order make the right decision. our goal create easyto-use platform with win-win solution for both investors and professional traders covesting four simple steps join. register covesting filling simple form. find top traders. compare the performance hundreds successful model traders and find the one many matching your goals. follow. once you found the strategy strategies you wish follow, simply click "follow". you will asked specify the percentage the funds you want allocate the model. the amounts for the replicated trades will calculated proportionally. monitor and control. you can now sit back and watch professional traders the job for you. all trades from now will replicated automatically. most importantly you are control. you can manage your portfolio following new strategies stop copying trader any time. platform specifications covesting aim develop easy use, secure and efficient solution for both investors and traders. covesting will deliver the most user-friendly, yet advanced peer--peer digital asset platform. below, provide concept specifications the platform well brief explanation the core features. registration all users must registered the platform carry out any activities. registration standard process through email, through facebook, google, and twitter. covesting account and wallet all users the platform will have their own unique wallet created automatically. after registration with covesting platform, each user shall have btc, eth and other addresses their wallet. depositing any these coins, possible make internal exchanges from one currency another. however, only cov token can used for following trading strategy. entry fee there entry fee that applies every time user deposits funds his account. this commission accrues the cov asset contract increasing the value backing cov tokens. model traders model trader user who created trading model (strategy) covesting platform. from that moment, tracking all trading activity starts and the model becomes available for following. investors the investor user who following chosen model order benefit from the profitable trading model trader. each investor can follow different trading strategies. marketplace the platform allows users search, rank, filter and compare all the available trading models. following model when investor finds suitable strategy and starts following all trading actions model will replicated their personal covesting account with proportional amount funds, predefined the investor. segregated accounts provide security and peace mind all investors offer secure personal accounts for each user within the covesting platform. none the funds directly model trader, which avoids trust and security issues. unfollowing the model the point when investor unfollows trading model funds are immediately returned their wallet minus success fees and commission case any profit they earned. each user can stop following trading model whenever they like. the only occasion when following stops automatically when model trader decides terminate it. funds would then returned all the followers the terminated model. profit sharing case trading model resulted profits for the investor-follower, income distribution will look like this: success fee all profits will transferred the model trader's wallet platform commission all profits and will automatically credited cov asset contract the remaining shall credited the investors wallet along with the initial investment. anonymous mode all users covesting platform can choose publish their real names remain anonymous using screen-name alias. however, believe that providing real names can beneficial, especially for successful model traders. users privacy personal user data available other users moderators working the platform. this list includes but not limited to: emails, wallet ids, funds available users, well direct links accounts social networks, even they are specified the user's form. all users can remain completely anonymous. speed execution the initial launch, will offer only manuallytraded models. soon our api becomes "bullet-proof" tested shall launch algorithmtrading strategies well. implementing smart contracts and technology, will automate the digital asset trading processes, bypass trust and insecurity issues while making investments transparent, simple and secure they are supposed be. architecture the covesting digital asset platform infrastructure includes four main elements: the investors account section, which provides multi-currency wallets, portfolio overview and statistics. the marketplace trading models, where each investor can search and compare all the strategies provided model traders. from here, investors select the most suitable trading models and can start following. traders dashboard, which allows traders create trading model (strategy) available for following. includes trading strategy description well detailed information about top holdings. also tracks performance day, month and year, and features snapshot trading statistics. the dashboard represents detailed trading history and allows you export various reports. the covesting trading accounts section used for replicating trading activity from the models. covesting will use api connections, smart contracts, and aggregated liquidity execute and mirror trades, distribute requested funds and provide detailed performance data users. the marketplace trading models traders dashboard investor asset trader account covesting barren waffet fund account covesting wallet btc eth cov -portfolio -statistics -control panel our fund one the best the industry. provide amazing returns well capital growth barren waffet fund and other our fund one the best the industry. provide amazing returns well capital growth barren waffet fund existing (cov) purchase with eth btc strategy builder model setup listing marketplace our fund one the best the industry. provide amazing returns well capital growth tradingmodel: altcoin growth strategy covesting token entry following started with predifined amount cov asset contract -accrues all fees -backs cov token value -rewards token holders replicating all trading activity investors personal account covesting from profits platform commission initial investment investor from profits following stopped profit success fee trader architecture covesting peer--peer asset platform wallet btc eth cov crypto intelligence covesting, aim produce one-stop solution for cryptocurrency traders and investors. since the infrastructure covesting being built investment industry professionals importance timely market data has not been overlooked. apart from one kind peer--peer digital asset platform, aim introduce the largest resource for education, news, trade ideas and market analysis about the cryptocurrency market. call crypto intelligence. covesting strongly believes the importance education when comes cryptocurrency. there lot learn when comes the technology, and changes pace that many cannot keep with. believe partly our responsibility educate our users, are offering them vehicle invest their hardearned money. while investing cryptocurrency always risky endeavour, there are certainly plenty rewards gained well, and that's why believe offering large portal for our users grow their knowledge the cryptoindustry very important. seek share the knowledge and best practices with our community. leading cryptoexperts, researchers and traders will contribute the crypto intelligence hub, giving covesting unique ever-growing knowledge base, suitable for both beginners well professional traders. the crypto intelligence portal will essentially include: integrated news feed from multiple resources blog posts and articles from reputable cryptocurrency traders and analysts trade ideas with technical analysis and strategies from professional traders crypto academy, which offers education, and video tutorials explaining the about cryptocurrency and trading the most complete glossary for crypto terminology link library, the most comprehensive collection important cryptocurrency links and resources community, where investors and traders can interact and discuss the latest market developments and trading ideas ultimately, the crypto intelligence portal will become "bloomberg" for crypto with education and community-built knowledge base. the one-stop venue for everything that cryptotraders need order build their knowledge and stay informed. liquidity aggregation liquidity defined the ability execute trade quickly and desirable price. for such markets equity liquidity not problem anymore. however, for the newly established cryptocurrency market still remains major issue. liquidity aggregation provides unique benefits such as: having all cryptocurrencies available one platform (no longer need open bitfinex binance bittrex account because there are some crypto-assets trading one these exchanges but not listed the other). always the best prices for execution since the aggregator will pick the best asset price from multiple exchanges and execute accordingly. combined liquidity offers less slippage, thinner spreads and ability execute larger trades once. improved latency and reduced execution costs quotes from multiple exchanges provide the ability develop algorithmic trading strategies such cross-exchange arbitrage, and hft trading, allowing investors follow such algorithmic strategies. aggregating liquidity from the leading exchanges covesting creates huge opportunity for market making, hedging and offering aggregated order book from combined quotes multiple exchanges. there currently centralized exchange and cryptocurrency market development still its infancy- there are huge inefficiencies which provide ample opportunities for arbitrage and hft. such liquidity provides great opportunities establish new products such vanilla options binary options well other derivatives the future. covesting trading terminal the trading terminal natural addition the complete covesting infrastructure. having aggregated liquidity and strong educated community, becomes necessity introduce trading terminal adapted for both experienced crypto-traders and beginners. currently, there fully-functional platform offering aggregated liquidity for retail investors, allowing them execute trades based quotes from multiple exchanges. also, there are very little advanced trading tools offered, such algorithmic bots, vwap, iceberg and direct level trading. with the covesting trading terminal each trader can: trade the widest selection cryptocurrencies access quotes from top exchanges through single account (combined market depth) benefit from quick and responsive execution, tight spreads and deep order book access all necessary information about crypto access the most advanced charting software access market sentiment, data and analysis similar cot futures earn success fees apart from trading profits allowing investors copy trades, through the asset platform. build full-scale trading career within one single platform generate detailed financial reports which will aligned with regulations covesting trading token the covesting token erc token and smart contract system built the ethereum blockchain, and designed used members within the covesting platform. following this standard, covesting tokens are easily transferable between users and platforms using erc-compatible wallets and can smoothly integrated into exchanges. cov emission maximum covesting tokens will generated, including conduct preico, and conduct full ico. another will shared between the founders the covesting platform and locked smart contract for months, while the rest will generated for advisory, bounty and pools. public contributors covesting team pre-contributors pr, bounty advisors cov token growth members buy cov tokens utility order follow one several trading models, provided the cryptocurrency traders the platform. the case when model following resulted profit investor will get initial amount allocated plus all profit converted into cov, value his holdings cov will increase. demand for cov correlates with the copy-trading volume the covesting platform. the more investors and traders the platform, the higher the value cov token rises. the acquisition large number participants the covesting platform (investors and model traders) the basis for the growth the covesting token. the initial launch the covesting platform, will aim onboard dozens professional traders, even early users the platform would have the ability choose between many suitable trading strategies. the platform grows, new traders will register their models and variety strategies will drive diversification, and create healthy competition among all model traders. successful mirror-trading the platform will achieve many positive outcomes: investors will make profit, model traders will rewarded with success fees well reputation points, positive reviews, and higher rankings. successful trading will attract more investors the ecosystem and positively influence the reputation the covesting platform and the price the cov token. financials besides natural demand for cov, there are two types commission the covesting platform used back cov value and reward cov token holders: entry commission charged every time investor deposits funds their account, which allows them start following trading models. platform commission all profits realized copy trading. these fees will automatically accrue the cov asset contract and will used for systematic buyback and burn programs the future. covesting intends add additional recurring revenue streams within the next months, including liquidity distribution institutional clients, commissions occurring from the covesting trading terminal, binary options sale, and market making. asset contract the cov asset contract essential part how the value will created for cov token holders. with all commissions from the combined infrastructure covesting accrued the asset contract, creates sufficient pool funds support the consistent growth value cov tokens. soon the covesting platform starts performing aim distribute part the accrued commissions the cov asset contract towards buy-back and burn mechanism. rewarding token holders aim allocate least all platform earnings systematic buyback and burn programs. this form repayment program sets best practices for the cov token economy, and simultaneously serves the best interest covesing token holders. technically speaking, will systematically buy cov tokens exchanges and "burn" them. "burning" means that purchased tokens will taken off the market, with the consequence that the total supply cov tokens will decrease. this should effectively improve the value cov over time. will continuously monitor the regulatory environment closely and possibly introduce alternative methods value distribution according market guidelines. ico ico details the public ico will held the covesting.io website starting november th. covesting aims accept eth from our initial token contributors. the cov smart total cov sold contract will stop accepting commitments when the hard cap has been reached. below table representing each cov price increase depending total amount cov tokens sold during ico. cov per eth rate discount [stage] cov eth cov [stage cov eth cov [stage ].m cov eth cov [stage ].m cov eth cov [stage ].m cov eth cov [stage ].m cov eth cov total: cov use funds all proceeds from the token sale will fund the product launch, continued platform development, and user acquisition: r&d. development team with approximately engineers. platform development, new features, data-testing for hft operations, mobile app development etc. marketing expenses, and customer acquisition, presentations and region-specific roadshows. digital currency trading exhibitions participations etc. there are natural network effects built into the product around the asset trading model, which will lower the average customer acquisition cost (cac) substantially. initial capex. substantial costs largely associated with api integration from multiple partners-exchanges. costs necessary licensing. latency optimization. operational spends, employees (excl. developers), office etc. legal, compliance fees exchange listing covesting actively working list cov tokens the leading crypto exchanges. cov will become traded crypto exchanges shortly after the ico. legal july, the securities and exchange commission issued ruling that some the "coins" offered during recent icos are actually securities, and thereby are subject the agency's regulations. offering dividends and profit-sharing such companies failed the howey test, created the supreme court for determining whether certain transactions qualify "investment contracts." the howey test consists the following: investment money assets? the investment money assets common enterprise? there expectation profits from the investment? does any profit come from the efforts promoter third party? unlike other tokens, cov cov utility token and its purpose facilitate services (copytrading) the covesting platform. cov not backed real assets (such real estate) and doesn't grant their holders any dividends. tim draper mentioned his open letter: "if the purpose token for societal transformation, and all proceeds the support and development the token, need not register." road map continuously adding features, building strong community and aggregating data, covesting about become leading blockchain based peer--peer asset trading platform for cryptocurrencies. concept design research april analysis traditional copytrading platforms for stocks and foreign exchange. features testing. demand research. growth projections. may team formation. first steps development architecture the covesting platform. july held meet-up with private crypto currency traders and investors. clearly visible demand for asset platform with mirror-trading functionality. september landing page and white paper disclosed. october pre-ico begins for limited number contributors. the proceeds used for adding new development team members. ceo and coo travel gibraltar setup covesting company and acquire necessary licensing november prototype version the platform released. crypto intelligence portal open for community november public ico begins december further front-end and backend development. api testing. test mirrortrades executed. latency test. liquidity aggregator setup. new features integration. january exchange listing cov token. march beta version launch. may platform improvements. mobile app development. july final (production) beta version covesting cryptocurrency trading platform. july dlt license september official platform release and beyond covesting platform has over active users and usd+ combined aum. algorithmic trading and arbitrage bots are now available the platform. new features continuously added. user acquisition globally. team name dmitrij pruglo and i'm founder and ideologist the covesting project. have been working the financial sector for years and held trading-related positions seb bank and saxo bank. have been involved stocks, derivatives and trading since during this time, executed trades using various webplatforms, trading software and algorithms. being expert the online trading industry, can surely state that digital asset trading services will shortly become "must-have" option for any diversified investor. have assembled team with solid financial markets background, which motivated make the world digital currency investments better. together, will create magnificent platform, which will help many investors and traders find each other and mutually benefit from everything that the covesting platform has offer. conclusion are already development mode, and november will release mvp version the platform where anyone can familiarize themselves with the interface and features. are active communication with cryptocurrency funds and private traders order form initial pool professional model traders. have solid marketing strategy which will ensure successful launch the platform know exactly what needed for both investors and traders. will create synergy and mutually beneficial investment environment. provide simple logic behind the value creation for the cov token. it's easy understand and evaluate its future growth. unlike many ico campaigns, are not just creating another useless cryptocurrency already crowded market. provide the ability become member the successful platform and benefit from the token price growth. have excellent, competitive team creating revolutionary product and will cope with any difficulties down the road. disclaimer this document for information purposes only and not offer call sell stocks securities. cov tokens are not securities user acknowledges, understands, and agrees that cov tokens are not securities and are not registered with any government entity security, and shall not considered such. absence guarantees income profit there guarantee that cov tokens will grow value. there are guarantees that the price cov coins will not decrease, including significantly, due some unforeseen events, events over which the developers have control, because force majeure circumstances. risks associated with ethereum cov tokens will issued the ethereum blockchain. therefore, any failure malfunctioning the ethereum protocol may lead the trading network cov tokens not working expected. regulatory uncertainty blockchain technologies are subject supervision and control various regulatory bodies around the world. cov tokens may fall under one more requests actions their part, including but not limited restrictions imposed the use possession digital tokens such cov coins, which may slow limit the functionality repurchase cov tokens the future. risks using new technologies cov tokens are new and relatively untested technology. addition the risks mentioned this document, there are certain additional risks that the team the covesting cannot foresee. these risks may manifest themselves other forms risk than those specified herein. legal considerations, risks and disclaimer important notice: please read the entirety this "legal considerations, risks and disclaimer" section carefully. recommend you consult legal, financial, tax other professional advisor(s) experts for further guidance prior participating the covesting limited token sale outlined this white paper. you must read the following "legal considerations, risks and disclaimer" section before: (i) making use this white paper and any and all information available the website(s) covesting limited (the "company") located www.covesting.io/ (the "website"); and/or (ii) participating the company's token sale outlined this white paper (the "token sale"). this "legal considerations, risks and disclaimer" section applies this white paper and any and all information available the website. the contents this "legal considerations, risks and disclaimer" section outlines the terms and conditions applicable you connection with (i) your use this white paper and any and all information available the website; and/or (ii) your participation the token sale, each case addition any other terms and conditions that may publish from time time relating this white paper, the website and the token sale (such terms hereinafter referred the "terms"). this "legal considerations, risks and disclaimer" section may updated from time time and will published part the latest version the white paper which shall available the website. you shall obliged check the latest available version the white paper prior participating the token sale. the information set forth this "legal considerations, risks and disclaimer" section may not exhaustive and does not imply any elements contractual relationship. while make every reasonable effort ensure that all information: (i) this white paper; and (ii) available the website (all the information the white paper and all information available the website hereinafter referred the "available information") accurate and date, such material way constitutes professional advice. the company neither guarantees nor accepts responsibility for the accuracy, reliability, current state (as this white paper) completeness the available information. individuals intending participate the token sale should seek independent professional advice prior acting any the available information. legal considertions the company has approached the token sale responsible and sensible manner. given the uncertain and largely unregulated status distributed ledger technologies, businesses and activities well cryptocurrencies and cryptocurrency-related businesses and activities, the company has spent significant amount time and resources consider its business approach and where proposes operate now and the future. the company has worked with hassans international law firm, gibraltar's leading law firm. the gibraltar financial services commission has october published draft the principled-based regulations which relate the use distributed ledger technology for storing and transmitting value belonging others, and which regulations come into effect january the company will look comply with all gibraltar regulations and regulations other jurisdictions that required to. however, due the current uncertain state regulation across the world, the company cannot guarantee the legality the company's business platform and/or its ability develop, structure and licence any future token functionality every jurisdiction but the company will strive responsive and compliant the face any regulatory inquiry. the tokens are functional utility tokens designed for the company's business platform. the tokens are not securities. the event that you purchase tokens, your purchase cannot refunded exchanged. the company does not recommend purchasing tokens for speculative investment purposes. tokens not entitle you any equity, governance, voting similar right entitlement the company any its affiliated companies. tokens are sold digital assets, similar downloadable software, digital music and the like. the company does not recommend that you purchase tokens unless you have prior experience with cryptographic tokens, blockchain-based software and distributed ledger technology and unless you have taken independent professional advice. for the convenience our customers and those our affiliated companies already using the company's business platform, the available information will available number languages. the event any conflict between the english version the available information and any foreign language version, the english language version will prevail. regional restrictions citizens, nationals, residents (tax otherwise) and/or green card holders each of: (i) the united states america; (ii) singapore; (iii) south korea; (iv) the people's republic china; (v) any other jurisdiction which prohibits the possession, dissemination communication the available information and/or prohibits participation the token sale the purchase tokens any such similar activity (collectively the "restricted jurisdictions") any other restricted persons are not permitted participate the token sale. the term "restricted persons" refers any firm, company, partnership, trust, corporation, entity, government, state agency state any other incorporated unincorporated body association, association partnership (whether not having separate legal personality) that established and/or lawfully existing under the laws restricted jurisdiction (including the case united states america, under the federal laws the united states america under the laws any its states). the company's cov tokens described this white paper (the "tokens") are not intended constitute, and shall not constitute, securities any jurisdiction. this white paper does not constitute prospectus offer document any sort and the available information not intended constitute offer securities solicitation for investment securities any jurisdiction. the company does not provide any opinion any advice purchase, sell, otherwise transact with tokens and the presentation, publication communication all any part the available information shall not form the basis of, relied upon connection with, any contract investment decision. advice part the available information should considered business, legal, financial tax advice regarding the company, the tokens, the token sale any the matters which all any part the available information relates. you should consult your own legal, financial, tax other professional advisor regarding the available information. you should aware that you may required bear the financial risk any purchase tokens for indefinite period time. limitation liability event shall the company any current former employees, officers, directors, partners, trustees, representative, agents, advisors, contractors, volunteers the company (hereinafter the "company representatives") liable for: any loss profits, lost savings incidental, indirect, special consequential damages, arising out your use inability use the services products tokens offered the company the breach any these terms you any third party; any security risk such hacker attacks, loss password, loss private key, similar; mistakes errors code, text, images involved the token sale any the available information; any information contained the available information any expectation promise representation warranty arising (or purportedly arising) therefrom; any losses resulting from the volatility pricing tokens any countries and any exchange market (regulated, unregulated, primary, secondary otherwise); any losses damages arising out connection with the purchase, use, sale otherwise the tokens; arising out any way connected your failure properly secure any private key wallet containing tokens, released and discharged pursuant this paragraph these terms, otherwise attempt pursue any such claim against the company any company representative then you hereby irrevocably and unconditionally undertake indemnify, and keep indemnified the company and all company representatives fully demand from and against: (a) all liabilities losses suffered the company any company representative; and (b) all reasonable costs, charges and reasonable expenses (including without limitation reasonable legal costs and expenses) reasonably and properly incurred the company any company representative, each case reason connection with the bringing commencement such action pursuit such claim you. (collectively, the "excluded liability matters"). any provision part-provision this "legal considerations, risks and disclaimer" section becomes invalid, illegal unenforceable, shall deemed modified the minimum extent necessary make valid, legal and enforceable. such modification not possible, the relevant provision part-provision shall deemed deleted. any modification deletion provision part-provision under this "legal considerations, risks and disclaimer" section shall not affect the validity and enforceability the rest this "legal considerations, risks and disclaimer" section. the available information (including the website and the white paper) and the tokens are provided "as is" basis and without any warranties any kind, either expressed implied. you assume all responsibility and risk with respect your use the available information and purchasing any amount tokens and their use. applicable law does not allow all any part the above limitation liability apply you, the limitations will apply you only the maximum extent permitted applicable law. the maximum extent permitted applicable law, you hereby irrevocably and unconditionally waive: (i) all and any claims (whether actual contingent and whether employee, office holder, trustee any other capacity whatsoever howsoever arising) including, without limitation, claims for relating the excluded liability matters, any payment repayment monies, indemnity otherwise that you may have against the company against any the company representatives; and (ii) release and discharge the company and all the company representatives from any and all liability (of whatsoever nature howsoever arising) they may have you. for any reason you hereafter bring commence any action legal proceeding respect any claim purported representation warranties the company does not make purport make, and hereby disclaims, any representation, warranty undertaking any form whatsoever any entity person, including any representation, warranty undertaking relation the truth, accuracy and completeness any the information set out the available information. representation warranties you howsoever accessing and/or accepting possession communication all any part the available information, you represent and warrant (and shall deemed represent and warrant) the company the date such access the latest date which you retain possession all any part the available information follows: you are over (eighteen) years age; you agree and acknowledge that the tokens not constitute securities any form any jurisdiction; you agree and acknowledge that the available information (including the white paper and the website) does not constitute prospectus offer document any sort and not intended constitute offer securities any jurisdiction solicitation for investment securities and you are not bound enter into any contract binding legal commitment and cryptocurrency other form payment accepted the basis the available information; you agree and acknowledge that regulatory authority has examined approved the available information, action has been will taken under the laws, regulatory requirements rules any jurisdiction and the publication, distribution dissemination all any part the available information you does not imply that the applicable laws, regulatory requirements rules have been complied with; you agree and acknowledge that the available information, the undertaking and/ the completion the token sale, future trading the tokens any exchange market (regulated, unregulated, primary, secondary otherwise), shall not construed, interpreted deemed you indication the merits the company, the tokens, the token sale the available information; the distribution dissemination the available information any part thereof any copy thereof, acceptance the same you, not prohibited restricted the applicable laws, regulations rules your jurisdiction, and where any restrictions relation possession are applicable, you have observed and complied with all such restrictions your own expense and without liability the company; you agree and acknowledge that the case where you wish purchase any tokens, the tokens are not construed, interpreted, classified treated as: any kind currency commodity; debentures, stocks shares issued any person entity (whether the company otherwise); rights, options derivatives respect such debentures, stocks shares; rights under contract for differences under any other contract the purpose pretended purpose which secure profit avoid loss; units collective investment scheme; units business trust; derivatives units business trust; any other security class securities; any type investment (as such term defined the financial services (investments and fiduciary services) act gibraltar (as amended re-enacted from time time) such term might construed under similar legislation any other part the world); you are fully aware and understand that you are not eligible purchase any tokens access the available information you are citizen, national, resident (tax otherwise) and/or green card holder restricted jurisdiction you are restricted person; you have basic degree understanding the operation, functionality, usage, storage, transmission mechanisms and other material characteristics cryptocurrencies, blockchain-based software systems, cryptocurrency wallets other related token storage mechanisms, blockchain technology and smart contract technology; you are fully aware and understand that the case where you wish purchase any tokens, there are risks associated with: (a) the company and its business and operations; (b) the tokens; (c) the token sale; and (d) relying acting all any part the available information; you agree and acknowledge that the company not liable for any indirect, special, incidental, consequential other losses any kind, tort, contract otherwise (including but not limited loss revenue, income profits, loss use data, loss reputation, loss any economic other opportunity whatsoever nature howsoever arising), arising out connection with any acceptance reliance the available information any part thereof you; and all the above representations and warranties are true, complete, accurate and not misleading from the time your last access and/or possession (as the case may be) the available information. cautionary note forward-looking statements all statements contained the available information, statements made any press releases any place accessible the public and oral statements that may made the company the company representatives (as the case may be), that are not statements historical fact, constitute "forward looking statements". some these statements can identified forward-looking terms such "aim", "target", "anticipate", "believe", "could", "estimate", "expect", "if", "intend", "may", "plan", "possible", "probable", "project", "should", "would", "will" other similar terms. however, these terms are not the exclusive means identifying forwardlooking statements. all statements regarding the company's financial position, business strategies, plans and prospects and the future prospects the industry which the company are forward-looking statements. these forwardlooking statements, including but not limited statements the company's revenue profitability and growth, expected revenue profitability and growth, prospects, future plans, other expected industry trends and other matters discussed the available information regarding the company are matters that are not historic facts, but only estimations and predictions. the company makes representation warranty having made any predictions estimates expectations the basis any formula, any mathematical scientific modelling forecast, having made any due and proper enquiries having undertaken any independent research studies otherwise. these forwardlooking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause the actual future results, performance achievements the company materially different from any future results, performance achievements expected, expressed implied such forward-looking statements. these factors include, amongst others: changes political, social, economic and stock cryptocurrency market conditions, and the regulatory environment the countries which the company conducts its business and operations; the risk that the company may unable execute implement its business strategies and future plans; changes interest rates and exchange rates fiat currencies and cryptocurrencies; changes the anticipated growth strategies and expected internal growth the company; changes the availability and fees payable the company connection with its business and operations; changes the availability and salaries employees who are required the company operate its business and operations; changes preferences customers the company; changes competitive conditions under which the company operates, and the ability the company compete under such conditions; changes the future capital needs the company and the availability financing and capital fund such needs; war acts international domestic terrorism; occurrences catastrophic events, natural disasters and acts god that affect the businesses and/or operations the company; other factors beyond the exclusive control the company; and any risk and uncertainties associated with the company and its business and operations, the tokens, the token sale and reliance all any part the available information. all forward-looking statements made attributable the company company representatives are expressly qualified their entirety such factors. given that risks and uncertainties that may cause the actual future results, performance achievements the company materially different from that expected, expressed implied the forwardlooking statements the available information, undue reliance must not placed these statements. these forward-looking statements are applicable only the later the date publication the white paper and the latest date that the website has been updated. neither the company nor the company representatives nor any other person represents, warrants and/or undertakes that the actual future results, performance achievements the company will discussed those forward-looking statements. the actual results, performance achievements the company may differ materially from those anticipated these forward-looking statements. nothing contained the available information may relied upon promise, representation undertaking the future performance policies the company. further, the company disclaims any responsibility update any those forward-looking statements publicly announce any revisions those forward-looking statements reflect future developments, events circumstances, even new information becomes available other events occur the future. risk factors you should carefully consider and evaluate each the following risk factors and all other information contained these terms before deciding participate the token sale. the best the company's knowledge and belief, all risk factors which are material you making informed judgment participate the token sale have been set out below. any the following considerations, uncertainties material risks develops into actual events, the business, financial position and/or results operations the company and the maintenance and level usage the tokens could materially and adversely affected. such cases, the trading price tokens (in the case where they are listed exchange market (regulated, unregulated, primary, secondary otherwise)) could decline due any these considerations, uncertainties material risks, and you may lose all part your tokens the economic value thereof. risks relating participation the token sale there prior market for tokens and the token sale may not result active liquid market for the tokens. prior the token sale, there has been public market for the tokens. although the company may use reasonable endeavours seek the approval for availability the tokens for trading cryptocurrency exchange market, there assurance that such approval will obtained. furthermore, even such approval granted cryptocurrency exchange, there assurance that active liquid trading market for the tokens will develop, developed, will sustained after the tokens have been made available for trading such market. there also assurance that the market price the tokens will not decline below the original issue purchase price (the "purchase price"). the purchase price may not indicative the market price the tokens after they have been made available for trading market. token not currency issued any central bank national, supra-national quasi-national organisation, nor backed any hard assets other credit nor commodity the traditional sense that word. the company not responsible for, nor does pursue, the circulation and trading tokens any market. trading tokens will merely depend the consensus its value between the relevant market participants. one obliged purchase any token from any holder the token, including the purchasers, nor does anyone guarantee the liquidity market price tokens any extent any time. furthermore, tokens may not resold purchasers who are citizens, nationals, residents (tax otherwise) and/or green card holders restricted jurisdictions restricted persons purchasers any other jurisdiction where the purchase tokens may violation applicable laws. accordingly, the company cannot ensure that there will any demand market for tokens, that the purchase price indicative the market price tokens after they have been made available for trading any cryptocurrency exchange market. future sales issuance the tokens could materially and adversely affect the market price tokens. any future sale issuance the tokens would increase the supply tokens the market and this may result downward price pressure the token. the sale distribution significant number tokens outside the token sale (including but not limited the sales tokens undertaken after the completion the initial crowdsale, issuance tokens persons other than purchasers for purposes community initiatives, business development, academic research, education and market expansion and issuance tokens reward users the company's business platform otherwise), the perception that such further sales issuance may occur, could adversely affect the trading price the tokens. negative publicity may materially and adversely affect the price the tokens. negative publicity involving the company, the company's business platform, the tokens any the key personnel the company and/ regulation distributed ledger technologies, cryptocurrencies and/or crowdsales tokens any jurisdiction, may materially and adversely affect the market perception market price the tokens, whether not justified. the company may not able pay any anticipated rewards the future. there assurance that there will sufficient engagement the company's business platform such that you will receive any rewards anticipated distributed active users the company's business platform. further, even the event there substantial engagement and interactions among the users the company's business platform, there assurance you personally will receive any part the rewards. this because the ability the company pay any reward you will depend the future results operations and the future business and financial condition the company, and there assurance the future results operations and the future business and financial condition the company. there assurance any success the company's business platform any future token functionality. the value of, and demand for, the tokens hinges heavily the performance the company's business platform and the continuous active engagement its users and success its contemplated business lines. there assurance that the company's business platform will gain continue gain traction. furthermore, there assurance that any future token functionality will realised. while the company has made every effort provide realistic estimate, there also assurance that the cryptocurrencies raised the token sale will sufficient for the development the company's business platform and/or for the proper development, structuring and licensing the anticipated future token functionality. for the foregoing any other reason, the development the company's business platform and launch the anticipated token functionality may not completed and there assurance that will launched all. such, distributed tokens may hold little worth value and this would impact its trading price. the trading price the tokens may fluctuate following the token sale. the prices cryptographic tokens general tend relatively volatile, and can fluctuate significantly over short periods time. the demand for, and the corresponding market price of, the tokens may fluctuate significantly and rapidly response to, among others, the following factors, some which are beyond the control the company: new technical innovations; analysts' speculations, recommendations, perceptions estimates the token's market price the company's financial and business performance; changes market valuations and token prices entities with businesses similar that the company that may listed the same cryptocurrency exchanges markets the tokens; announcements the company significant events, for example partnerships, sponsorships new product developments; fluctuations market prices and trading volume cryptocurrencies cryptocurrency exchanges markets; additions departures key personnel the company; success failure the company's management implementing business and growth strategies; and/or changes conditions affecting the blockchain financial technology industry, the general economic conditions market sentiments, other events factors. the funds raised the token sale are exposed risks theft. the company will make every effort ensure that the funds received from the token sale will securely held wallet, with access thereto private keys held reputable and trusted parties. further, the company may make every effort ensure that the funds received from token sale will securely held through the implementation security measures. notwithstanding such security measures, there assurance that there will theft the cryptocurrencies result hacks, sophisticated cyber-attacks, distributed denials service errors, vulnerabilities defects the token sale website, the smart contract(s) which the wallet and the token sale relies, the ethereum blockchain any other blockchain, otherwise. such events may include, for example, flaws programming source code leading exploitation abuse thereof. such event, even the token sale completed, the company may not able receive the cryptocurrencies raised and the company may not able use such funds for the development the company's business platform and/or for launching any future token functionality. such case, the launch the company's business platform and the structuring and licensing any future token functionality might temporarily permanently curtailed. such, distributed tokens may hold little worth value and this would impact their trading price. risks relating the company the company's business platform. any events circumstances which adversely affect the company any its successor affiliated operating entities may have corresponding adverse effect the company's business platform and/or any future token functionality, including but not limited the development, structuring and launch the company's business platform and any future token functionality. such adverse effects would correspondingly have impact the utility, liquidity, and the trading price the tokens. the company may materially and adversely affected fails effectively manage its operations its business develops and evolves, which would have direct impact its ability maintain operate the company's business platform and/or develop, structure and/or licence any future token functionality. the financial technology and cryptocurrency industries which the company competes have grown rapidly over the past few years and continue evolve response new technological advances, changing business models, shifting regulations and other factors. result this constantly changing environment, the company may face operational difficulties adjusting the changes, and the sustainability the company will depend its ability manage its operations, ensure that hires qualified and competent employees, and provides proper training for its personnel. its business evolves, the company must also expand and adapt its operational infrastructure. the company's business will part rely its blockchain-based software systems, cryptocurrency wallets other related token storage mechanisms, blockchain technology and smart contract technology. all these systems, tools, and skillsets represent complex, costly, and rapidly changing technical infrastructure. order demonstrate continued ability effectively manage technical support infrastructure for the company's business platform, the company will need continue upgrade and improve its data systems and other operational systems, procedures, and controls. these upgrades and improvements will require dedication resources and are likely complex and increasingly rely hosted computer services from third parties that the company does not will not control. the company unable adapt its systems and organisation timely, efficient, and costeffective manner accommodate changing circumstances, its business, financial condition and/or results operations may adversely affected. the third parties whom the company relies are subject security breach otherwise suffer disruptions that impact the services the company uses, the integrity and availability its internal information could compromised, which may consequently cause the loss confidential proprietary information and/or economic loss. the loss financial, labour other resources, and any other adverse effect the company's business, financial condition and/or operations, would have direct adverse effect the company's ability maintain operate the company's business platform and/or develop, structure and/or license the anticipated future token functionality. any adverse effects affecting the company business technology are likely also adversely impact the utility, liquidity, and trading price the tokens. which the company the company's business platform relies, the ethereum any other blockchain. such events may include, for example, flaws programming source code leading exploitation abuse thereof. the company may not able detect such hacks, cyber-attacks, distributed denials service errors vulnerabilities defects timely manner, and may not have sufficient resources efficiently cope with multiple service incidents happening simultaneously rapid succession. the company may experience system failures, unplanned interruptions its network services, hardware software defects, security breaches other causes that could adversely affect the company's infrastructure network, and/or the company's business platform. the company may the future dependent part the location and data centre facilities third parties. the company not able anticipate when there would occurrences hacks, cyberattacks, distributed denials service errors, vulnerabilities defects in: the company's business platform, the smart contracts the company's network services, which would include the company's business platform and, successfully structured, developed, licensed and launched, the future token functionality, could disrupted numerous events, including natural disasters, equipment breakdown, network connectivity downtime, power losses, even intentional disruptions its services, such disruptions caused software viruses attacks unauthorized users, some which are beyond the company's control. there can assurance that cyber-attacks, such distributed denials service, will not attempted the future that the company's security measures will effective. the company may prone attacks its infrastructure intended steal information about its technology, financial data user information take other actions that would damaging the company and/ holders the tokens. any significant breach the company's security measures other disruptions resulting compromise the usability, stability, and security the company's business platform may adversely affect the utility, liquidity and/or trading price the tokens. the company's future infrastructure network may established whole part through servers which owns and/or houses the location facilities third parties, and/or servers that rents data centre facilities third parties. the company unable renew its data facility leases commercially reasonable terms all, the company may required transfer its servers new data centre facility, and may incur significant costs and possible service interruption connection with the relocation. these facilities are also vulnerable damage interruption from, among others, natural disasters, arson, terrorist attacks, power losses, and telecommunication failures. additionally, the third-party providers such facilities may suffer breach security result third-party action, employee error, malfeasance otherwise, and third party may obtain unauthorised access the data such servers. the company and the providers such facilities may unable anticipate these techniques implement adequate preventive measures. general global market and economic conditions may have adverse impact the company's operating performance, results operations and/or cash flows. the company could continue affected general global economic and market conditions. challenging economic conditions worldwide have from time time, contributed, and may continue contribute, slowdowns the information technology industry large. weakness the economy could have negative effect the company's business, operations and financial condition, including decreases revenue and operating cash flows, and inability attract future equity and/or debt financing commercially reasonable terms. additionally, down-cycle economic environment, the company may experience the negative effects slowdown trading and usage the company's business platform and may delay cancel the development, structuring, licensing and/or launch the anticipated token functionality. suppliers which the company relies for servers, bandwidth, location and other services could also negatively impacted economic conditions that, turn, could have negative impact the company's operations expenses. there can assurance, therefore, that current economic conditions worsening economic conditions prolonged recurring recession will not have significant, adverse impact the company's business, financial condition and results operations, and hence, the company's business platform and/or the ability develop, structure, license and/or launch any future token functionality. any such circumstances would then correspondingly negatively impact the utility, liquidity, and/or trading price the tokens. the company the tokens may affected newly implemented regulations. distributed ledger technologies, businesses and activities well cryptocurrencies and cryptocurrency-related businesses and activities are generally unregulated worldwide, but numerous regulatory authorities across jurisdictions have been outspoken about considering the implementation regulatory regimes which govern distributed ledger technologies, businesses and activities well cryptocurrencies and cryptocurrency-related businesses and activities. the company the tokens may affected newly implemented regulations relating distributed ledger technologies, businesses and activities well cryptocurrencies and cryptocurrency-related businesses and activities, including having take measures comply with such regulations, having deal with queries, notices, requests enforcement actions regulatory authorities, which may come substantial cost and may also require substantial modifications the company's business platform and/or the anticipated token functionality. this may impact the appeal practicality functionality the company's business platform and/or the anticipated token functionality for users and result decreased usage and demand for the company's business platform and the tokens. further, should the costs (financial otherwise) complying with such newly implemented regulations exceed certain threshold, maintaining the company's business platform and/or developing, structuring, licensing and/ launching the future token functionality may longer commercially viable, and the company may opt discontinue the company's business platform, the anticipated future token functionality, and/or the tokens. further, difficult predict how whether governments regulatory authorities may implement any changes laws and regulations affecting distributed ledger technology and its applications, including the company's business platform, the anticipated future token functionality, and/or the tokens. the company may also have cease operations jurisdiction that makes illegal operate such jurisdiction, make commercially unviable undesirable obtain the necessary regulatory approval(s) operate such jurisdiction. scenarios such the foregoing, the utility, liquidity, and/or trading price tokens will adversely affected and/or tokens may cease traded. there may unanticipated risks arising from the tokens. cryptographic tokens such the tokens are relatively new and dynamic technology. addition the risks included the above discussion risk factors, there are other risks associated with your purchase, holding, and use the tokens, including those that the company cannot anticipate. such risks may further appear unanticipated variations combinations the risks discussed above. privacy policy purchasing tokens, you agree your personal data, (i.e., your e-mail address, name, address and other details personal you) being processed the company for its business purposes the purposes building, promoting, and communicating (about) the company's business platform and the tokens. the company agrees keep your email address and other personal data private and not share with the public (e.g., including any external lists selling any third parties). disclaimer the presentation the available information solely for informational purposes. anyone interested purchasing tokens and participating the token sale should consider the various risks prior making any kind decision respect the token sale. the available information does not comprise any advice the company the company representatives, any recommendation any recipient the available information, the virtue any participation the token sale otherwise. the available information does not necessarily identify, claim identify, all the risk factors connected with the company, the company's business platform, the tokens, the token sale, any future token functionality the available information. all the participants must make their own independent evaluation, after making such investigations they consider essential, the merits participating the token sale and after taking their own independent professional advice. any participant the token sale should check with and rely upon their own investment, accounting, legal and tax representatives and consultants respect such matters concerning the company, the company's business platform, the tokens, the token sale, any future token functionality and the available information and assess separately the financial risks, consequences and appropriateness the purchase tokens, any doubt about the facts set out the available information. purchase tokens comprises considerable risk and might involve extraordinary risks that may lead loss all significant portion monies monetary value utilised acquire tokens. participants the token sale are urged completely understand, aware and accept the characteristics the company, the company's business platform, the tokens, the token sale, any future token functionality and the available information. you are not prepared accept any all these terms the risks set out these terms then you are urged not participate the token sale. guarantee assurance given the company the company representatives that the company's proposals, objectives and/or outcomes set out the available information will achieved whole part. you are urged consider whether participation the token sale suitable for you having regard your personal and financial circumstances and your financial resources. restrictions distribution and dissemination the available information the distribution dissemination howsoever all any part the available information may prohibited restricted the laws, regulatory requirements and rules certain jurisdictions. the case where any such restriction applies, you are responsible for informing yourself respect the same and for observing any such restrictions which are applicable your possession and/or dissemination all any part the available information your own expense and without liability the company. persons whom copy all any part the available information has been distributed disseminated, provided access who otherwise have all any part the available information their possession shall not circulate any other persons, reproduce otherwise distribute any information contained herein for any purpose whatsoever nor permit cause the same occur. offer securities registration this white paper does not constitute prospectus offer document any sort and not intended constitute offer securities solicitation for investment securities any jurisdiction. person bound enter into any contract binding legal commitment and cryptocurrency other form payment accepted the basis all any part the available information. any agreement relation any sale and purchase tokens governed the terms and conditions such agreement and other document. the event any inconsistencies between the terms and conditions that agreement and the available information, those terms and conditions shall prevail. you are not eligible purchase any tokens the token sale you are citizen, resident (tax otherwise) green card holder restricted jurisdiction you are restricted person. regulatory authority has examined approved any the available information. such action has been will taken under the laws, regulatory requirements rules any jurisdiction. the publication, distribution dissemination the available information does not imply that the applicable laws, regulatory requirements rules have been complied with.