cyber-physical chain (cpchain) whitepaper decentralized infrastructure for next generation internet things cpchain team january executive summary cyber-physical chain (cpchain) deeply integrates blockchain with internet things (iot) realize decentralized and trusted brand-new distributed iot systems. can reduce the cost system interconnection, increase the value data sharing, and ensure user privacy and system security. cpchain focuses the scalability, security and real-time issues that blockchain faces the internet things industry. combining the three technologies: blockchain, internet things and distributed encryption storage and computing, builds new generation internet things, which can provide entire solutions for data acquisition, sharing and application iot industry. cpchain focuses multi-party data transactions and iot-big-data-based artificial intelligence (ai) decision-making applications, establishes multi-faceted trust and heterogeneous data interconnection, and solves the pain points the industry. moreover, explosive and innovative business model new generation data sharing built based cpchain. contents background ........................................................................................................ the challenges centralized architecture iot systems ................................... blockchain technology brings new potential the internet things.................. commercial blockchain systems are facing the bottleneck problem scalability parallel distributed architecture cpchain ..................................................... key technologies cpchain .......................................................................... parallel distributed encrypted storage and computation ................................... hybrid consensus large-scale public blockchain ............................................ side chain consensus system with high real-time and security .............................. typical applications cpchain ...................................................................... big data aggregation and artificial intelligence applications based cpchain applications real-time data flow based cpchain ......................................... roadmap cpchain ....................................................................................... cpchain team ................................................................................................. cpchain economic models and usage ............................................................ token distribution plan cpchain ................................................................ project budget .................................................................................................. cpchain community governance .................................................................. background the challenges centralized architecture iot systems internet things (iot) major development and revolutionary opportunity information field. highly integrates advanced information technology, communication technology, sensor technology and computer technology establish global dynamic network infrastructure. all smart objects (rfid tags, sensors, smartphones, wearable devices, etc.) are interconnected and all information and data are shared and transmitted for full awareness, reliable delivery and intelligent processing. currently, the iot adopts the centralized technology and operation mode the fields intelligent transportation, smart home and medical care, i.e. the "chimney" iot architecture, and faces the common problems connection costs, trust, data value and business models. cost device connectivity. recent years, the price components such computing devices, storage devices and sensors has declined, iot devices are exploding. ibm research institute predicts that the world will have over billion connected devices. however, the existing iot solutions are high costs and mostly "chimney-type" vertical architecture. the data centers are built for one single project and each system has its own management tools and databases, forming isolated island information the era billions connected devices. therefore, the current inefficient architecture cannot satisfy the demand. addition, most iot devices have long life cycles and the profit far lower than that intelligent terminals with fast consumer goods properties, such pcs and smartphones. but the manufacturers need maintain the corresponding systems for the long term and the profits are not enough support maintenance costs. the equipment manufacturers are unsustainable. privacy concern. the internet needs built trust. events such snowden also prove that "trusted third parties" are not trustworthy. people have lost much their privacy ever since the internet came into the big data age. therefore, the beginning the development the internet things, privacy must integrated into the iot infrastructure ensure that users enjoy more convenient and smart services without revealing their personal information, and allowing users truly own the data they create and its value. addition, the concept "closed safe" the current centralized architecture out date. the new technology represented the blockchain building brand-new "open secure" interconnection all things. data value. iot systems generate large amounts data all times. these data are great value both commercial applications and research fields. for example, based traffic travel data, deep learning used train more accurate and efficient path planning algorithms. medical care organizations can design more customized care plans using sensor data such cameras more accurately determine the patient's condition. however, under the "chimney-shaped" island system, large amount traffic data held few centralized platforms, which case efficient interconnection cannot achieved. small and medium-sized companies cannot take advantage these resources, and universities and other research institutions have difficulty obtaining high-quality data sets, which seriously hinders the progress scientific research and the value the data cannot fully reflected. addition, most the iot devices connected the internet alone meaningless. only comprehensive analysis big data will create value. the data cannot connected, the value cannot thus delivered. business model. networking, computing, storage and other functions iot devices bring about increase costs. but for most the traditional devices such sensors, networking not the core function, and relying the mode selling hardware alone cannot support the huge overhead incurred the long-term maintenance corresponding system. under the current centralized architecture, most manufacturers cannot make full use the function system the iot device, and the business model simply selling user data. this allegedly infringing upon the rights and privacy users. with the iot system further development and openness and users' safety awareness, the current business model will certainly usher change. blockchain technology brings new potential the internet things emerging technology, blockchain has shown its great potential solving data security and privacy issues. present, many researchers and enterprises have introduced blockchain technology into more and more fields. among them, the combination the internet things and the blockchain one the most promising directions. blockchain technology has the opportunity reshape its basic structure and solves series challenges the current centralized "chimney" system. significantly reduce the cost equipment interconnection. the core concept blockchain technology distributed ledger, that is, open, distributed database maintained multiple parties. based the blockchain, can build decentralized and distributed iot data platform, which can effectively solve the "isolated data island" problem. manufacturers longer need establish complete set data solutions for their single products, significantly reducing the cost equipment interconnection and post-it system maintenance. therefore, the decentralized iot system, based the blockchain technology, sufficient carry tens billions connected device data. significantly protect the privacy. the biggest advantage blockchain technology lies the security privacy brought decentralization. without any third party controlling user data, there not large amount data stored centralized data center, which reduces the risk hacker attacks and malicious disclosure. the internet things based blockchain fully open and secure decentralized system for users control their own data and protect their privacy and interests. realizing the share data. the blockchain-based iot system peer-to-peer decentralized network where all participants can participate equally the data sharing process. all users can authorize their own data access, data applications and legally get large number valuable data lower cost from service providers, and this basis create more intelligent services, realize the value transfer through the real-time data flow. create the brand-new business model. blockchain technology changes the roles users, iot devices and vendors the iot system. unlike the current centralized architecture, users the new iot system can dynamically develop data authorization mechanisms and interaction rules with devices, etc. not only does the device perform single function. the blockchain not only simply interconnects the device, but also enables devices interact with each other autonomously. vendors longer need maintain hundreds thousands systems different systems. changing roles will attract more participants, reshape market rules and create entirely new business models. commercial blockchain systems are facing the bottleneck problem scalability although blockchain technology brings high degree security and privacy, scalability the bottleneck its application large-scale industrial systems. the existing blockchain system architecture not enough support the demand highthroughput, high-concurrency commercial systems. high cost data storage and calculation. blockchain decentralized database maintained large number nodes, which has high storage and computing cost. however, the public blockchain application platform inevitably carries large-scale data. under the current storage cost blockchain, large-scale the public blockchain based data platform not practical. low efficiency consensus mechanism. consensus algorithms based pow the current blockchain consume great deal computational resources. many application scenarios, users cannot obtain strong computational power and all miningbased consensus algorithms will face the bottleneck trading speed. the scalability the blockchain system cannot solved, the decentralized application cannot really fall the ground. under the above context, cyber-physical chain (cpchain) focus the scalability, security and real-time issues data and transactions the integration the internet things and blockchain technology. first, parallel distributed architecture distributed cloud storage system and decentralization blockchain system proposed solve the scalability problem large-scale data storage and sharing. second, cpchain presents new hybrid consensus protocol for large-scale public blockchain based collaborative optimization design computing and communication. finally, side chain consensus system with high security, real time and high concurrent machine transaction designed combining edge computing and hardware security methods the industry chain. parallel distributed architecture cpchain cpchain aims construct basic data platform for the iot system, providing full process solution for data acquisition, storage, sharing and application. cpchain will break through the core underlying technology the application block chain the internet things system, and provide the infrastructure for the sharing and transaction the data the internet things. cpchain, can build data aggregation and real-time data flow applications maximize the value internet things data. the decentralized blockchain system requires the whole network node operate the same transaction (data), which has great disadvantages from the point view calculation and storage. cannot give full play the cooperative ability the distributed network system. the decentralized system can only follow the "barrel principle", not scalable. cpchain proposes the idea separating data layer from control layer, constructs parallel architecture enhance system scalability, provides open data sharing function while protecting user privacy, and adopts distributed storage scheme. the user data encrypted and uploaded the cloud reduce the storage burden the block chain and ensure the integrity and accuracy the data. intelligent transportation smart city smart home logistics management health care ...... incentive mechanism application layer control code timestamp state variable ...... hash function contract layer data structure distributed storage encryption algorithm network compression algorithm ...... merkle tree consensus data layer ...... smart phone sensor data gateway control layer (blockchain) physical layer fig. system architecture cpchain figure shows the hierarchical structure cpchain system, which made physical layer, data layer, contract layer, application layer and control layer. block chain used vertical control layer supervise data interaction. the physical layer the basis data acquisition cpchain, including smart phone, sensor, data gateway and on. the intelligent device joining the cpchain network needs run blockchain node communicate with the blockchain network. the same time, also acts running environment for the decentralization application, dealing with encryption, consensus and on. the data layer processes the main data, designs different data structure and compression algorithm for different applications, improves the efficiency data reading and writing, and the original data does not need upload block chain. upload only hash values unique identification data and credentials for integrity and correctness. raw data encrypted the user side and stored distributed hash table (dht). the contract layer the core the system function. because the intelligent contract deployed the blockchain, difficult change the contract rules. therefore, the design the contract should basic and concise, and more interactive functions should placed the application layer. the application layer interface between user and contractual interaction, which can developed according different requirements. the function the control layer accomplished the block chain. the beginning, the public chain platform such ethereum, which supports the intelligent contract, used speed the development the prototype system. the decentralized system based blockchain technology different from the traditional distributed system. the decentralized system, computing and storage tasks are redundant. each node the decentralized node stores the same data and performs the same computational tasks. the one hand, this kind redundant storage and calculation allows the blockchain system operate independently trusted third party, ensuring the integrity the data, untamperability and the consistency the system; the other hand, excessive redundant data also aggravates the system's burden, making the addition new nodes more and more expensive. the long run, this model not scalable and unsustainable. bitcoin, for example, the size the bitcoin blockchain has exceeded gb, which makes the new node spend lot time for synchronizing data. the time goes on, the difficulty entering new nodes continues increase. redundant computing ensures the consistency the system state, which valuable and essential. however, the large amount redundant data storage makes the system burden heavier and not extensible. order solve the scalability problem data storage, sharing and transaction, parallel distributed architecture put forward, shown figure the main chain, the industry chain network and the distributed storage system are combined organically. the control layer cpchain platform, the blockchain longer stores all the data the system, but only uploads the identification and credentials the data, which not only greatly reduces the storage burden the platform, but also ensures the consistency the system. fig parallel distributed architecture cpchain cpchain parallel distributed architecture, distributed cloud storage layer and block chain layer are two parallel distributed networks for data storage and computing tasks, respectively. the user data will encrypted into blocks the client side, each part will enter different storage nodes, and the hash credentials will upload all the nodes the blockchain network, that the data can verified, confirmed, and on. parallel distributed architecture separates the data layer from the block chain, which not only preserves the security and decentration the block chain system, but also improves the scalability and greatly reduces the block size. present, many block chain platforms are faced with the problem capacity expansion, such increasing block capacity, but only increasing block capacity will increase the maintenance cost blockchain nodes, resulting fewer nodes and lower system security. with cpchain's system architecture, the number transactions that can packaged single block greatly increased with the same block size, which can dramatically enhance the platform's transaction processing speed. key technologies cpchain the parallel distributed architecture which separates the data layer from the control layer cpchain can greatly improve the transaction speed and system extensibility without changing the block capacity. but also faces new challenges. for example, after separating the data layer from the control layer, necessary build distributed storage network and ensure efficient interaction with the blockchain, and effective connection must established between the two parallel architectures. the same time, the security and efficiency the system should guaranteed. addition, the data layer independent, the block chain itself will abandoned protect the privacy the data, must design privacy protection scheme based encryption technology. the encryption function based re-encryption homomorphic encryption has certain requirements for computing resources, but the block chain itself has limited computing resources and high cost, necessary strike balance between privacy and availability. large scale networks, due the large scale nodes and the heterogeneity data, there great challenge ensure the consistency the process node state synchronization and data security storage. however, the current block chain distributed network based the power work (pow) consensus protocol has some problems, such scalability, waste computational power and limited block speed. cpchain adopts the two-layer consensus protocol solution, designs the dynamic committee security election mechanism, solves the low throughput and the high delay problem, enhances the data consistency and the system security. addition, cpchain oriented the characteristics the internet things industry and adopts cross-chain architecture. that is, based the main chain, cpchain provides industry-oriented sidechain network function expansion for diversified practical application scenarios. the main chain network mainly used for the high-speed control channel iot data exchange. parallel distributed encrypted storage and computation cpchain uses parallel distributed architecture which the typical internet things data upload and share process shown fig. guarantee data security, reliability and efficient sharing the network, cpchain creatively combines distributed storage technology with re-encryption technology well homomorphic encryption technology achieve efficient data access control mechanism, which elaborated the following specific two aspects. cloud blockchain nodes smart contract access permissioned data verification data nodes permission distributed storage user decentralized controll partition data hash encrypt data fig. iot data upload and share cpchain dht-based distributed encrypted storage the distributed storage process iot data shown fig. the system separates the data layer from the control layer, all raw data encrypted locally and signed the owner. after partitioning, the data are stored different nodes with dht method, making impossible for the host know the raw data. the same time, the hash value the data stored the block chain proof the integrity and correctness the data and the identification the data. the first phase cpchain, select ethereum main chain speed system prototyping and application testing. the block chain also has access control over the data. when the owner the data stores the data, the block chain stores access rights for each data record, which can accomplished sending transaction containing the data identity. when user wants retrieve the data, she must provide proof that the identity the data satisfied obtain the right access and use the data. malicious node exists the system, may ignore the access rights. but the data encrypted and each node only saves random part the data dht. therefore, malicious nodes have limited impact. since all data are encrypted the user side, necessary design effective data authorization access mechanism share data. the traditional distributed hash table only holds the key-value pair data, which far from enough for the cpchain platform. therefore, the data layer, cpchain will introduce modified dht record the correspondence between the key and the data block, where the key has been used the data encryption level. distributed storage ...... node data partition local client raw data encrypt e(data) sign (signature, e(data) hash function blockchain hash pointer h(s,e(data)) fig. distributed storage iot data encryption and decryption data will consume certain amount computing resources. the face the huge amount data generated the internet things system every moment, undoubtedly huge waste computational power encrypt each data record separately. therefore, necessary design appropriate data structures and encryption mechanisms for different types iot data meet the requirements data security and processing efficiency the same time. the data generated the cpchain platform will arranged chronological order, organized chain structure, and the time period will set package the data period into blocks. this basis, the encryption interval and the upload interval are selected, that block record can ensure the integrity and authenticity the data the blocks the whole interval. data sharing and application based encrypted computation ensure data security and privacy, cpchain platform stripping the data layer from the blockchain. all the original data are encrypted the user side. because data not visible third parties, how implement the computing sharing encrypted data the primary challenge parallel distributed architecture. the public key encryption system used the block chain platform will longer apply after the introduction distributed encryption storage, because the public key encryption technology requires the receiver's public key encrypt the data, shown fig. only one-to-one authorization can implemented. the cpchain platform, hoped that the data encrypted one time and used many times, which abbreviated one-to-many authorization shown fig. therefore, the cpchain platform will deeply develop re-encryption and homomorphic encryption technologies. the combination encryption technology and blockchain technology will achieve more secure and more efficient data sharing and services. ska pkb signature epkbdska(m) dska(m verification encryption dska(m decryption skb pka fig. public key encryption fig. traditional public key encryption; cpchain encryption implementation one-to-many authorization, cpchain proposes combination scheme symmetric encryption and asymmetric encryption based re-encryption technology. the user employs symmetric encryption key each encryption interval encrypt data, that is, the encryption and decryption use the same secret key, and records the correspondence between the encrypted data block and the secret key the improved dht. improve the security the data, each encryption interval needs update the secret key. the re-encryption system based asymmetric encryption used transmit the key used encrypt the data, thus data authorization limited single encryption interval. re-encryption technology can partially solve the problem data sharing parallel distributed architecture. but its data visible under the smart contract, faces some security and privacy problems. this end, cpchain will further introduce homomorphic encryption technology realize computing and application functions under encrypted data, such distributed encryption matching and searching, enhance the protection user privacy. hybrid consensus large-scale public blockchain the large-scale cpchain system, the realization node state consistency and distributed data storage face many challenges due the large scale network and the massive data internet things. cpchain will develop hybrid consensus protocol with extendable performance and propose dynamic committee election mechanism overcome scalability problems the existing pow consensus protocol based systems. the main core problem the main chain structure lies determining which nodes complete the data collection, packing the chain the block, and how ensure the block data security and consistency. traditional distributed fault-tolerant algorithms, such pbft and zyzzyva, rely more communication complexity guarantee the consistency among nodes. for example, the pbft algorithm applies three-phase protocol guarantee the system consistency even there malicious byzantine node and the recovery node failure. however, the system scalability poor due its more dependence communication ensure the security its algorithm. the performance declines faster with the number nodes increasing; when the number nodes exceeds certain threshold, the system will not available. due its reliability and availability small scale, the traditional byzantine fault-tolerant algorithm more suitable for the private blockchain and permissioned blockchain environments. response this problem, cpchain's core solution design dynamic voting mechanism for the dynamic committees and elect credible committees collect the data the blocks and pack the tasks the blocks. two-layer consensus traditional byzantine fault-tolerant algorithms cannot applied large-scale public chain scenarios, and pow consensus protocols consume huge amount computing resources, which leads inefficiencies. cpchain proposes committeebased two-layer agreement enhance cpchain consensus performance. the first round consensus, the system performs local electoral algorithm the beginning fixed round (when block added, called round) determine the level the nodes the rounds. the result high, then the node has the right record the round; the second round consensus, the process block packing, verification, and the whole network broadcast will completed. the consensus process shown fig. fig. two-layer consensus structure cpchain commission election and dynamic update based credit evaluation model the main difficulties cpchain's main chain consensus agreement include: make the whole network agree with the member node network; identify each other after the establishment the committee; make sure that the node level information cannot forged. for these problems, cpchain constructs node credibility model evaluate the node credibility. based the node credibility, each node presents local trust computing determine its role. through the committee carry out intra-group consensus, can achieve block data collection, packaging, and new block creation. the election process, the randomness the election process can enhanced the uniformly distributed probability lucky value. the malicious nodes can prevented from making targeted cumulative credit attacks control the behavior the whole network. and the enhancement randomness makes possible for some nodes with low reputation participate the packaging blocks. during the verification process, some incentives for some negative nodes are added. consensus agreement will last for rounds and will re-elected. during the process adding block, the credit value will penalized there high-level node downtime malicious behavior. when the credit value lower than certain threshold, will deleted from the committee, and the committee changing information added the block that the beginning the next round, corresponding number nodes can dynamically re-elected join the committee, shown fig. fig. committee dynamics the main chain cpchain side chain consensus system with high real-time and security the basic data platform iot system, cpchain common iot data control layer. however, different vertical applications iot, has different performance requirements. typical harsh real-time applications include unmanned vehicular, fleet coordination and on. such applications, cpchain needs support secure communication and interaction with real-time control signaling order work efficiently and collaboratively among the various equipment nodes the internet things. the data interaction still completed through the main chain, will face great delay, which cannot guarantee the real-time requirements all kinds applications. order meet the requirements high frequency, fine granularity, high security and real time machine data transaction, will select typical application scenarios and develop lightweight side chain consensus protocol. specifically, cpchain will design the side chain consensus system with edge computing and hardware security method the industry chain ensure that all kinds applications can meet the delay requirements. therefore, the high real-time and high security the industry chain network are realized, shown fig. fig. altruistic cooperation model with hardware acceleration data gateway embedded encrypted algorithm due the heterogeneity the data collected the sensors the internet things, the sensors themselves often not have the computing power computing power very limited. the cognitive computing the sensor data processing placed each sensor node, will bring more delay. because the gateway equipment deployed the internet things has more powerful hardware support than the sensor node, can provide faster computing power, and the power the device not limited. using the data gateway deployed the internet things, the sensor data aggregated the edge gateway for data processing and encryption computation. the one hand, the computing delay caused the data processing reduced. the other hand, the computational load sensor nodes the internet things reduced, and the lifetime prolonged. incentive and security mechanism for consensus algorithm industry chain the internet things system consists mesh network wireless hoc network. there are many wireless communication technologies different iot industry, such ieee .p, iot. therefore, the consensus machine transaction the internet things can make full use the characteristics wireless network system, and embed the consensus process the network communication protocol, that the information interaction the consensus process does not need involve the data layer. the delay the process reduced only through the lower layer communication layer. addition, considering the high concurrency, real-time and security requirements machine transactions, cpchain will develop efficient altruistic cooperative incentive mechanism and security mechanism based evolutionary game theory. for example, altruistic cooperative incentive mechanism based directed acyclic graph directed acyclic graph (dag) data structure. thus, the application cpchain side chain more efficient, faster and safer. typical applications cpchain common platform for data acquisition, storage, sharing and application the internet things, cpchain can widely used intelligent transportation, intelligent manufacturing, intelligent city and other industry systems. shown fig. taking traffic data example, cpchain can provide full process solution for personal navigation optimization, auxiliary driving, traffic scheduling optimization and customization vehicle personalized insurance. fig. typical iot applications based cpchain big data aggregation and artificial intelligence applications based cpchain iot data sharing. the era big data, the value data well known. the huge amount data generated cpchain will also great value, and cpchain will use block chain technology make all data available and the disposal users. avoids big companies monopolizing data. large number internet things equipment and user interaction data the field business and scientific research have very high value with the development artificial intelligence. high-quality data essential, especially for small and mediumsized companies and scientific research institutions such colleges and universities. with this open iot data platform cpchain, can access large amounts real data low cost, which will greatly facilitate technological progress. present, research institutions must cooperate with large companies rely open data and open platforms large companies order effectively carry out the training work deep learning models. fact, the vast majority data held large companies are derived from users, but users cannot control their own data. the cpchain data platform will change this situation the cpchain data market, where users can authorize their data different agencies and service providers protect the privacy and rights the data, shown fig. for users, the sharing data rewarded, and large amount real and trusted user data can bring greater business value. distributed storage ...... node encrypt access data owner willing sell data buyer purchase request willing buy permission data-market service fig. data sharing based cpchain personalized auto insurance existing insurance programs generally have very low level customization. the novices experienced drivers almost have the same plan options. experienced drivers are often not coming with accident within few years, while the novice more likely apply for their insurance. for insurance companies, due the lack adequate data support for different drivers, the driving habits them are difficult judge, can only consider the risks and benefits general sense design auto insurance products for different drivers. furthermore, the cost customized different auto insurance products too high, which not feasible. fig. personalized auto insurance based cpchain the cpchain iot data platform collects large amount vehicle data. through the modeling and analysis each vehicle data, the driver's driving style can then evaluated well. and the insurance company can calculate the driver's risk more accurately with these results and then design more personalized car insurance, see fig. with advances the sensor technology, combined with the cpchain data platform, unmanned set-loss and claims can realized. after accident happens, the responsibility can distinguished with on-board sensors and road cameras and other equipment; the insurance company can automatically enter the claim phase through blockchain smart contract, saving lot time and manpower. applications real-time data flow based cpchain shared travel the application shared travel, the three parties involved are passengers, drivers and shared travel service contracts respectively. shown fig. real-time communication system based cpchain allows drivers and passengers encrypt their information and broadcast the vehicular hoc network the same time. secure side chain consensus algorithm implements fast matching and secure transaction. the travel service deployed the blockchain smart contract. the contract can access the information the driver and the passenger and store the data the cache temporarily. according the matching algorithm within the contract, the contract can find the matching vehicle for the passengers. fig. application shared trip based cpchain real-time traffic sharing and driving assistance present, the map app (e.g. baidu map and gaude map) can provide real-time traffic data. but the real-time data acquisition cost high due the lack underlying traffic data platform such cpchain. the traditional detection methods road condition information mainly include the installation sense coil, speed radar and video monitoring tools the main roads the city. these devices are mainly used detect the occupancy rate roads, traffic flow, speed and other coarse-grained road condition information. with the improvement vehicle intelligence and sensor technology, combined with the real-time sharing cpchain side-chain data, more efficient real-time traffic data sharing application can constructed. vehicles upload their real-time sensor data the cpchain platform for rewards. the real-time data sharing application collects, analyzes and provides data the vehicles with the need. vehicles can learn about the traffic jam advance and find out more about emergencies time. for the unmanned vehicle, the real-time road condition information can added the driving strategy obtain better control scheme and real-time adjustment. swarm control unmanned vehicle fleet unmanned vehicle fleet control, the interior the swarm needs intelligent identification and detection traffic environment through real-time, reliable and secure message transmission, determine the current travel status and energy usage the cluster members, and thus realize the safe intelligent swarm control. combined with cpchain real-time data sharing, each vehicle historical data (including the movement status, location, terrain and other key information) can real-time accessed and shared, that each car can obtain more reliable and complete unmanned vehicle fleet swarm status information lower cost, which also will promote the optimization cluster control algorithm. moreover, the cpchain data real-time sharing increases system flexibility the dynamic membership administration, completing the real-time swarm reconfiguration, and improving self-governing capabilities unmanned vehicles and the ability secure control the malicious attack environment. roadmap cpchain fig. roadmap cpchain cpchain system architecture complex and involves lot technology. the system architecture will evolve gradually the process development. fig. evolution diagram cpchain system architecture cpchain team the cpchain research team international team with compound knowledge structure. the founding team consists top talents from universities and industries iot, finance, security and commercial operations. dr. long chengnian cpchain founder/principal scientist research interesting:internet things, distributed intelligent systems with blockchain technology dr. zhao bin, cpchain co-funder. dr. zhao has more than years research and develop experience communication, internet things and fintech. extended experience management r&d team. has three patents inventions internet things shi qingwei, early participant the blockchain and digital currency founder the shared finance, participated the preparation and investment many projects cpchain economic models and usage cpc primary asset cpchain, cpc's value origin that can easily characterize and measure digital economic activity cpchain. the value cpc based two practical business needs. one that the use cpchain consumes certain amount cpc fuel. the other holding cpc symbol participating cpchain community governance. the total amount cpc billion, which will generated when the main network online. ordinary nodes the cpc network (non-dapp application nodes) have the right send fixed number free transactions every day. this number exceeded the transaction frequency too fast, the system will charge fee. order ensure the balance communication and computing resources, dapp application developers must hold corresponding amount tokens according the resources occupied the application, and may lease them the number tokens not enough. for transactions resulting from dapp applications, dapp developers bear the corresponding costs, and pay leasing fees miners who provide rental tokens. the cpchain foundation will charge cpc from developers and service providers various smart contracts and pays for the gas required for the operation smart contracts ensure the operation all business smart contracts. the majority cpc revenue received will rewarded node providers, while the remaining part used for funding follow-up day-to-day operations, commercial promotion and technology development; the smart contract service provider pays cpc acquire gas provide baas (blockchain service) smart contract services the companies serves. based their business rules and the added value contribution, the contract provided its client company, application development provider receive cpc provide smart contract services; the application development provider will further develop and process the acquired smart contract services based the needs the end customers and provide its traditional enterprise customers end users with application products and receive the cpc the enterprise revenue. the end user may pay cpc get business products and services. token distribution plan cpchain the total amount cpc token will billion and used for funding overseas community and institutional investors. proportio allocation plan details overseas community the overseas community will important force and institutional for the future development cpchain, and this investors part will used the construction overseas community; institutional investors refer the enterprises the built-in distributed business ecosystem and service providers that serve these corporate customers end-users; these business investors will focus the future application cpchain token (cpc) their commercial activities. founding team, the founding team, well the development development team team, greatly contributes their human and and consultants technology resources and material resources during the development the project. therefore, the cpc will used reward and will locked for years, with the first year all locked and released batches each year community governance maintaining the continuous operation and development the team; commercial application exploration and promotion; selection suitable industries for strategic deployment the industry, project support and replacement tokens for industrial application that truly satisfies the needs market. project budget daily operation technology development business development investment including initial team salary, recruiting experts and developers, technical patents and intellectual property protection, foundation operation and marketing expenses, etc. technical development, communication and sharing; publication regular journals; creation participation alliances; community incentives, etc. maintain series business channel cooperation such expanding and operating cpchain foundation investment new blockchain technology and new team cpchain community governance cpchain's governance adopts the three-tier governance structure the cpc holders' conference, the decision-making committee and the executive committee. the cpc holder conference allows the holder participate the governance the community through preset code rules. the decision-making committee responsible for the cpc holder conference and the executive committee responsible for the execution. the executive committee responsible for the daily operation the cpchain project. the executive committee consists several management centers including strategic investment center, financial management center, operations management center, community service center and innovation management center guide the respective business units. the cpchain team will set foundation singapore the main body cpchain governance with overall responsibility for the cpchain technology development and application development, maintenance cpc holder rights, promotion the cpchain brand and more.