credo token blockchain based spam email access solution stewart dennis turing technology, inc. july abstract email broken. spam costs the global economy billion per year and still accounts for all email. existing regulatory and technological solutions have failed eliminate the significant monetary cost and negative externalities unsolicited email and spam. email access outside known contacts difficult. email access via cold emails not good for either senders recipients; such messages are not responded reliably and consume recipients' valuable time. email access via introduction operates inefficiently through unreliable exchanges social capital and requires senders have maintained social path their network the recipient. these problems with email present significant negative externalities and inefficient mechanism exchange for email access. the solution establish new market for email access which email senders contacting unknown recipients pay fee for the email either through responded to. the fee prices and compensates recipients for the attention action they provide the email, and improves senders' likelihood attaining the attention response recipients. the solution implemented two components: bitbounce and credo. bitbounce implements filtering emails from unknown contacts and the payment mechanism for email receipt response. the credo token the primary unit exchange that recipients are compensated with, though bitcoin and tezzies will also supported for convenience. credo serves the additional purpose incentivizing adoption and continued use the bitbounce solution via distributions based proof usage. contents value proposition state change starting state email between known contacts cold/unsolicited email email via introduction goal state path components justification timing spam filter use case incentivized response use case autopilot use case existing email accounts plugins scaling success distribution psychology behind adoption viral marketing effect growth fundamentals transaction volume reward mechanisms proof usage fraud prevention new email standard new tradition-based norm token dynamics launch blockchain implementation total supply non-inflation division tokens pricing team community compliance risks smart contract token pre-sale token sale use proceeds value proposition propose the credo (pl. credos) token exchange market for email access that seamlessly integrates with existing email accounts and infrastructure. the credo plus bitbounce[] solution provides: recipients: reduced spam inbox, restored productivity, compensation for engagement with emails from unknown senders. senders: more reliable acquisition recipient attention and response, improved access recipients who are currently difficult and valuable contact (see for discussion the value email access corresponding sender-recipient pairings). state change the purpose credo and bitbounce solve the problems spam and email access. given that email usage fast becoming global with billion email users already [], solving these problems would create tremendous good through positively impacting large number people. starting state the starting state world with free email and many negative externalities. can discretize free email access into three separate classes, and then assess each class turn: email between known contacts email between known contacts generally fine. this case only becomes problematic known sender abuses email access recipient (e.g. sending excessively long series emails until response received). cold/unsolicited email cold emails take time and cause loss productivity. specifically, they cause number negative externalities including but not limited to: lost attention and productivity, overload, difficulty finding the right information, lost time spent archiving and deleting cold emails, and other general negative effects associated with spam and unsolicited email. these negative externalities have been estimated cost the global economy billion per year[] and businesses per employee each year lost worker productivity []. cold emails constitute significant portion emails, with research finding percent email reaching user inboxes spam despite aggressive spam filters []. other recent estimates from experts microsoft and google indicate that all global email still spam []. existing regulations, such the can-spam act, and technology solutions such spam filters have been found largely ineffective solving the problem []. email via introduction using social-exchange theory model email communication, introductions operate via exchanges social capital. such email access depends the network the sender and the state relationships that network, which much less efficient and reliable than financial market with clear pricing. moreover, such introductions conflate email access and referrals, which can decoupled with email access and referral checking happening via separate processes. goal state the goal state world which market for email access has been established and participation the market for email access pervasive and global. with that market established, recipients will sufficiently compensated for any cold/unsolicited emails they receive. moreover, will easy, efficient, and reliable contact vips and other recipients sender-specific value via monetary rather than social exchanges. path components there are two components the path between the starting and goal states: bitbounce technology solution: use the bitbounce service and technology solve the problems and facilitate the market for email access. this component the solution closed source and being patented. credo incentivized distribution: use credos incentivize the adoption and continued use bitbounce. justification there are two choices that require justification: using cryptographic token, and creating and using the credo token. for the primary justifying reason use cryptographic token rather than conventional currency that token transactions can confirmed seconds minutes rather than days which necessary for timely delivery emails; there secondary, non-technological reason which the marketing benefit using cryptographic tokens. for the justifying reason for creating the credo token the need for more control over the proof usage distribution tokens (see .). redistributing bitcoin some other token correspond use bitbounce seems infeasible. creating new token, can distribute much larger portion the token's total supply way that corresponds usage bitbounce (see .). another justifying reason create our own token that can raise funds for bitbounce through selling portion the tokens. timing the idea using payments solve spam has been around for while [], but has only recently become feasible through the innovation faster transaction confirmation times found cryptographic tokens. that innovation combined with the emergence blockchain technology facilitate token creation makes now the right time finally solve the spam and email access problems using this approach. spam filter use case the first use case for bitbounce act more effective spam filter, which solves the spam problem. this works follows: new user signs and adds email account. the user then syncs and/or manually adds contacts whitelist. incoming emails received from addresses that are not the whitelist are filtered email folder called unpaid, and auto-response then sent the original email sender illustrated figure the auto-response asks the sender one the following: request the whitelist, which puts their email address the recipient's whitelist with button approve their membership. enter recipient-generated promo code that will allow the email through for free. pay small fee for the email through. the sender does nothing, the email remains the unpaid folder. figure auto-response email incentivized response use case the second use case for bitbounce incentivize response from recipient, which solves the email access problem. this works follows: user composes email listed vip arbitrary recipient (see figure the user then specifies the fee pay arbitrary recipient accepts the listed price for vips. the user sends the email. the user asked pay the fee pays automatically depending their account setup. the user pays, the email sent the recipient and another email sent the email thread informing the recipient that amount cryptocurrency being held escrow for them until they respond. the original recipient responds the email thread then the response then automatically detected and the amount held escrow released. figure incentivized response feature one challenge with this use case ensuring responder authenticity. this important because senders would not want pay for response from some delegate such secretary. our initial approach will vet vips listed our platform and have them agree terms and conditions that require them personally respond order receive the cryptocurrency incentive payment. later date, can implement more robust and automated method using one the emerging user-device identity platforms automatically prove the identity the responder. autopilot use case the third use case for bitbounce automatically pay credo for emails through recipients. this reduces payment friction and still ensures the problems are solved because the inbox only contains emails from people you know those you've been paid credo receive. have developed consumer and enterprise version bitbounce autopilot. the enterprise version works checking the from-address incoming emails against the company's domain and then sending credo the recipient user when there's match. are currently running proof concept with one enterprise for this and generating non-trivial transaction volume credo transactions the last hours). given this enterprise participating the first pilot, are subsidizing the proof concept providing them with credo and ether for their transactions. existing email accounts one our primary design goals improve the state email with minimal disruption users' existing email experience. users already have significant data and habits formed around specific email services, and want them able continue using their email setup choice. this goal accomplished through seamless integration bitbounce with existing email accounts. soon user adds email account, bitbounce can sync their contacts their whitelist and begin filtering spam (see for early usage data). the user can then continue using their existing email client (e.g. gmail, outlook, etc.) with bitbounce operating the background. fact, expect that many users will only rarely directly access the bitbounce dashboard (see figure especially the plugins mature. figure bitbounce dashboard. plugins order further accomplish the goal improving users email experience with what they are currently using, intend develop plugins for gmail (see figure for design) and outlook that allow for the attaching credos email message (as per ..). these plugins will also facilitate easier adding addresses whitelist via add bitbounce whitelist button. plugins for these services have already been developed for turing cloud[], and the experience from developing them will now applied bitbounce plugins. figure design: bitbounce plugin for gmail. scaling there are two main systems scale: bitbounce email processing and credo transactions. scaling bitbounce email processing: much the initial scaling bitbounce can done using experience the team gained from developing turing cloud. some point, bitbounce can switched new architecture that shards accounts across multiple databases, which would facilitate near infinite scalability. scaling credo transactions: some amount improved scalability will come from improvements the scalability ethereum's underlying blockchain the core developers (e.g. blockchain sharding). also intend conduct some portion transactions off the blockchain that will settled when wallet owner wants withdraw credo; this will also help avoid disproportionately large transaction fees micropayments. success will measure the success our solution the spam problem the percentage all email accounts that have bitbounce active them. will consider our solution the spam problem more successful this percentage increases. will measure the success our solution the email access problem the volume credo transactions sent via bitbounce, which will indicate the level activity within the market for email access that have established. will consider our solution the email access problem more successful this transaction volume increases. distribution psychology behind adoption here look the economic rationale for each party using bitbounce: recipients who sign use bitbounce will have specify accept default price which unknown senders can email them. given that recipients have specified accepted such price, they have determined value for their attention and corresponding price which they are willing receive respond such emails. senders will able see the price which someone willing read respond their email. sender decides send email for given price, then they have judged the value the recipient's attention response worth the cost. several types sender-recipient pairing may find greater value initiating communication with each other via bitbounce. some examples include entrepreneurs contacting investors, salespeople contacting cxos, and recruiters contacting candidates (e.g. engineers). viral marketing effect bitbounce has viral marketing effect via auto-responses, whitelist notifications, and guaranteed response emails. data from early adoption, this effect has been nontrivial. growth fundamentals define active user (au dau) bitbounce user account that meets the following conditions: the user has least one email account. the bitbounce spam filter enabled the user's email account(s). access the user's email account has not been revoked. july can disclose that bitbounce currently has user base active users that growing rate wow and mom. active users have added whitelist members and are now processing over emails per day their behalf. the metric place highest priority active user growth because expect this growth fundamentals the primary cause increased transaction volume and the success our solution bringing about the goal state. figure chart and metrics are july transaction volume the autopilot use case (see ..) has started generating growing transaction volume. the time writing, credo transactions were sent the last hours with attempted credo transactions (logic retry failed transactions such failures from insufficient gas will implemented soon). these early indicators suggest that the enterprise autopilot version bitbounce could the largest driver increasing credo transaction volume. the total volume transactions from other use cases remains low yet promising. reward mechanisms bitbounce stakeholders (contributors and shareholders turing technology, inc) will issued allocation credos proportion their contribution and/or ownership the parent company. participants the token pre-sale and sale will rewarded with credos exchange for financial contributions ether (eth). the early adopter and mainstream groups will rewarded for usage bitbounce. see for more detailed breakdown. proof usage given that credos are implemented the ethereum blockchain, consensus algorithm not needed. however, consensus algorithms usually serve secondary purpose reward function. with this mind, will introducing new reward function called proof usage []. this function will reward actions that constitute usage the bitbounce technology. the following uses bitbounce will rewarded: enable bitbounce email account for specific length time. bitbounce unsolicited email. send guaranteed response email. respond guaranteed response email. add more than one email account. get friends, colleagues, associates adopt bitbounce. actions will rewarded according varied weightings that are set for specific promotional waves (see .). will additionally look into developing algorithmic usage score based the credo transaction graph, though this unfortunately cannot power purely technical credo distribution mechanism because reasons that we'll now address. fraud prevention one problem with proof usage that it's susceptible attack. two significant attack vectors are automating usage that supposed performed human, and having one entity create multiple identities order receive multiple rewards. various reputation and identity systems have been developed deal with this kind problem, yet they remain sufficiently inadequate that purely technical solution does not seem sufficient here. given this, our solution will iterate via series promotional waves proof usage reward scheme that maximizes the likelihood that rewarded actions have the following properties: human performed the rewarded actions. the human rewarded for the actions was not previously rewarded for taking such actions. order achieve these properties, will utilize combination data science detect potential fraud, know your customer (kyc) for certain waves, varied weighting rewards actions, and rewards for combinations patterns actions that would difficult automate. new email standard ultimately, aim distribute credo establishing the token new standard email. will work establish this new standard technologically through developing extensions existing email protocols such smtp and imap. our non-technological standardization efforts will focus developing global recognition and trust credo through transparency, accountability, and continued innovation leadership. new tradition-based norm gift giving ancient, cross-cultural tradition demonstrate respect for elder superior. this custom has been lost with digital relationships, but now credo the modern revival the honorable custom. aim establish new norm grounded ancient tradition which you send credo respect and honor your recipient's time. will seek establish this new norm through marketing campaign that brands credo the token respect(tm) and encourages people send the token respect(tm) []. figure marketing graphic for the send the token respect(tm) campaign token dynamics launch blockchain implementation credo implemented ethereum-based token the ethereum blockchain. credo complies with the erc token standard []. the credo team will closely monitor developments public blockchains. there possibility that development ethereum stagnates the ethereum blockchain becomes less hospitable environment and other alternative blockchains such tezos become more robust, may choose migrate credo another blockchain; such case, all ownership positions would preserved -to-. all public blockchains become infertile grounds for credo, will develop/fork and operate our own blockchain. total supply the total supply credos was determined during the credo pre-sale. billion credos were created total. precise, credos exist. credo account totals are stored the blockchain decimal places, the smallest unit account for credo credo. non-inflation there will inflation credos. the credo smart contract does not permit any new tokens created. division tokens the total supply for credo tokens will divided into four portions. these portions are follows: allocation: the supply will sold the public. justification: this allocation needed order generate funds necessary for further development and marketing credo and bitbounce. the allocation size gives token purchasers meaningful ownership stake the token, and ensures more decentralized distribution credo. portion this supply was sold presale, the total supply will available for sale the main public ico. allocation: reserved for user growth pool. justification: this allocation needed perform the proof usage distribution credo and bootstrap the bitbounce network. allocation: reserved for general company expenses. justification: this allocation needed cover expenses that the company may incur beyond what can covered with the token sale proceeds. for instance, salaries for engineers brought onto the team could paid for credo with fiat purchased with credo from this allocation. allocation: allocated team members/shareholders bitbounce's parent company. justification: this allocation needed reward team members and shareholders for their significant contributions made the development bitbounce and credo, and keep team member's personal incentivizes aligned with the success credo, which important since the continued contributions key persons the team will remain necessary for the foreseeable future. pricing the price credo the token sale will set based valuing the supply the tokens million dollars. following the token sale, the market will set the price based the price traded cryptocurrency exchanges. team stewart dennis the founder and ceo bitbounce. has degree computer science from stanford university and leads all engineering for bitbounce. also the lead engineer for turing cloud (owned and operated the same parent company bitbounce), through which has gained significant expertise email. alexis roizen-dennis leads design and branding for bitbounce. tim draper investor bitbounce and originator the concept. the founding partner draper associates and dfj. community the team will seek foster strong community around credo, and attract community members who can give feedback and evangelize usage the token and product. credo owners facebook group has been set foster discussion and keep owners informed updates. our partners china have set wechat group for chinese credo owners. will also set sub-reddit for credo. will not have slack group/channel because numerous other token slack groups have been subject phishing attacks. compliance the team behind credo working with outside legal counsel ensure full compliance. however, the emerging cryptographic token space sparsely regulated right now. our goal compliant possible within such regulatory environment, and some have raised the possibility that securities regulations could apply. for the question whether they apply, the appropriate framework the howey test established sec howey []. our understanding and interpretation this test that credos not pass because ownership credo does not provide any ownership related rights company, credos are deployed production and have real utility via the bitbounce service, and credos serve distinct function more akin application credits than financial instrument. that said, the contents this document not constitute legal advice and encourage prospective purchasers with concerns consult with attorney. expect the regulatory environment evolve the cryptocurrency space matures and will everything can maintain compliance. risks with any cryptographic token, significant risks exist. these risks include potential failures the still new ethereum platform and with bitbounce technology. prospective token purchasers ought thoroughly assess the involved risks and know that possibilities involving catastrophic failure underlying technology that wipe out token value could happen. these risks will further covered the terms and conditions for the sale. will endeavor mitigate risks relating bitbounce technology through rigorous testing and through using credo bounties for identification security vulnerabilities. will mitigate risks relating the ethereum platform monitoring other options for public blockchains (see .). smart contract the smart contract for credo available github []. order ensure security, the token based the erc standard with minimal deviations coupled with inspiration from other erc tokens such the ethereum token tutorial, the firstblood token, and the bat []. token pre-sale the credo pre-sale took place from june june over million credos were sold for eth. the time writing, approximately the token pre-sale proceeds have been liquidated and primarily used build additional momentum ahead the token sale with smaller portion used for general company expenses. token sale the credo token sale taking place july approximately the total supply credos will sold the token sale. instructions how participate will released the bitbounce website, emailed bitbounce users, and broadcast through various media channels. use proceeds the token sale proceeds will primarily used three areas: improving the bitbounce service through product improvements, recruiting vips for email access, customer support, partnerships, etc. acquiring market share through additional viral growth mechanisms, paid marketing, advertising, pr, etc. defending against threats via security enhancements, use encryption, proactive defense against any advanced persistent threats, protecting our trademarks and the our inventions, etc. executing the above, will expand the team. will build out small yet elite engineering team join stewart along with number other hires for areas such marketing, business development, and customer service. detailed budget has been developed, yet some flexibility will factored into the planned expenditures based evolving needs. references bitbounce service. url: https://bitbounce.io email statistics report, the radicati group, inc. url: http://www.radicati.com/wp/wp-content/uploads///email-statisticsreport---executive-summary.pdf what the real impact spam business? url: https://www.topsec.com/it-security-news-and-info/what-is-the-real-impact-ofspam-on-business "spam costing businesses per employee each year." nucleus research, n.d. url: https://nucleusresearch.com/press/nucleus-research-spam-costing-usbusinesses--per-employee-each-year/ "nd annual spam report." nucleus research, n.d. url: https://nucleusresearch.com/press/nd-annual-spam-report-cost-of-spam-morethan-doubled-in-past-year-to--annually-per-employee/ emerson, (). "social exchange theory". annual review sociology. url: http://www.annualreviews.org/doi/./annurev.so... future imperfect, slicing spam. david friedman. url: https://www.amazon.com/dp/bgcucls/ref=dp-kindleredirect?_encoding=utf&btkr= turing cloud complete saas suite that you can run your business on. includes numerous email-related products such email client, email marketing system, sales email tracking functionality, and email analytics. url: https://www.turing-cloud.com cyrus khajvandi, cryptocurrency expert who consulted the development credo, coined the proof usage term. rep the block: next generation reputation system based the blockchain. url: http://www.theblockchain.com/docs/a%next%generation%reputation%system%based %on%the%blockchain.pdf token respect(tm) and send the token respect(tm) are trademarks bitbounce via turing technology, inc. with all rights reserved. create your own crypto-currency with ethereum. url: https://www.ethereum.org/token what the erc ethereum token standard? url: https://themerkle.com/what-is-the-erc-ethereum-token-standard/ sec howey co. u.s. (). url: https://supreme.justia.com/cases/federal/us///case.html credo token crowdsale github repository. url: https://github.com/turinginc/credo-token-crowdsale github repository for bat smart contract code. url: https://github.com/brave-intl/basic-attention-tokencrowdsale/tree/master/contracts