crowdvilla white paper version: ... last update: aug seller token name crowdvilla ltd crowdvilla token project token ticker crowdvilla.io crv and crowd sponsor sale dates gbx grid icomain (broctagon technologies limited) pre: august public: september powered table contents disclaimer introduction mission token point system market opportunities market size benefits the community shifting power the community through decentralization non-profit organisation: transparency value platform scalability and growth the crowdvilla model token sales token sale platform token sale distribution asset acquisition life cycle asset acquisition principles property selection property acquisition methods operational infrastructure property booking system community interactions key players the crowdvilla ecosystem points based economy crowdvilla's token and point point generation mechanics zet mechanics, bonus multipliers, distribution points examples point generation and lock-up periods, self sustaining model points stabilizer, ancillary vip token (rei token) future refinement token mechanics initial token sale token generation rate soft cap and goal, duration, bonus tokens spillover, points special generation event, rei giveaway allocation budget token sale summary target markets visual concept technology token sale platform smart contract source code point generation smart contract roadmap key risks mitigations legal structure external audit audit committee annual (or more frequent) reporting securities regulations key fact sheet team, advisors, partners associations contact disclaimer all information and materials contained this document are provided for informational purposes only and are subject change any time. reitech pte ltd ("reidao") may, behalf crowdvilla ltd non-profit organisation) ("crowdvilla") add information to, remove amend any information and/or material contained this document any time and its sole discretion with notice. this document and all information contained herein not directed intended for use any person resident located any jurisdiction where the distribution such information contrary the laws such jurisdiction; such distribution prohibited without obtaining the necessary licenses authorizations reidao crowdvilla and such licenses authorizations have not been obtained. products and services described herein may not eligible for sale available residents certain countries certain categories purchasers. please consult the applicable terms and conditions such sales restrictions key specific notes for further information once the final documents may available. information materials contained herein should construed solicitation, offer recommendation, buy sell any products services, regardless those products and services are viewed purchasers themselves investable non-investable assets, execute any transactions conclude any legal act any kind whatsoever. the materials should not regarded recipients substitute for the exercise their own judgment. any opinions are subject change with notice and may differ contrary opinions expressed another context result using different assumptions and criteria. purchasing other decisions should made solely based the contents information found this document. when making decision about purchases, purchasers should seek the advice legal other relevant professional advisor qualified expert. purchasers have the utmost duty conduct their own research that products and services described herein are not deemed securities, investment other financial instruments with respect all jurisdictions relevant their purchasing decisions. reidao crowdvilla does not guarantee that active secondary market will necessarily developed for the crowdvilla tokens. new entity well the issuer the tokens, reidao and crowdvilla does not have operating history prior this project. reidao crowdvilla does not provide advice investment, legal tax nature and nothing herein should construed being financial, legal, tax other advice. reidao crowdvilla does not represent that any products and services discussed herein are suitable for any purchaser who may may not wish purchase. this document may contain statements that constitute "forward-looking statements". while these forward-looking statements may represent judgment and future expectations reidao crowdvilla, number risks, uncertainties and other important factors could cause actual developments and results differ materially from those judgement and future expectations. reidao crowdvilla will give its update alter its forward-looking statements whether result new information, future events, otherwise, whenever appropriate. this document may contain third-party content links reference third-party websites. these content and links are provided solely for your convenience and information. reidao crowdvilla has control over, does not assume any responsibility for and does not make any warranties representations to, any third-party content websites, including but not limited to, the accuracy, subject matter, quality timeliness. reidao crowdvilla, any, the applicable third-party owner, retains all right, title and interest (including copyrights, trademarks, patents, well any other intellectual property other right) all information and content (including all text, data, graphics and logos) this document. individual pages and/or sections this document may printed for personal internal use only, and provided that such printouts retain all applicable copyright other proprietary notices, including this disclaimer. reidao crowdvilla has taken all reasonable care ensure that the facts stated this document are true and accurate all material respects, and that there are other facts the omission which would make misleading any statement the document, whether facts opinion. reidao crowdvilla accepts responsibility accordingly. gbx limited not responsible for the content accuracy the whitepaper the conduct the token sale any way, and that neither admission nor the approval the whitepaper pursuant the token sale rules constitutes warranty representation gbx limited the competence reidao crowdvilla, its service providers any other party connected with the project, the token the token sale, the adequacy information contained the whitepaper the suitability the project the token for any purpose; and gbx limited will not liable for any false, inaccurate, inappropriate incomplete information contained the whitepaper. risk factors regulatory risks "token" crypto-asset currently unregulated instrument, such high degree uncertainty exists how this instrument might treated the future. crowdvilla does not give any warranty that the current regulatory regime will not change and that crowdvilla tokens will remain unaffected any regulatory changes the future. crowdvilla and its affiliates are not regulated under any regulatory body singapore. specifically crowdvilla and its affiliates are not registered with mas singapore financial institutions, financial advisors, any other regulated activities under the securities and futures act, financial advisors act, and other related regulations. crowdvilla does not have any fiduciary duties towards token holders non-regulated entity. while crowdvilla will strive serve the best interest the token holders, there might cases where other key stakeholders' interest might not aligned with the token holders' interest, which case crowdvilla permitted make decision against the interest the token holders. this means that token holders have limited rights recourse against crowdvilla the event disputes. technology and third parties risks "token" nature recorded blockchain, which itself still very nascent technology, substantial risks exist just owning crowdvilla tokens. crowdvilla does not make any reliability claim regarding the underlying blockchain technology that crowdvilla token will created such things are beyond crowdvilla's control. the manner which "token" will created, transferred, and kept, will also likely involved third parties, such wallets (software hardware), and exchanges. crowdvilla does not represent assure that can prevent external factors from having direct indirect impact token holders. crowdvilla not responsible for any risk involving third parties, before, during and after the token sale, such incompatibility wallets, third-party fraud security breach, which may incur some all losses the tokens purchased. introduction mission crowdvilla aims provide true sharing its global portfolio hotels and holiday properties the blockchain. based the concept the common good, crowdvilla's community pool their resources acquire properties together for their shared use. our introduction video here: https://youtu.be/yryldoaqfx the portfolio would ideally occupy the casual luxury segment that has broad appeal internationally-mobile businesses and holiday travellers. crowdvilla will operate non-profit organisation (npo) that combines blockchain technology and real estate utility tokenization provide attractive key features its community and users. token-point system the crowdvilla platform uses token-point system with the following native digital assets: feature official name symbol (ticker) token crowdvilla token (crv token) ("crv") point crowdpoint token (crowd token) ("crowd") each crowdvilla token (crv) denotes share time-value for the use all properties the crowdvilla portfolio. crv holders earn crowdpoint tokens (crowd) perpetuity (i.e. ongoing basis for long the portfolio exists). crowd tokens are used book stays the properties. the number crowd tokens generated proportional the number crv tokens held and the length the holding period. _________________________________________ time-value the sum all daily rental values within the crowdvilla portfolio over time-horizon choice. market opportunities market size (source: world travel tourism council report) crowdvilla operates the accommodation segment the travel and tourism industry (t&t), which behemoth the global economy. according the world travel tourism council (wttc), the t&t sector had global gdp impact us$. trillion which about one-third (us$. trillion) was its direct contribution. the world bank data shows that international tourism receipts increased around from us$. trillion us$. trillion the t&t sector's global gdp impact was larger than those other sectors such chemicals, automotive manufacturing, agriculture, mining, and banking. most the t&t sector's gdp contributions came from sub-sectors such accommodation, catering, entertainment, and transportation. gdp from t&t estimated grow per annum between above the average expected for the total global economy. _________________________________________ "world summary world travel and tourism council." https://www.wttc.org/-/media/files/reports/benchmark-reports/regional-reports-/world.pdf. accessed jan. "world development indicators world bank databank." http://databank.worldbank.org/data/reports.aspx?source=&series=st.int.rcpt.cd&country=. accessed jan. usd (source: hotel industry report suevio) the growth the t&t sector has had positive effect the accommodation segment. suevio estimated that annual global hotel revenues have grown around from us$ billion us$ billion equivalent growth rate per annum. key growth drivers the t&t accommodation segment going forward include: changing demographics the increasing number millennials worldwide are changing the t&t landscape. according the boston consulting group, millennials are more likely travel for leisure than other age groups, and they are also more likely have travel apps their smartphones. goldman sachs calls millennials "one the largest generations history", and pew research shares that millennials have overtaken baby boomers terms population size the since many millennials prioritize experience-based consumption and express personal values over brands; they prefer access products through sharing instead direct ownership. healthy global economic growth according the world bank, the estimated global gdp growth .%, the highest since global gdp growth forecast edge emerging and developing economies are, average, forecast grow around powerhouses china and india are forecast grow and respectively, and china already the world's largest source international tourists. technology technological advancements continue lower the costs travel for great majority the transparency travel-related marketplaces increases, and the fuel-efficiency levels aircrafts and other vehicles improve, leading lower costs for transport providers. _________________________________________ "hotel industry report suevio." https://www.suevio.com/hotel-industry-report. accessed jan. "traveling with millennials bcg." https://www.bcg.com/documents/file.pdf. accessed jan. "millennials infographic goldman sachs." http://www.goldmansachs.com/our-thinking/pages/millennials/. accessed jan. "millennials overtake baby boomers america's largest generation ...." apr. http://www.pewresearch.org/fact-tank////millennials-overtake-baby-boomers/. accessed jan. "global economic prospects world bank group." http://www.worldbank.org/en/publication/global-economic-prospects. accessed jan. benefits the community shifting power the community through decentralization crowdvilla provides hassle-free, branded travel accommodation experience that operated professional vendors (at least initially before truly capable and decentralized community place). this solves the problem quality inconsistency that plagues many semi-decentralised property-sharing platforms. crowdvilla does not compete with the existing landlord-tenant business model. instead, crowdvilla represents paradigm shift from the centralized, landlord-tenant business model decentralized, blockchain-enabled, community asset model. crowdvilla's decentralized model strives create these benefits: secure, efficient transparent freedom control fairness equity secure simple bookings free own many tokens you can afford true sharing know what you get decentralized all units blockchain middleman trade one rule for all (smart contract) not renting non-profit organisation: transparency value crowdvilla will operate company limited guarantee non-profit organisation ("npo") that allowed conduct commercial activities singapore (where based). the npo structure allows crowdvilla provide its community with: public reporting npo, crowdvilla public entity with public reporting obligations. public reporting facilitates community-based monitoring, and makes crowdvilla accountable for all financial and management decisions. value for money all products and services offered through crowdvilla can delivered the community cost prices. end-users can enjoy better value for their pooled contributions, unlike the traditional hotel business model that built around profits for shareholders. platform scalability and growth the blockchain-based platform scalable allow crowdvilla rapidly add new properties and manage any increase token holders. adding new properties and user identities simply requires the creation new tokens and adding new transactions the blockchain. organic growth the portfolio possible using excess reserves built over time buy new properties and increase the total time-value the entire portfolio. appreciation the value assets portfolio can offer opportunities optimise the portfolio further increase the volume and value rental units available within the portfolio. the crowdvilla model overview the crowdvilla model comprises real estate utility tokenization, which involves the community pooling resources during token sale and the subsequent acquisition properties for shared use, and the crowdvilla economy that revolves around the use crowd its operations. asset tokenization token sales asset acquisition operational infrastructure community interactions crowdvilla economy token sales token sale platform (gbx grid) the token sale platform allows for token buyers register and get whitelisted contribute eth crowdvilla part the pooling resources. approved contributors will receive newly generated crowdvilla tokens ("crv"). debut tokens from the initial token sale will priced discussed the "initial token sale" section. token sale distribution the initial token sale for crowdvilla (see "initial token sale" section for more details) will herald the debut the crowdvilla tokens. future token sales will conducted fund more purchases properties broaden crowdvilla's mission for community true property sharers. during each token sale, portion the crowdvilla tokens will distributed reidao, the technology partner that provides key technology services crowdvilla. the table below shows the proposed distribution the crowdvilla tokens the crowdvilla community (token holders) and reidao during the initial token sale and future token sales: token sale crowdvilla community reidao total initial token sale distribution) future token sales distribution) asset acquisition crowdvilla's resident asset manager (pacific star development) will responsible for all decisions acquire properties with the funds raised from the token sales. the portfolio will include houses, apartments, apartment blocks, and hotels. the diagram below lists the processes which crowdvilla undertakes acquire the properties. life cycle asset acquisition screen shortlist: asset manager and advisors follow the principles property selection guidelines (found the section below) screen and shortlist properties after initial viewings. deal execution: the team with the intention acquire relevant properties enters the sale process exclusive bilateral basis via auction. this process includes exercising due diligence (technical, structural, financial, commercial, regulatory and legal), initial terms negotiations, price valuations and the submission price offers. final execution (negotiation): the purchase price and final terms the sales and purchase agreement (spa), including relevant indemnities, guarantees and other items, are negotiated and finalised before the spa signed. acquire asset: once all relevant requirements are satisfied, the asset manager authorises payments acquire the property. principles property selection below are the guidelines property selection that will ensure value the crowdvilla community: local regulations every market has its own regulations for hotels residential leasing. some markets may not allow outright foreign real estate investments. the asset manager will determine the most viable operational model for each market. high risk jurisdictions markets which are significantly exposed terrorist organizations are high risk violent conflicts are excluded from any selections. this list viable jurisdictions will cross-checked with various watchlists such the united nations sanctions list, the watchlist children and armed conflict, and the european union sanctions list. natural disasters countries along the ring fire are some the hottest tourist destinations but they are exposed volcanoes and earthquakes. for example, the indonesian island bali, which has doubled its annual tourist arrivals from million million since has seen threats volcanic eruptions that can have catastrophic effect the tourism industry. losses from destruction properties natural disasters will mitigated property insurance contracts. robust due diligence during asset acquisition ensures the properties are insurable and can possibly withstand the impacts natural disasters. _________________________________________ "narrative summaries reasons for listing united nations security ...." https://www.un.org/sc/suborg/en/sanctions//aq_sanctions_list/summaries. accessed jan. "countries watchlist watchlist children and armed conflict." http://watchlist.org/countries/. accessed jan. "european union restrictive measures (sanctions)." aug. https://eeas.europa.eu/sites/eeas/files/restrictive_measures---.pdf. accessed jan. "ring fire wikipedia." https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ring_of_fire. accessed jan. "statistics dinas pariwisata." http://www.disparda.baliprov.go.id/en/statistics. accessed jan. "indonesia volcano: mount agung eruption closes bali's ... cnn.com." nov. http://www.cnn.com////asia/mount-agung-eruption-bali-indonesia/index.html. accessed jan. land registration system and restrictions use many countries currently adopt the torrens title system (in which the state grants the landowner indefeasible right the land), which favorable for crowdvilla, particularly cases where structures need built from the ground up. even with the rights the land, the asset manager will need thoroughly understand any use limitations urban planning restrictions that are applicable the properties. this will require advice from local real estate consultants. capital appreciation and rental yields high potential capital appreciation and rental yield may indicate robust and growing real estate market, thus ensuring that the property will not become redundant during its operational years. the asset manager may need work with local real estate consultants determine the number properties and prices pay for different types properties each market. tenure restrictions for any leasehold properties, the lease must long enough recover the capital and cost capital for purchasing the property over its lifespan based on, but not limited to, discounted cash flow analysis. all properties that fit these considerations will acquired fully cash without any leverage, i.e. construction loans, payment loans mortgages since leverage can amplify the downsides cash flows due potential economic, political and other risks. lack leverage reduces the number properties that can acquired. property acquisition methods standard case crowdvilla provides eth/fiat payment currency for legal ownership property from the seller. token swap crowdvilla uses tokens payment currency for legal ownership property from the seller. crv tokens synthetic purchase crowdvilla uses tokens payment currency for property rights assigned the owner (not legal ownership). the owner may buy back the property rights the market value the property. crv tokens operational infrastructure property booking system the property booking system ("pbs") provided reidao will automate various functions including online bookings, inventory optimization (bedstock allocation and dynamic pricing stays), and record-keeping (of financial and operational data for reporting and management purposes). managers operations manager will oversee the overall operations while accounts manager will perform financial and commercial analysis the properties and strategies improve occupancy rates. over time, crowdvilla will broaden its managerial roles meet the needs its growing operations. for instance, there may need for community manager who communicates updates the community customer service manager manage any disputes. third-party vendors professionally contracted vendors will perform actual ground operations (housekeeping, maintenance, customer support and concierge services) line with crowdvilla's vision targeting the casual luxury segment. the future, individuals with verifiable skills (selected token holders based "proof reputation") can replace these vendors flexible assignments fully decentralised manner. community interactions key players the crowdvilla ecosystem the table below shows the different stakeholders the crowdvilla ecosystem: stakeholders interactions acquires and operates hotels and holiday properties. crowdvilla pays vendors, other costs and taxes. supports community efforts. reidao token holders public vendors provides technology platforms for token sale, asset tokenization and operational infrastructure. earn crowd the crv held book for stays. trade crv and crowd desired amounts held for their needs book for stays and pay with fiat (which will used buy the necessary crowd) for their bookings. provide ground operations services. points-based economy token holders and crowdvilla receive generated crowdpoint tokens (crowd) from crowdvilla tokens (crv). the table below shows the distribution the generated crowd points: stakeholders allocation crowd generated crv token holders crowdvilla npo crowdvilla operation partners reidao technology partner total stays crowdvilla properties are priced crowd and can only booked with crowd. crowd are burned after the stays are completed. booking stays trading exchanges send crowd app user receive booking confirmation app (crowd burned after stay) user exchange crowdvilla's token and point token details the table below summarises the key features the two native digital assets, crowdvilla token (crv) and crowdpoint token (crowd). feature token point crowdvilla token crowdpoint token ("crv") ("crowd") crvtoken.eth crowdpoint.eth real estate utility generator token utility token purpose enables generation crowd. reflects the owner's share time-value crowdvilla properties enables booking crowdvilla properties and services lifespan perpetuity single use. crowd are burned after use. initial supply depends initial token sale depends quantity crowdvilla tokens future supply depends the portfolio size generated perpetuity crv owners crowdvilla asset value net liabilities divided the number tokens outstanding extrapolated from rental prices crowd and fiat market price decimal places decimal places logo official name symbol (ticker) contract address type fundamental value divisibility real world link the fundamental value crv and crowd are derived from real world values. the value crv linked the total value the portfolio properties because crv token holders will have the utility rights the underlying properties within crowdvilla's portfolio. the value crowd linked the market price the daily rental the properties because the price listed crowdvilla's platform will crowd which will create two-way soft peg between crowd price and daily rental rate. for example: the price room crowd per night, and the price similar room the market (on other platforms) usd per night, then there will soft-peg created between those values. point generation mechanics zero ether transaction (zet) mechanics token holders will earn crowd the crv held performing zero eth transaction (zet). crv holders can choose lock-up their crv for -month, -month -month period. during the lock-up period, crv cannot tradable but will generate crowd. once the lock-up period has elapsed, the crv become tradable again. token owners can repeat the zet earn more crowd. bonus multipliers the generation rates crowd are subject bonus multipliers that reward crv holders for longer lock-up periods. these bonus multipliers are detailed the table examples below. distribution points the crowd generated will distributed immediately once the zet triggered and the crv are locked-up. the balance crowd will distributed monthly instalment(s) such that the last instalment falls the last day the lock-up period. examples crowd generation and lock-up periods option choice choice choice month months months crv crv crv crowd crowd crowd month months months crowd crowd crowd crowd crowd crowd crowdvilla npo allocation (%) crowd crowd crowd crowdvilla operation partner (%) crowd crowd crowd reidao technology partner (%) crowd crowd crowd token holder's allocation (%) crowd crowd crowd distribution (day crowd crowd crowd distribution (month crowd crowd crowd distribution (month crowd crowd distribution (month crowd crowd distribution (month crowd distribution (month crowd distribution (month crowd lock period tokens locked (crv) base monthly crowd generation rate* month(s) base point generated multiplier rate total generated points note: this table aims show the different mechanisms the point generation with different lock-up periods. this the base rate crowd generation. self-sustaining model crowdvilla operates self-sustaining model that does not require further infusions from crv holders pay for expenses. crowd tokens generated from crv tokens held partners may converted into fiat pay for operational costs such salaries, taxes, and other operational expenses (housekeeping, maintenance, concierge services). excess fiat crowd after expenses will used invest upgrades. ground operations utilities services and resources operate properties taxes (crowd may converted fiat necessary) staff costs etc points stabilizers the generation rate crowd can vary different dates which zet performed ensure fair marketplace for the crowd. smart contracts allow platform administrators change inputs that influence the base generation rate for crowd, bonus multipliers, and distribution periods crowd. these inputs are subject supply-demand stabilization algorithms manage volatility the value crowd, taking into account: the expected total crowd generated day cover advance booking needs the velocity circulation crowd within the crowdvilla economy ancillary vip token (rei token) reidao, the platform builder crowdvilla, will generate vip tokens known rei tokens. although rei tokens are not native crowdvilla, holders rei can earn rebates the crowd used book for their hotel stays. percentage rebates are subject the number rei they hold, shown the table below. membership tier rei lock-up crowd rebate tier rei tier rei tier rei please see https://reidao.io/reitoken.pdf for more details. future refinement platform parameters crowdvilla will make future refinement the platform parameters required. crowdvilla will monitor, review and optimize its overall cost base for the community's benefit. its obligations public reporting facilitates transparency this agenda. the crowd retained monetized crowdvilla will ultimately still contribute the reference value the asset tokens, thus benefiting crv holders. polling for decisions the tokens are utility tokens, they not come with voting rights that are similar equity shares. the latter are bona fide securities, which the tokens are not. however, drive the decentralisation agenda, crowdvilla will run non-binding polling mechanism with token holders (in manner carbon-vote like mechanism) consultation for considerations key decisions such purchase properties for the community, appointments operational vendors and other material decisions. initial token sale overview the initial token sale pool contributions from the community kickstart crowdvilla's portfolio the first official engagement between the community and crowdvilla. the token sale will compliant with applicable laws singapore and other markets such hong kong, japan, thailand, and germany. the initial token sale offers one-off sweeteners token bonus, special one-off points generation event, and special one-off rei giveaway (discussed further later sections). the diagram below shows one-time special case for the initial token sale, which reidao will issue rei for free participants: crowdvilla will use eth the main cryptocurrency for the token sale. the minimum participation amount for the token sale will eth. every participant will receive base rate crv, crowd and rei tokens return for each eth contributed. all tokens are locked until the end the token sale. basic token generation rate for initial token sale during the initial token sale, eth contributed crv (before bonuses) crowd (before bonuses) rei. the price the eth per market rate. soft cap and goal the initial token sale, the soft cap eth, meaning, contributions will returned amount total proceeds less than the soft cap amount. during this sale, the goal eth, meaning the last contribution hit cross the goal amount will stop the sale process immediately. the last contribution will accepted whole, there possibility for spillover above the goal. duration the pre sale and public token sale the pre sale duration august and the public sale duration september the initial token sales will held https://grid.gbx.gi/. bonus tokens pre sale contributors will eligible receive bonus top the basic token generation rate. the pre sale duration august contributors who contribute september the public token sale will eligible receive bonus top the basic token generation rate. eg: for eth, the contributor will receive crv instead crv. contributors who contribute september the public token sale, will not eligible for any bonus tokens. special one-off points generation event the end the initial token sale, participants will get the same number crowdpoint tokens (crowd) for the crowdvilla tokens (crv) they receive. this one-off event intended create market buffer for crowd availability. special one-off rei giveaway one-off gesture appreciation for early supporters the initial token sale help kickstart crowdvilla, reidao will give away free rei tokens all participants based their contribution amounts eth. for every eth contributed, reidao will allocate rei the contributor. for more information rei, see www.reidao.io/reitoken.pdf allocation budget the initial token sale focused towards asset acquisitions. there lock period for these allocations. mentioned under the token sale distribution section, reidao will allocated total tokens generated with respect the initial token sale. the amount tokens will only determined after the total amount tokens generated for participants known. the tokens for reidao will used for marketing, development, operations, advisory, key management, audits, maintenance and other related expenses. below lists the distribution the utilisation the eth raised. token sale summary crowdvilla ltd uen: seller address: temasek boulevard, #-, suntec tower two, singapore website project summary ticker https://crowdvilla.io crowdvilla launching initial token sale acquire and operate holiday properties for its community share. crv crv tokens for eth initial public token sale initial token total supply crv crv tokens bonuses total: crv tokens token price per crv crv eth, exclusive transaction fees. minimum purchase amount for initial public token sale crv eth. initial token sale date pre sale august public sale september accepted payment eth transfer smart contract address stated https://crowdvilla.io distribution date october official date announced. blocked countries australia, malaysia use contributions token distribution target markets for operations target markets crowdvilla will target mainly properties indonesia, japan, malaysia and thailand from the proceeds the token sale. these locations are generally popular with the asia pacific travellers for whom, the initial marketing spare capacity the properties (fiat-paying public) will focus. holiday homes disclaimer: this one the shortlisted property bali, indonesia, which, purchased, would made available for token holders. this not representation the average standard properties under crowdvilla's portfolio. crowdvilla aims purchase variety properties with different levels luxury. disclaimer: this one the shortlisted property bali, indonesia, which, purchased, would made available for token holders. this not representation the average standard properties under crowdvilla's portfolio. crowdvilla aims purchase variety properties with different levels luxury. disclaimer: this one the shortlisted property bali, indonesia, which, purchased, would made available for token holders. this not representation the average standard properties under crowdvilla's portfolio. crowdvilla aims purchase variety properties with different levels luxury. disclaimer: this one the shortlisted property bali, indonesia, which, purchased, would made available for token holders. this not representation the average standard properties under crowdvilla's portfolio. crowdvilla aims purchase variety properties with different levels luxury. disclaimer: this one the shortlisted property bali, indonesia, which, purchased, would made available for token holders. this not representation the average standard properties under crowdvilla's portfolio. crowdvilla aims purchase variety properties with different levels luxury. technology crowdvilla developed initially the ethereum blockchain, with utilization its smart contracts and the erc token standard. this section contains the flowcharts for the various smart contracts that are used crowdvilla and explains how the token sale interacts with smart contracts and the token sale platform. nonetheless, crowdvilla and reidao are principle network-agnostic and may transfer other networks subject scalability requirements. should this happen will snapshot the current token holder addresses, and will allocate the same number tokens the new chain. token sale platform (gbx grid) the token sale will done through gbx grid. smart contract source code crowdvilla smart contracts are developed with solidity version ... they will deployed ethereum mainnet (public network). the source code available https://github.com/reidao/crowdvilla-token-sale point generation smart contract mentioned before, crowdvilla token (crv) holders can activate zet (zero ether transaction) generate crowdpoint tokens (crowd) from their crv. the crowd generation smart contract flowchart shown below: roadmap key risks mitigations addition variety issues discussed above, the following table outlines other risks considered: risks mitigants legacy claims historical claims related the property will likely limited previous owner crowdvilla only conducts purchases un-mortgaged properties. necessary, further indemnities and guarantees would secured the spa during the acquisition process. reversal synthetic asset acquisitions buy back full rights the property, the legal asset owner must deliver crowdvilla sufficient tokens with value equal fair value the property (plus any, exit penalties and costs). those tokens will extinguished and would not dilute other token holders. volatility price crowd fiat clear pricing crowd for each room will create two-way softpeg between crowd and the market value each room fiat, reducing the volatility crowd. commence legal structure crowdvilla based and regulated (as non-profit organisation) singapore, which has structurally stronger regulatory enforcement regime than traditional offshore locations. crowdvilla has the sole mandate facilitating the utilization shared holiday properties within its portfolio. commence the crowdvilla npo the legal vehicle own and maintain the properties under the portfolio. npo there will shareholder who will benefit directly from crowdvilla. all surpluses will retained directly the npo, and used expand its asset footprint across its global network for the benefit its community. there way create fully decentralized platform with community-owned assets this point. using npo structure close approximation such decentralized utopia. operating npo highly regulated jurisdiction such singapore also demonstrates crowdvilla's willingness meet legal obligations demanded country with reputation for incorruptibility and just governance. external audit audit committee the npo will subject external audit its financial and overall operational activities. audit committee will also place oversee decisions made the board directors and the executive director. annual (or more frequent) reporting highlighted the national council nonprofits, "annual reports can used highlight nonprofit's mission and impact". this valuable principle for crowdvilla. crowdvilla will consult other npos set framework for its reporting activities. the reports will made available online and when they are available. securities regulations crowdvilla has obtained legal opinions several jurisdictions (singapore, hong kong, japan, thailand, and germany) that the crv and crowd tokens have low risks being classified securities. part the reasoning that the tokens not confer any legal ownership rights the underlying real estate, and are purely enabling the use the properties. these opinions may provide some comfort participants who wish contribute the project. timeshare not regulated financial activity singapore. therefore, neither crowdvilla nor its affiliates are currently regulated subject the supervision any regulatory body singapore. particular, crowdvilla and its affiliates are not registered with the monetary authority singapore (mas) any type regulated financial institution financial advisor and are not subject the standards imposed upon such persons under the securities and futures act, financial advisors act, and other related regulatory instruments. crv and crowd tokens are "medium exchange" crowdvilla only. they are not intended regulated financial products any kind. key fact sheet crowdvilla ltd seller uen: address: temasek boulevard, #-, suntec tower two, singapore website https://crowdvilla.io organisation's member(s) reitech pte ltd (reidao) key stakeholders darvin kurniawan, hendrik tanjaya tan, david chandra, neo kok beng asset management partner pacific star development (award-winning property developer asean countries and sgx-listed company) smart contract auditor new alchemy monthly progress updates https://crowdvilla.io/category/progress-updates/ technical repository https://github.com/reidao communication channel email: connect@crowdvilla.io telegram: https://t.me/reidao team neo kok beng co-founder, chairman neo kok beng award-winning technology entrepreneur and venture catalyst, specializing the technology commercialization research and inventions from universities and research institutes into high-growth and highly scalable companies. his innovative "global-oriented ventures" have won numerous international and local awards, including the president's design award (), nus promising startups and the government for innovation initiative (). currently adjunct associate professor nus and faculty for innovations harvard, stanford and tsinghua universities. has successfully licensed products international companies, and has achieved more than usd million valuations for his portfolio. has built portfolio highly-scalable and global companies with deep-science the areas biomedical, financial and space technologies through unique acceleration program that "globalbusiness world-class" approach. currently the co-founder and chairman reidao pte ltd, well the co-founder/director awak technologies, technology spin-off from ucla that developing the platform technology for sorbent-based dialysis generation and the world peritoneal-based automated wearable artificial kidney. has catalysed several high-tech ventures the medtech, fintech, spacetech and consumer lifestyle industries. was previously involved non-executive role with failed printer start-up called pirated. uncertainty the supply-chain and manufacturing process and development ultimately contributed its demise. darvin kurniawan co-founder, ceo darvin the ceo reidao and crowdvilla. successful serial entrepreneur with more than years experience multiple countries with ilodge.sg and studi rusia name few. graduate from the national university singapore, known "the idea and execution guy". darvin big supporter social entrepreneurship and also passionate about blue ocean strategy. strives include bos thinking his daily decision-making process. (bos has helped create nintendo wii, and air asia, among other great things.) darvin has been invited panels many blockchain and real estate events, including malaysia property show property strata conference travel tech con and many more. early member access and sgtech, darvin the committee for blockchain rulings with the monetary authority singapore well participant the iso committee for spring singapore. darvin noteworthy contributor the singapore blockchain space. team david chandra co-founder, coo david the co-founder and coo reidao and crowdvilla. with years experience the real estate industry, david taps his knowledge come with new ideas and solutions that add value the way people live. david has also co-founded izemu, indonesia-based design house that specialises solid wood furniture and everyday lifestyle products. david graduate the national university singapore, with bachelor computing, e-commerce. hendrik tanjaya tan co-founder, cto hendrik the co-founder and cto reidao and crowdvilla. before co-founding crowdvilla, hendrik held various consulting roles the telecommunications industry with nokia, alcatel-lucent, techmahindra, singtel, and accenture. has acquired years experience working with teams from emea and apac, with major engagements singapore, sydney, jakarta, riyadh, and london. expert leadership, software development, project management, infrastructure, technical consultancy both small and large projects. with bachelor computing from the national university singapore, hendrik well equipped with the technological knowledge and experience develop the technical teams and infrastructure for crowdvilla support global presence. team tan wee liang prof. advisor (legal) professor tan full-time faculty member and associate professor strategic management the lee kong chian school business, singapore management university. professor tan prolific researcher and writer, with over journal articles and books published. his areas expertise include entrepreneurship, corporate management, small and medium-sized enterprises, corporate governance, family businesses, and strategic alliances. besides research and writing, professor tan has been invited many talks and conducted multiple panels. vanessa koh chief product vanessa koh techpreneur and start-up specialist who partners with c-suite executives engineer the best customer-centric products and deliver multimillion dollar revenues. vanessa has started tech start-ups since she has worked the capacities ceo, cto, and cmo, and experienced growing team within months. she recruits and mentors the brightest talents and works with partners around south east asia for saas infrastructure, software and web applications development, enterprise resource planning systems, smart contract, blockchain, public relations tech, internet marketing, blockchain and crypto communities. her past clients include accenture, spring singapore, and hundreds small and medium enterprises. vanessa believes that continuous self-learning, small and quick iterative improvements, and hands-on execution are the driving forces grow start-ups fast. she applies lean start-up and game theory concepts her work. vanessa holds bachelor computer science game design from the university wollongong. advisors darren chua asset management advisor vp, pacific star development darren chua the vice-president (legal) pacific star development. also co-founder fairway resources, private investment holding company based singapore with projects and investments across the asean region. graduate from the national university singapore double degree programme with degrees law and business administration, darren began his career practicing law singapore. was previously corporate lawyer specializing mergers acquisitions and corporate finance two leading singapore law firms. his areas expertise include corporate structuring, business strategy and project management. darren has been and continues involved wide range projects across industries, ranging from property development, real estate advice, legal work, commodities, business consultancy, trading and financial technology. firm believer utilizing holistic approach create value for all stakeholders his projects (both commercially and socially), darren continually seeks inject creativity, zeal and fun into his work. also enjoys networking and learning from people across all industries and backgrounds. paul chen real estate advisor, asia director, realfoundations paul chen lead managing consultant with realfoundations with years real estate experience north america and asia. paul has worked with some the largest real estate investors, developers, and operators asia and the middle east. has helped real estate companies improve operating platforms and enhance performance through optimizing business processes, organizational capabilities, and technology accelerators. over the past few years, paul has worked with real estate companies develop data models and forward-looking analytics capabilities increase transparency and enhance performance. paul active with industry organizations and frequent presenter real estate conferences. paul has contributed the aprea best practices handbook writing "how to" implementation guide, and has presented the aprea best practices awards. also vice-chairman the china real estate chamber commerce, hong kong chapter, organization devoted bridging business opportunities among greater china real estate businesses. paul has undergraduate degree economics from berkeley and received his mba from the university north carolina. also fluent both mandarin and cantonese. advisors achim jedelsky real estate advisor, europe head processes/it, daimler real estate achim worked architect and project manager germany and the uk, and completed mba vlerick business school belgium before joining daimler real estate berlin where responsible for and processes. initiated the daimler blockchain group and started the berlin chapter the international blockchain real estate association (ibrea). speaker mipim cannes and blockchain expo berlin, promotes innovation real estate with focus blockchain technology. founding member the bundesverband blockchain (german blockchain association), supports the inclusion blockchain and distributed ledger technologies (dtl) the political agenda. achim corporate digital innovator and blockchain enthusiast who uses his experience agile management improve processes and the collaboration between experts various kind. most recently focussing innovating the real estate industry using the advantages blockchain technology. john dean markunas real estate advisor, america leader, land titling working group, government blockchain association john dean markunas the principal consultant for power chain (poc) consultancy, which provides due-diligence services and on-the-ground research identifying and promoting strategic growth opportunities for companies entering the global real estate industry markets with blockchain. john troubleshoots the problems that users are likely have some point their experience the new blockchain related applications and platforms. john has reputation for successfully partnering with clients and helping transform their business, leveraging consulting services reduce costs and risk, and improving the quality product and service performance. john has degree business administration from florida state university. also holds m.b.a. finance and marketing from the university san francisco, ca. has authored numerous articles the latin american and brazilian system real estate conveyance and the use title insurance central and latin america. fluent spanish and portuguese. advisors federico folcia short term accommodation advisor ceo, roomorama. md, powerhouse venture federico folcia and founder powerhouse venture, singapore based innovation firm helping start ups and brick mortar companies leverage technology improve their bottom line and overall efficiency. prior powerhouse venture was the ceo and co-founder roomorama, new york based hospitality company that grew more than million travelers worldwide. well equipped with the knowledge and experience navigating the short-term accommodation industry. federico has also worked for bloomberg and brunswick group both new york and london. chris crypto advisor co-founder, mmcrypto chris graduated economics top his class. his biggest strength are growth accounting and the strict value driven evaluation icos. well documented and track record supports that. anup crypto advisor co-founder, mmcrypto anup mechanical engineering student and blockchain enthusiast. he's very interested the tech aspect projects and analyzes them based their functionality, scalability, and everyday use. motivated shed light the applicability projects and see them long way. kero crypto advisor co-founder, mmcrypto kero's greatest interest the strategic evaluation icos and the professional investment good projects. combines his academically acquired skills international and national business law with his analytical skills the ico area. partners associations contact crowdvilla website: https://crowdvilla.io/ for more updates, subscribe our website and blog https://crowdvilla.io/blog. for more questions, visit https://crowdvilla.io/faq view our complete list faq. please feel free connect with us: https://reddit.com/r/crowdvilla https://t.me/reidao https://medium.com/@crowdvilla https://github.com/reidao https://www.facebook.com/crowdvillaio/ https://twitter.com/crowdvillaio https://www.instagram.com/crowdvillaio/ connect@crowdvilla.io crowdvilla ltd has information disclose under paragraph .(a) the whitepaper guidelines. the gbx market not 'regulated market' defined under the directive markets financial instruments //ec.