white paper announcement: the new yup tokens have been distributed. check contract details before trading anything! https://medium.com/@crowdholding/how-to-claim-your-distributed-tokens-fe mission _problem _solution _market open innovation alternative finance _product description and development stage decentralized open innovation (doi) platform stage decentralized open funding platform (dof) stage marketplace _business model profit generation _ico details role the yup token for crowholding for businesses for supporters token supply token distribution spending allocation ico details token demand liquidity _business development future plans roadmap company history _what makes crowdholding special? _the team executives _legal compliance company registration token compliance disclaimer _appendix digital asset management (dam) platform mission unite global businesses and the public co-creation platform, ensuring prosperity for both. crowdholding _problem more than startups will fail due entirely solvable issues (forbes). founders who faced failure, massive attributed lack market need for the product, while staggering startups fail due lack capital (fortune). c-level execs agreed that their companies were bad identifying problems, most notably their products, often due lack outside perspective (hbr). plenty these companies have great idea, capable team, and even solid company structure. what's often missing the ability build audience something often critical for many modern products function properly. there severe disconnection between companies small large and the public. whether it's validate new product, iterate existing one. there enormous untapped potential, which with the right tools, can leveraged benefit everyone. _solution people around the world are willing validate products, solve problems, and voice their opinions. this great potential simply needs facilitating, and crowdholding designed exactly that, encouraging new wave co-creation. since july the crowdholding team has worked hard build the perfect co-creation platform, attracting hundreds dedicated participants, and dozens interesting startups looking make use the wisdom the crowd. crowdholding enables the public, 'the crowd', help validate, iterate on, build awareness for products services. return, the product service owner rewards the crowd for their activity, building mutually beneficial scenario where businesses and the public are brought closer together, aligning goals rather than merely exploiting one another. this reward process facilitated the crowdholding yup token, and other erc- compatible tokens (including ether itself) allowing value efficiently transferred between parties decentralized manner. eric schmidt says, the next hundred-billion-dollar companies will those who can effectively learn from the crowd. there's new dawn co-creation coming, and crowdholding positioned make impact society much possible. crowdholding _market open innovation "we are seeing the emergence economy the people, the people, for the people'" hbr the most basic change has been shift the role the consumer from isolated connected, from unaware informed, from passive active. the traditional value creation process, companies and customers had distinct roles production and consumption. but this distinction disappears co-creation, forming new customer-to-business (cb) dynamic, where customers are directly engaged production distribution value (academy marketing science). the market expected grow billion (ibisworld). the fintech sector represented the co-creation market, approximately billion. investments fintech companies into this market are growing year over year. increase market adoption, it's essential target unique user segments. our priority blockchain-based businesses, with initial focus the fintech segment, aiming take the fintech co-creation market our next step open the platform ecommerce startups that are related blockchain already. our last step will target all global companies who require capital and support. with many companies being launched every year it's becoming harder for the community engage the right projects and invest their time efficiently. current solutions lack transparency, process integrity and fair appreciation the community's contributions. decentralized open innovation (doi) platform fueled our native yup token custom erc- tokens allows co-creation and exchange ideas crossing the boundaries the close teams and close-minded decision makers. crowdholding, businesses and supporters are paid yup, the interests everyone are aligned. after the businesses build community and verify the concept, they can raise capital via token crowdsale the distributed online funding platform (dof). the dof tackling the alternative finance market described the next section. crowdholding alternative finance the exceptional growth crowdsales makes harder for the community support the right projects. crowdholding wants the businesses increase transparency, validate products and build community the doi platform before launching ico the dof platform. according the "wisdom crowds" phenomenon (jbe), large crowd can provide better assessment the company's potential than groups experts. this means, that average, investors are better off trusting the crowd rather than analysts. hbr expects blockchain startups raise more capital through icos than any other form financing ico crowdsale investments are estimated reach billion raising funds with the ico token crowdsale model notably superior the traditional funding methods, especially for the pre-seed and seed stages. ico crowdfunding angel investor time months weeks weeks weeks/months stage product market fit pre-product pre-product pre-product smart money feedback smart money feedback smart money control board seat none none large equity stake liquidity low high low low vallue added companies require shift perspective. ironically, the key successful online fundraising isn't asking for money. it's not aiming for the wealthy but instead, it's about building and engaging community followers advance. crowdholding helps companies prepare, promote and engage with potential community members before launching their product ico. the doi dof platforms (see next section) mitigate the risks and deals with the volatility the digital asset industry. with the introduction all new technology, the future money and asset management morphs into the new era finance where there much gain from being aware what coming what here. crowdholding _product description and development crowdholding designed facilitate very efficient, and highly productive, communication between businesses and the crowd. its core, crowdholding utilizes primarily text-based exchange between users, whether the users are multi-million dollar companies, members the public with little stake the platform. this type exchange has been refined over years websites which have become important hubs for much the internet, utilizing commenting and voting methods sort content. crowdholding expands this adding reward the activity, giving people even greater incentive participate community. our system revolves around projects, containing tasks for the community interact with: project can almost anything, from entrepreneur with idea, established company. the project summarises the venture, providing context for tasks. task can challenge, discussion, question, anything else which catalyzes discussion the community. content should ideally fun and shareable, but can more technical and challenging. fig example task card this simple but powerful method interaction, which are expanding the near future order better facilitate more complex tasks such ico bounty campaigns. when project joins crowdholding, they buy into the system exchanging mainstream cryptocurrency (currently eth) for our local token yup which functions generic fuel for the crowdholding ecosystem. yup can used the sole reward for completing tasks, they can used supplement for reward crowdholding custom token specified the project being launched. currently facilitate all erc- based tokens, including eth and all eth based derivatives. these processes are all facilitated and secured the ethereum blockchain, while are open developing custom solution the future, this powerful solution for the present. will also explain the further uses the yup, that can used invest businesses, pay for products and services. stage decentralized open innovation (doi) platform crowdholding provides decentralized innovation the sense that aggregate the public view which helps judge the content submitted through tasks. believe that allowing entity steer the community both impacts the validity feedback received, and stifles the potential that community connect with the business productive manner. more technical sense, crowdholding will reward pie ken con tri become decentralized the technology allows while developments dapps progresses. for now, are content have implemented efficient methods value transfer within our platform, via blockchain. businesses supporters nty fig the crowdholding cycle using both the yup token and custom token crowdholding tra ditiona nde nde eur yupies businesses supporters exc hange wallet supporters bank fig how the crowdholding economy connects with the traditional economy exchanges are now commonplace, and have already laid out plans with few good ones. reward with fixed credit system initially our platform follows simple reward structure, whereby companies which join purchase portion yup with which reward active members the community. this has been made more flexible allowing companies use alternative erc- based token reward users. crowdholding fig the most basic reward structure crowdholding transferring yup users. crowdholding fig adding custom tokens reward fig and contrast the addition custom tokens crowdholding. both are quite straightforward reward processes, where the company creates project, and offers some reward the form tokens users, for their participation the community. one the primary purposes for this direct reward system facilitate bounty campaigns, which are particularly helpful for companies utilizing token our main target audience for the moment. this bounty system already live the platform, and are using our yup token pool stimulate some initial projects. crowdholding example project create project example project task: feedback our mvp comment vote crowdholding user crowdholding user sign create task business crowd business crowd deposit assign deposit assign project wallet user wallet project wallet user wallet yup tkn example project yup tkn crowdholding user business crowd project wallet user wallet yup tkn deposit task wallet yup tkn join task wallet yup tkn yup tkn reward wallet cut tkn reward fig how our blockchain solution interacts with the product, covering both yup and custom erc- tokens. fig the basic user journey join, co-create, reward displayed relation our blockchain-wallet structure. the 'join' stage, the example business, has 'project wallet' assigned it, while other users have regular wallets assigned them. the business deposits quantity yup, and potentially their own token into their wallet. during the 'co-create' phase, the business's 'project wallet' deposits specified amount reward for task they launch the 'task wallet'. the 'reward' phase, the 'task wallet' transfers the specified reward the wallets users who participated the task, with small cut custom tokens going the crowdholding wallet nominal fee. crowdholding ii. reward with revenue sharing system the next phase development adds our goal allowing companies pledge share their revenue the crowd scaling reward meaning that the more the crowd helps the company, the greater the success the company, and the greater the success the crowd. this also means that companies can pledging costs which will only apply the future, making easier for early stage companies draw resources, without relying spending time only traditional the venture capital process. fig introducing revenue-share rewards, and how they would play out over time crowdholding fig displays how expect revenue sharing work over time, allowing companies dedicate future resources reward users for their activity. initially the startup pledges their revenue (in this example, but mentioned, are encouraging initial projects our platform share and ideally this will prove the effectiveness the platform, resulting more projects being generous with future revenue. important point consider this stage the return investment for mid-long term commitments like pledging revenue shares something are making sure can measure and communicate effectively with our product. it's crucial that companies can really see how helpful crowdholding them. example project create project example project task: feedback our mvp example project comment vote crowdholding user crowdholding user sign create task business crowd business crowd deposit assign deposit assign project wallet user wallet project wallet user wallet example project crowdholding user business business earns yup revenue project wallet join task wallet yup reward wallet cut business crowd business earns yup revenue user wallet deposit task wallet crowd crowdholding user yup year project wallet user wallet task wallet yup reward wallet cut yup year fig increasing revenue based reward reward year year one the key concepts want apply with crowdholding rewarding people over time with shares revenue, facilitating beneficial relationship between businesses and the public. fig illustrates how rewards provided the crowd should grow the revenue the company grows. step the company generating revenue equivalent yup, resulting yup reward being shared with the crowd, and cut yup going crowdholding. step the company generating yup revenue, resulting reward yup being distributed the crowd, and going crowdholding. crowdholding summary, the core points the revenue sharing stage are: smart contract for tasks and revenue share rewarding wallet for each startup token are created for each startup/year start year revenue year pledged (equivalent yup are transferred) new task: yup are pledged for task (task dividend duration years) expired task: yup distributed users based votes end year get startup revenue information, and inject into smart contract based revenue and token distribution, smart contract distribute yup users start year top revenue: revenue year pledged (equivalent yup are transferred) end year get startup revenue information and inject into smart contract based revenue and token distribution, smart contract distribute more yup users crowdholding stage decentralized open funding platform (dof) the next major step the development crowdholding facilitating funding businesses with yup, custom erc- based tokens. this will create cycle, whereby tokens can distributed from businesses users via the doi, and invested back businesses via the dof. this currently very competitive space, and the best option may partner with existing crowdfunding platform the future. for now, are building product infrastructure handle ourselves. traditional inde ndent businesses xch llet bank investing awarding with yupies yupies for work supporters businesses xch llet eur supporters bank fig the crowdholding cycle complete, including investment and exchange fiat crowdholding stage marketplace completion step and thus the crowdholding ecosystem scheduled for the end businesses crowdholding can start selling products/services and receive yup method payment. businesses offer solutions people, other businesses and the crowdholding platform itself. all the payments are done yup, both providing convenience, furthering the use our token, and growing the strength the community. during this phase, will focusing scaling the usability the website, integrating dapps, and improving our api better work with partners. centraliz ntralized selling products for yupies businesses xch llet businesses bank investing awarding with yupies yupies for work product buying products with yupies supporters xch llet eur supporters bank fig adding marketplace the crowdholding platform reward con tri pie ken crowdholding businesses supporters cts yup fig the complete crowdholding cycle the crowdholding cycle when both dof, doi, and marketplace stages have been implemented, meaning that yup facilitates businesses rewarding the crowd, and the crowd investing purchasing from businesses. example: company creates project outlining the product, order verify whether there reasonable degree demand, and get some general feedback. the business launches appeals for crowdfunding via yup, launches their ico tandem, generate more funds through their own token. the company initiates marketing campaign making great use the established community. keen supporters can easily use yup they have been rewarded with directly fund businesses for more significant gains the future. those who wish invest, but have not earned yup from doing tasks can acquire them directly from crowdholding, fashion directly from the market. the business then launch their ico and continues receive active management support from us. take fee for ico campaigns. crowdholding _business model profit generation the crowdholding model based the simple principle everyone using yup transfer value which means that are creating our own ecosystem. long the benefits are sufficient for users, it's very convenient for take nominal cut any transfers which take place the platform. after completion the crowdholding platform businesses the doi platform pledge share with supporters between the company's revenue paid yup for set period time. crowdholding will take cut these transfers. the distributed online funding (dof) platform will allow startups raise capital through ico selling yup. essentially, businesses are sharing revenue with their supporters. take fee ico campaigns. businesses users invest ico with yupies. take reasonable fee. users buy products with yupies startups pay for tasks yupies. take reasonable fee. users fig taking cut transfers the platform crowdholding _ico details role the yup token important part crowdholding ecosystem how yup are used build the circulation the currency and create supply and demand mechanisms. yup will used within the crowdholding platform, but they won't limited the platform the future. yup tokens can used the following ways the platform: for crowdholding fuel for the crowdsourcing and crowdfunding processes the platform. for businesses payment for qualified business evaluation and validation, translation and proofreading services, creative content development and web design, advertising and promotion, bounties and etc. crowdholding bonuses paid yup proportionally all holders. backers decide not sell the tokens immediately after the ico, but keep them, they will rewarded with bonus yup tokens. for supporters investing tokens into companies the platform. purchasing products/services the crowdholding marketplace with tokens. crowdholding bonuses paid yup tokens paid proportionally all holders. token supply yup will created prior the ico, and they will capped, meaning are not able create any more the future. inflation intended. million tokens created. million directly sold public. token supply fixed, create immediate deflationary currency that will valuable our growing community (startups and crowd) our ecosystem. any unsold yup created for sale during the pre-ico and ico will burned. crowdholding token distribution the initial issue yupie tokens programmed smart contract and will carried out the following order: bounties (%) seeding businesses (%) yup reserve (%) locked for future use (%) team experts (%) pre-ico main ico (%) fig token distribution bounty campaign promotion (%) award for first businesses our platform (%) which will pay for tasks with yupies. allocation for unforeseeable expenses (%). want have the deposit yupies that would only used solve the token-threatening situations. all our wallets will auditable via publicly shared address. kept reserve for future growth (%). utilized for future partnerships acquisitions. this block tokens will set aside for minimum months, never sold directly the market and constantly auditable publicly shared address. allocated the current and future team members, advisers and experts (%). the team tokens will reverse vested with month cliff and then linearly vested over months, with the team wallet publicly auditable. crowdsale (%) the success threshold $m. crowdholding spending allocation the main focus our expenses will the technical development the platform. however, marketing sales will allocated growing importance, the success the platform depends attracting the right supporters and businesses through diverse paid advertising tactics. other expenses include paying for infrastructure, rent, patents trademarks. crowdholding will cash flow positive soon after the launch and will utilize additional capital support international expansion and opening new locations. blockchain legal finance advertising team fig spending raised funds crowdholding ico details start date: november (utc) end date: january (utc) yup distribution cap: yup tokens goal: $,, currency accepted: eth token exchange rate: eth yup tokens amount tokens per one person: unlimited minimum transaction amount ethereum: eth maximum transaction amount: unlimited bonuses: eth value investment fig bonus yup for bigger investments crowdholding token demand liquidity since startups are sharing rewards (at least partially) yup, they have purchase yup tokens either from crowdholding from the market, raising the demand, and therefore the price. facilitate the needed liquidity, crowdholding will initially proceed with erc- token foundation for easy acceptance major marketplaces. the yup token still its infancy. more startups join our platform, the more yup are used pay for services and promotion. businesses collaborate with the crowd and share their revenue, the crowd receives increasingly valuable yup. the bigger the crowd, the stronger the yup. burning tokens following success the ico, will burn surplus tokens, ensuring that people who have participated the ico will have reasonable share the token sum. the end this process, pre-ico and ico pool will represent total tokens. investors for both pre-ico and ico will receive bonus (if you own yup this will increased yup). this does not include bounty holders, order protect the yup value for investors. however, bounty will continue planned until reach the shown our yup distribution breakdown. crowdholding _business development our diverse team open-minded millennials fertile ground for the realisation our business plan. working together for over year consolidated revolutionise the world's economy through crowdsourcing, and return wealth the public providing unprecedented revenue sharing reward system. have set reasonably steady pace for product development, considering how far got while bootstrapping. now are more stable than ever, and have put together solid team create something amazing. future plans aim reach startups and active users the application the end sharing revenue other startups major milestone, since that will ensure crowdholding established the nr. crowdsourcing platform, offering ico preparation. sharing revenue other startups means distributing our token more users, increasing the token flow, i.e. boosting our market capitalisation. have pledged share our yup pool invest blockchain startups crowdholding you think you have interesting startup, and would like some this funding, please get touch with us. this funding pool will ignite the co-creation process. this approach showcases our system valid and eventually startups join the application themselves share revenue with the crowd and utilise our system. the steadily evolving crypto community will accelerate our growth until reach the maturity stage, scheduled for the second half our moonshot scheduled for when want create secondary marketplace for revenue futures, thus allowing all users trade their unique cryptocurrency. crowdholding roadmap january crowdholding idea envisioned october alpha launch with users march beta launch, investment from richfox and vakoc brothers september eth (%) raised from pre-ico november stage doi, (decentralized open innovation) july stage ii: dof (decentralized open funding) december stage iii: market api integration, mobile apps community development crowdholding company history the first milestone was launching prototype autumn after two our co-founders put usd start the operations, which could build the basic framework up. hundred alpha users were leaving feedback and ideas while collected data how our system worked. this data was used parallel work development domain could later launch our beta version with initial startups onboard. after got our second investment from richfox capital and the vakoc brothers the beta was successfully released the public and started run marketing and pr, which helped get published several online magazines and blogs. beyond that attended variety startup events whole europe, such pioneers, white bull and startup vienna connect with the community, meet investors and get the word out about crowdholding. the traffic and awareness created and supported our growth. during beta, learned lot about our users and how communicate our philosophy both supporters well businesses, especially startups. from the technical side ran through several changes and improvements that now use python/django framework the backend and bootstrap/less framework the frontend, which enables separation from code and visuals besides the fact that the python community big, young and innovative. continuously improving the application are adding/customising features like notifications, the news feed, user profiles and "create your own project". the current weekly user growth rate approximately crowdholding _what makes crowdholding special? crowdholding aims connect the crowd (anyone from around the world) with entrepreneurs allowing anyone co-create with startups, therefore creating worldwide think tanks accelerate startups like never before. imagine entrepreneur comes with new app concept and launches crowdholding. within matter hours they can have feedback, connections, possible investors future staff members from all over the globe. what makes crowdholding groundbreaking that benefits both the entrepreneur and the crowd due our innovative business model. entrepreneurs don't just receive the benefit co-creation, but also because the startup not sacrificing any their equity (instead their awards are worth small percentage future revenue) meaning the entrepreneur remains complete control their project. another factor that different the marketing strategy, projects the platform can create lasting relationships with potential customers. focus pushing the projects through social media marketing and through the crowd due the fact that the standard paid becoming less and less valuable. according womma "word-of-mouth impressions drive sales greater than the equivalent number paid impressions." for the supporters, our system allows anyone develop their skill set, whether you are year old college student with innovative, new ideas middle aged professional with years worth experience, crowdholding can offer the chance co-create, showcase your skills and build new connections. top that because the cryptocurrency are implementing, supporters will able work and receive digital currency for their contributions. crowdholding _the team here crowdholding, don't just value forward thinking, bold, educated individuals, but also those who really believe our vision and what are trying achieve. our executive team has the perfect mixture experience, coming from some the biggest tech companies the planet (google, skype, and oracle) and innovation allowing them think outside the box. supporting staff joined crowdholding not for pretty wage, but change the world for the better. our team sourced from countries and continents giving global perspective while striving evolve crowdholding the ideal co-creation platform. executives ethan clime ceo expert alternative crowd financing, having organized and led successful (angee aquajar) crowdfunding campaigns. has spent significant amount time engaging with people interested the crowd economy. aleks bozhinov cmo aleks has spiderman's sense when comes online marketing. already has startups (for sale!; aquajar) behind his back and having worked google has helped him form good understanding both the startup and corporate spheres. chris fronda blockchain architect absolute genius when comes coding. has developed innovative software which was sold large corporation. extremely passionate about blockchain and with experience deploying smart contracts. crowdholding henry ashley-cooper cpo henry veteran product designer, having worked with number startups including angee and sqldep. responsible for integrating the latest technologies and methodologies the company workflow. rosario colletti cto rosario former principal engineer netsuite/oracle. application developer, solution architect and has strong experience reports and statistics systems: log analysis, database modeling, web user interface. paolo lacche coo former product manager skype hp, paolo has experience with both business and engineering background, ranging from start-up research, from enterprise consumer. he's veteran mobile, social, and web applications. crowdholding _legal compliance company registration parent company london, uk: office ludgate hill london, id: center operations prague, czechia: crowdholding s.r.o. krizikova karlin, praha czechia id: token compliance crowdholding working with outside legal counsel ensure full compliance. however, the emerging cryptographic token space sparsely regulated right now. our goal compliant possible within such regulatory environment, and some have raised the possibility that securities regulations would apply. for the question whether they apply, the appropriate framework the howey test established sec howey []. our understanding and interpretation this test that yup tokens are not classified securities because ownership yup does not provide any ownership related rights company, yup are deployed production and have real utility via the crowdholding service, and yup serve distinct function more akin application credits than financial instrument. that said, the contents this document not constitute legal advice and encourage prospective purchasers with concerns consult with attorney. expect the regulatory environment evolve the cryptocurrency space matures and will everything can maintain compliance. the tokens have not been and will not registered under the united states securities act amended (the "securities act"), and may not offered sold the united states for the benefit persons (as defined regulations under the securities act) unless they are registered, exemption from the registration requirements the securities act available. one such exemption allows the resale tokens purchased for their own account and for investment purposes only investors who (i) are not otherwise affiliated with the polybius foundation, (ii) have been exposed for some the economic risks that ownership tokens entails, and (iii) are not part the distribution the tokens. crowdholding disclaimer crowdholding ltd. accepts liability for the content this whitepaper, for the consequences any actions taken the basis the information provided this whitepaper, unless that information subsequently confirmed writing. for the legal component the project crowdholding and the situation regarding the use the blockchain and cryptocurrencies the global community, our team declares that respect the legislation all countries. taking into consideration the situation the world community and the legislation somecountries, deem right and honest state that our tokens are not stocks securities, any form whatsoever. express gratitude all who have found time become acquainted with crowdholding. crowdholding _appendix digital asset management (dam) platform crowdholding.com's parent company located and registered the at: office ludgate hill london. registration: the dam is: open-source and transparent. set management track-records are transparent and auditable everyone everywhere any time. modular and inclusive. dam platform built from the start everexpandable and flexible. lowers costs and time. using blockchain technology, fixed and variable asset management costs well time requirements drastically reduce. decentralised and reliable. having decentralised storage and execution one can mitigate today's world inefficiencies such custody, counter-party and settlement. crowdholding realizes the potential the digital asset management industry which growing astounding rate, from market cap billion billion and continues grow. crowdholding's dam offers more decentralized option manage digital assets. crowdholding wants capture this market the crowdholding ecosystem (doi, dof, dam) mitigates the risks and deals with the volatility the digital asset industry. with the introduction all new technology, the future money and asset management morphes into the new era finance where there much gain from being aware what coming what here. crowdholding march