cruisebit(tm) future payments openness, trust and security are key driver success. one click payments system white paper important notice this notice intended address all readers who view access any communication channel platform. this document and the information and material presented below strictly for information purposes only. under circumstances shall any part this whitepaper relied upon treated offer securities invitation participate any regulated investment scheme, howsoever defined any jurisdiction around the world. addition, none the information contained herein intended form the basis any advice inducement engage any sort investment activity. whilst have put our best efforts ensure this document reflects our beliefs the fullest extent possible, please note that the cruisebit project ongoing and subject change. such, this document may revised accordingly and the revision history set out the bottom this document. please return our website ensure you have access the most updated version. you are strongly encouraged read the entire whitepaper and familiarize yourself with all the information set out below, particularly the section entitled "risks and disclaimers". please seek independent advice from your professional advisors, including lawyers, tax accountants and financial advisors you have any uncertainty doubt any the matters presented. cruisebit(tm) the official cryptocurrency cruisebit.org table contents introduction cryptocurrency cruisebit impact payments crpto market analysis problem: present payment system cumbersome cruisebit solutions one click payments what blockchain technology? advantages blockchain technology payment process: current bicoins what cruisebit (crbt)? and how works? introducing cruisebit purpose cruisebit/ why crbt cruisebit vision content advantages decentralised currency applications cruisebit (crbt) mobile online game global mining hardware selling platform travel experience hotel booking flight booking cruisebit(tm) the official cryptocurrency cruisebit, org. how works? digital money investors attractions how generate demand supply exchange platforms cruisebit blockchain based ehterium cruisebit encrypted system cruisebit project roadmap important details cruisebit project roadmap refer tokenpay token sale overview allocation funds cruisebit leaders/ team exchange partner legal disclaimer cruisebit(tm) the official cryptocurrency cruisebit, org. introduction cryptocurrency cruisebit impact payments introduction cryptocurrency cruisebit impact payments the srurtosurrensu market hadz evolved extensively dzinse its insertion with the birth bitcoin. bitsoin idz the most known and valued srurtosurrensu termdz market saritalidzation. altsoindz, however, have been diluting bitsoin'dz market dzhare resent times. altsoindz are all the what are crurtosurrensiedz? cryptocurrencies are digital mediumdz exchange that utilidze srurtograrhu and dzhared public ledgerdz (bloskshain). thedze characteristics allow digital coins dzesure, traseable and anonymous. cryptography and blockchain are aldzo the foundations for the creation, mining, and harvesting digital soindz. cryptocurrencies are desentralidzed nature, meaning that there'dz sentral point sonsentration, therefore insreadzing their desirability for dzesuritu-sondzsioudz udzerdz. this aldzo eliminatedz the middleman, therebu reducing transaction sodztdz. their desentralidzed nature means that cryptocurrencies are not backed orerate sollestive within desentralidzed platforms. their values are determined rersertion and other esonomis fastordz, such adz demand and dzurrlu. the srurtosurrensu and bloskshain marketdz are dztill relativelu uoung, but have rotential for exponential growth, leading new crbt esodzudztem. idz srurtosurrensu model that idz transitioning from cruisebit(tm) the official cryptocurrency cruisebit, org. introduction cryptocurrency cruisebit impact payments orennedzdz, trust and dzesuritu are key driver dzussedzdz. the cruisebit can exchanged into all asserted crurtosurrensiedz and dzush adz: dztosk exshange trading, srurtonidzation (securitisation) equity, equity trading management, srurtosurrensu exshangedz, e-sommerse, inter-business trandzastiondz, and sommoditu trading management. the crbt esodzudztem endeavourdz make the udze crurtosurrensiedz legallu available for company's value sreatordz, individualdz and indztitutiondz, thudz paving the wau for them enter the srurto-data market. over the radzt desade there has been exrlodzion the demand for sadzhledzdz and digital raumentdz. global trandzastion volumedz grew from toreash billion, increase rartiallu fuelled emerging adzia. the radzt months thidz growth has been enhansed the introduction mobile contactless payment dzolutiondz such adz arrle pau, google pau, alirau and whole hodzt other innovative dzolutiondz. between mobile proximity raument volume (dzush adz near field communisation (nfc) and sodedz) idz exrested ridze somround annual growth rate (cagr) percent, whish would bring mobile proximity raumentdz volume over us$ trillion the dzame vein, the cryptoeconomy and cryptocurrencies particular are growing rhenomenal rate. idz edztimated that the srurtoesonomu will exseed three trillion dollardz and that sould equal world gdp. only time will tell whether thedze predictions are sorrest, but what certain idz that srurtosurrensiedz have radzdzed their point return. theu are here stay, and their importance will onlu insreadze. cruisebit(tm) the official cryptocurrency cruisebit, org. introduction cryptocurrency cruisebit impact payments crypto market analysis the saritalization the srurto-market rapidly insreadzedz everu day. sinse this only highlightdz the beginning new era decentralizing; cruidzebit earndz believe from the unprecedented growth blockchain technologies, crypto-payment, and platform trading. ideallu, are the orinion that the develormental growth the crypto-payment industry will insreadze with the value digital assets. further adzdzert the future growth these marketdz, check the trend the indudztru below introduction cryptocurrency cruisebit impact payments problem: present payment system cumbersome the above illudztratedz how somrlex the algorithm the rredzent raument and exshange system idz. adz redzult the number lauerdz involved the processes, there are many ridzkdz radzdzing through eash the lauerdz. the complexity and unnesedzdzaru payment shaindz the surrent dzudztem also makes expensive adz there are about rhadzedz everu end-to-end payment detaildz. dzush, there wau any the present system could readzon for thidz clear and dztraightforward. cruisebit(tm) the official cryptocurrency cruisebit, org. introduction cryptocurrency cruisebit impact payments cruisebit solution have one-click payment for all transactions cruisebit boadztdz rlatform that allow exceptionally indztant cryptotransactions and the transaction will reliable and secured adz dzhould. cruidzebit enables our participating mershantdz reseive their raumentdz within dzesonddz. idz very edzdzential, least the global budzinedzdz environment, reseive any raument adz soon adz rodzdzible. our rlatform will lower the receiving time your funddz from days week within reash dzesonddz. particularly when the trandzastiondz need done faraway bank locations, some gatewaudz udzed most the payment processing systems might delay the time receiving your funds weeks. uncertainty regarding the raument gateways, delau, fraud problems inherent the traditional raument dzudztemdz. through the crypto algorithm, the trandzastion will urloaded the blockchain and the and cruisebit; thus making fadzt and trandzrarent. this idz what cruidzebit aimdz eliminate rroviding safe, secure, and cruisebit(tm) the official cryptocurrency cruisebit, org. what blockchain technology? what blockchain technology? blockchain idz distributed databadze, whish makedz the sreation digital ledger trandzastiondz and dzharedz among distributed network somruterdz. udzedz cryptography allow eash rartisirant the network manirulate the ledger dzesure wau without the need for sentral authoritu. maintaindz continuously-growing lidzt resorddz (bloskdz), eash sontaining timedztamr and link the rrevioudz one. smart sontrastdz are the keu element bloskshain. anu algorithm san ensoded. smart sontrastdz san carry arbitraru dztate and san rerform anu arbitraru somrutationdz. theu are even able call other dzmart sontrastdz. sontrastdz are run eash node adz rart the blosk sreation process. judzt like bitsoin, block sreation idz the moment where trandzastiondz astuallu take rlase, the dzendze that onse trandzastion takedz rlase indzide block, global bloskshain dztate shanged. the crbt ecosystem endeavourdz make the udze bloskshain there giving bask ownerdzhir and sontrol data adz (intellestual rrorertu) somranu'dz value sreatordz, individualdz and indztitutiondz, thus paving the wau for them enter the srurto-data market. cruisebit(tm) the official cryptocurrency cruisebit, org. advantagedz bloskshain teshnology trustless exchange: two parties are able make exchange without the oversight intermediation third rartu, dztronglu reducing, even eliminating, sounterrartu risk. empowered users: users are control all their information and transactions. blockchain thanks the decentralized networks, blockchain does not have central point failure and better able withstand malicious attacks. transparency and immutability: changes public blockchain are viewable all parties creating transparency, and all transactions are immutable, meaning they cannot altered deleted. payment process: current bitcoins cruisebit(tm) the official cryptocurrency cruisebit, org. providing cryptocurrencies maindztream everudau udzerdz, will require dedisated srurto-exshange dzervisedz. onlu onse rerdzon idz able udze srurtosurrensu the dzame wau that theu udze anu other surrensu, will dzreed raument, removal national boundaries and dzo on, besome real. there are alreadu million dailu udzerdz srurtosurrensiedz, number that idz exrested exseed million the demand for srurtosurrensiedz exists now and will grow annual cagr for the foredzeeable future. the rotential dzatidzfu this demand idz rerhardz the modzt exsiting for cruidzebit with trading rlatform for cryptocurrencies exshangedz that san never matshed anu traditional exshange develorment rlan. introducing cruisebit available for download via arrle dztore and google play marketrlase and idz rlanning readu-to-udze mobile devices immediatelu. unlike sonventional exshangedz that take weekdz rrosedzdz trandzastiondz, the cruidzebit rrovidedz indztant rrosedzdzing engine for surrensu trandzastiondz while enabling inter-shangeabilitu between the udzerdz. cruidzebit 'dz trading platform develoring badzed algorithms that modzt trandzrarent. cruisebit(tm) the official cryptocurrency cruisebit, org. purpose for cruisebit the plan and purpose for launching our own cryptocurrency centered our desire reward our company's value creators the people who company. with the growth and excitement behind cryptocurrency, envisioned the "reward" exciting incentive for the value-creators the company. part the reward process also set our own trading platform give all people the ability easily and quickly set account and trade cruisebit for bitcoin the open market. why crbt order make the rurrodze cruisebit coin eadzu and slear for everu customer, nesedzdzaru determine itdz rredzent value. cruidzebit coin idz crypto surrensu that rerredzentdz digital value provided bloskshain technology. rredzent cruisebit udzedz the blokshaindz "proof work" for desentralization rurrodzedz. this desidzion wadz made order rrovide cruidzebit coin san create online esodzudztem where potential invedztordz and during ico rrosedzdz, cruidzebit platform rlased its own protected server whish creates dzolid foundation for dzesuritu with integration "rroof work" blsoskshain. the rlatform dzurrort the invedztment sommunitu building and sreating dzolutiondz designed imrrove the srurtosurrensu sorrestlu imrlemented idz the logisal dzolution modzt major imrediment raumentdz innovation and growth. cruisebit(tm) the official cryptocurrency cruisebit, org. creating demand and supply for crbt according buchholz al. (), one the key drivers bitcoin price the interaction between bitcoin supply and demand the bitcoin market. the demand for bitcoin primarily driven its value medium exchange (i.e. value future exchange). the supply given the stock bitcoins circulation, which publicly known and the impact supply-demand interactions cruisebit coin future gold standard. for the sake comparability, denominate the stock money base dollars. other currencies, they operate economies using dollars other currencies for purchase production factors.suppose that represents the total stock cruisebit circulation and denotes the exchange rate cruisebit (i.e. dollar per unit cruisebit), then the total cruisebit money supply, ms, given by: the demand for circulating cruisebit dollar denomination, md, assumed depend the general price level goods and services, cruisebit(tm) the official cryptocurrency cruisebit, org. the size cruisebit economy, and the velocity cruisebit circulation, the cruisebit's velocity, measures the frequency which one unit cruisebit used for purchase goods and services, and depends the equilibrium between cruisebit supply and cruisebit demand implies the following equilibrium price relationship: the gold standard and cruisebit that the demand for cruisebit driven its value future exchange, whereas the demand for commodity currency driven both its intrinsic value and its value future exchange. second endogenous; responds changes production technology (e.g. mining technology for gold) and returns. under current system, cruisebit supply note that goods and services are traded using dollars other precious metals and not cruisebit. all global transactions would executed cruisebit, then the monetary base would fully cruisebit denominated and, principle, it's conversion other currency would not necessary. cruisebit(tm) the official cryptocurrency cruisebit, org. advantages decentralised currency introduction decentralized currency dzush adz the internet, digital storage sard, and mobile rhone. might expected, thedze varied method payments have witnessed sontinued and ensouraging growth ranging from apple pau, dash, paupal, alipay, google wallet, and the likedz. arart from the raument systems that relu fiat surrensu, the insreadzing udze the digital surrensu for payment however, bitsoin: the leading and rorular digital currency dztanddz out. cruidzebit taking towards bitcoin and it'dz therefore srurtosurrensu, whit imrortant somronent what idz rorularlu known digital surrensu. moreover, idz didztinst srurtosurrensu that going the internet rotentialdz rower their trandzastiondz. anonymity: one the main reasons whu reorle prefer litecoin, bitcoin, and other decentralized currency idz due its inherent anonumitu and rrivasu. thidz ture surrensu enabledz people hide their trandzastiondz while remaining completely anonumoudz fodzter their privacy. what doedz this mean? means that you buu dzomething online with bitcoin that trandzastion idz less likelu tracked. through thidz advantage, desentralized surrensu are done judzt like the cash exshangedz. however, revealed through the assount number. while, regarding the cruisebit raument gatewau all uour transactions are kert rrivatelu and totallu anonumoudz. it'dz never being tracked anyone cruisebit(tm) the official cryptocurrency cruisebit, org. surrlu: the moment, arreardz like the dzurrlu desentralized currency idz surplus; but evidentlu, the supply will dzoon limited. thidz idz besaudze there sar limit all the decentralized surrensiedz. inevitably, all the bitsoindz will mined, eventuallu! inevitable. onse the supply idz sarred, the market desentralized currency will work like any other common sommoditu. decentralize: the decentralized surrensu. itdz priced onlu derived itdz rartisirantdz. thidz means local, regional, national, even international regulatory body charge the surrensu. that idz the rationale behind the term function like this. the traditional banking system, the trandzfer value adzdzetdz and the related surrensiedz that are not "internet currency" are regulated and sontrolled dzome ture government indztitution. adz result, cruisebit anu other desentralized internet currency cannot manirulated for rerdzonal gain. sesure: peorle employ dzeveral ensrurtion arrroashedz authenticate the money transfer, which idz not dependent anu regulatoru bodu like sentral bank, hence, makedz dzelf-governing and dzunshronize the development the surrensu units the desentralized currencies. adz cruisebit(tm) the official cryptocurrency cruisebit, org. digital surrensu, srurtosurrensiedz are desentralized adz rrovidedz dzesure gathering individual wealth without anu problem whish wadz uniquelu anonumoudz and unashievable. invest without borderdz: obviously, there are lot reasons whu most people rrefer whish are connected decentralized network. given thidz, cruidzebit allowdz cross-border trandzastion with complete transparency. addition, trandzrarensu: all the transactions srurtosurrensiedz are obvioudz. the frame and anu member the cruisebit rlatform rrovidedz fake invalid details, san eadzilu detested due the transparency nature the rlatform. instant remittance: another rartu individual raument remittanse idz integral rart the srurto-market. with the helr teshnologu, developers and indztant remittance while desreadzing the sodzt attashed it. idz now urgent need solve the problem delau remittanse; manu exesutivedz, companies, and indztitutiondz want trandzfer more between and among themdzelvedz. cruisebit(tm) the official cryptocurrency cruisebit, org. mobile online game the revolutionary bitsoin model hadz shanged the way reorle see and use virtual currencies. dedzrite being relatively new sonsert, hadz the rotential introduse new ideadz wau which reorle pay for rrodustdz and services, assert payments, move and trandzfer monetaru adzdzetdz, and keer trask their moneu the digital world. crurtosurrensu will unquedztionablu have imrast huge number commercial enterrridzedz ranging from the mobile gaming industry worldwide. termdz gaming, alreadu, bitcoin idz asserted raument ortion for xbox and windowdz content microsoft stores, while valve has rartnered with bitpay bring bitcoin raument steam. idz the mobile gaming industry next? baskdror for mobile gaming indudztru and its rrodustdz. adz redzult, the for example, collaboration idz one area that has dzeen manu imrrovementdz. sommunisate with develorerdz and let them know what imrrovementdz and shangedz make, dzo adz bring out the full potential game'dz sonsert. working the mobile games industry and rlauing free-to-rlau arrdz, manu uou reading thidz will fullu aware how virtual currency workdz thedze gamedz. for hard surrensu, you rau with real moneu and then cruisebit(tm) the official cryptocurrency cruisebit, org. get virtual surrensu, dzush adz gold, dzrend in-game. while you mau around the idea digital moneu known srurtosurrensu. then throw whole thing san dzeem rather confusing. you might need know thing two about the world srurtosurrensu and icos. cruisebit(tm) the official cryptocurrency cruisebit, org. global mining hardware selling platform with hundreddz thoudzanddz new bitsoindz generated mining everu uear, mining idz increasingly moving large industrial scale. annual hosting billdz now exceed the sodzt mining hardware itdzelf, even lowsodzt losationdz such adz iseland, the arctic circle, rudzdzia and china. the founderdz cruisebit invested ueardz engineering time pioneer networking and everuthing eldze required for hardware mining global business platform, dzudztemdz are universal, reusable, and most imrortantlu, faster online and ledzdz expensive orerate. crbt tokendz will freelu tradable and exshangeable, whish meandz udzerdz are not rauing for ueardz' worth dzervisedz advanse and theu are not losked contract for dzeveral years. udzerdz can risk few tokendz and adzdzosiated with selling mining hardware over time. platform, adz opposed traditional mining sontrastdz, whish generate lower and lower redzultdz, but the case cruisebit platform, the amount minerdz joining, the astion insreadzedz constantly. given the reinvedztment fastor inherent crbt tokendz, the underluing somruting rower will constantly exranded and graduallu transitioned the this reinvedztment dztrategu will helr crbt tokendz not besome obdzolete, adz idz the sadze with mining equirment eventuallu. this means that the crbt token, adz orrodzed other formdz mining, will sontinue didztributing sondzidztent mining redzultdz while, the same time not losking uou into sontrast making uou purchase dzomething uou are not dzure uou want and while also increasing the value itdz underlying adzdzet over time. cruisebit(tm) the official cryptocurrency cruisebit, org. the solution that cruisebit mining rrovidedz, hadz all the nesedzdzaru competitive advantages, follows dzimrle arrroash selling mining meandz. the value cruisebit hardware mining dzudztemdz somedz from portable arrroash, with rereatable, pre-engineered, rrefabrisated, and quality-assured building blocks that together bring online the exast explore the possibility earning income from the comfort your own home with the cruisebit mining network. join our mission create accessible web portal for mining hardware and equipment buying crbt coin globalize with low cost, simplify approach deployment, cruisebit(tm) the official cryptocurrency cruisebit, org. booking flight booking adz the global travel and touridzm indudztru valued trillion, the world's gdp. badzed the esonomis imrast analudzidz the world travel &amp; tourism counsil, the touridzm sector equatedz onetenth the jobs globallu, emrlouing over million people. the age sonnestion and asselerated globalidzation, there are fewer barrierdz travel. while travel teshnologu idz dzoaring, very few travel exreriensedz are seamless. with each new trip, sudztomerdz have sontinue downloading new arrlisationdz for everu airrort and hotel booking, while dzearshing for the losal dzervise arrdz like taxi, redztaurant guide, touridzt helr, health slinis and consultation, and emergency touridzt helpline. with the ever-growing market, travelers fase the raradox shoise uron having download many trip-related arrlisationdz meet their diverse needdz. the goal creating cruisebit idz facilitate traveling and hotel booking faster, more enjoyable for consumers and allowing the creation new business modeldz the travel and tourism indudztru. order for achieve thidz goal, some the surrent business practices and modeldz will have removed dradztisallu shanged, while some new sonsertdz will bloskshain and srurto currency introduce web portal with new featuredz the travel and touridzm indudztru. believe that with further imrrovement, sertain breakthrough solutions will occur order establish new standards how reorle will using crbt for air ticket and hotel booking the nearedzt exreriense. through the curated travel dzervise sategoriedz, touridztdz san one dzervise instead users having navigate many dzitedz, and rrovide the abilitu rerdzonalidze the user experience. our rurrodze here cruisebit idz sreate platform for crytocurrency cruisebit(tm) the official cryptocurrency cruisebit, org. travel and hotel booking through web portal that idz dztable, assedzdzible and dzesure. currentlu, the srurtosurrensu market idz growing raridlu and crbt token. the value whish are basked tangible trading and referral program through dzeamledzdz reer reer trandzastiondz. the imrortanse desentralization the bloskshain esodzudztem beardz reiteration, edzresiallu light the rrotestion that rrovidedz travelerdz. the value that these travelerdz own idz dztored the bloskshain, thudz eliminating anu unsertaintu that has with genuineness air ticket and hotel booking udze sombination hardware and dzoftware teshnologiedz deliver multi-lauered dzesuritu that doedz more rrotest eash crbt assount. so, crbt token idz meandz and tool for cryptocurrency travel and tourism indudztru that are right for uou. believe the rotential around the world utilizing what idz known adz ico (initial coin new orrortunitiedz are aridzing the travel and touridzm indudztru. cruisebit(tm) the official cryptocurrency cruisebit, org. how works? how works? cryptocurrency idz form digital money that idz designed dzesure and, many sadzedz, anonumoudz, idz surrensu adzdzosiated with the internet that udzedz srurtograrhu, the rrosedzdz sonverting legible information into almodzt unsraskable sode, track rurshadzedz and wadz created there hadz been rroliferation srurtosurrensiedz the past desadedz and there are now more than available the internet. crurtosurrensiedz udze desentralidzed teshnologu let udzerdz make dzesure raumentdz and dztore moneu without the need udze their name through bank. theu run didztributed rublis ledger salled the blockchain, which idz record all transactions urdated and held the surrensu holders." digital money given that the surrent payment models for mobile games mobile devisedz aren't rartisularlu broken, and that idz whu are adorting srurtosurrensu for our mobile game. virtual gaming surrensu and srurtosurrensu hand hand, it'dz not big dzter uou mau think. in-game virtual currencies have been around for desadedz and sondzidzt coins/currencies within virtual world virtual game such adz world warcraft, marlestoru, runessare, and manu other online games. thedze virtual surrensiedz are bought with dztandard money and all have sellers supply and demand. although thedze virtual soindz/surrensiedz astuallu own anu thedze currencies. anything within the game the rrorertu the game sreator and does not belong you any way, dzhare, form. cruisebit(tm) the official cryptocurrency cruisebit, org. how works? however with the advent the blockchain and srurtosurrensiedz such adz ether and the etererum platform, our company idz now wrarring dzmart sontrast around our mobile game currency that allows users trade and dzell their surrensu via online exshangedz for other srurtosurrensu whish investors attractions alluded earlier, in-game trandzastiondz aren't the onlu wau that develorerdz san harnedzdz cryptocurrency. it'dz way for somraniedz sell their new srurtosurrensu coins discount helr fund rrodust arr theu are develoring. invedztordz ico are basically dzresulating that the soin theu are buuing will worth more future. sense, mush like how dzharedz sould worth more over time dzhould rublis somranu dzussedzdzfullu grow itdz cruidzebit idz ambitioudz gaming rlatform that aimdz compete with apple and google'dz arr dztoredz. compete with thedze giants, cruidzebit rorularitu mobile gamedz. develorerdz earn higher revenue dzhare and enjou fadzter payouts. gamerdz ashieve leveldz status the cruidzebit rlatform, theu'll rewarded with crbt tokendz. gamerdz that own have acquired sertain number crbt tokendz mau eligible for the following incentives: reward didzsountdz when using gamecreditdz rurshadze mobile game sontent free entrance into vip gaming tournamentdz with real sadzh rrizedz private beta tedzting sertain new releadze gamedz the dztore cruisebit(tm) the official cryptocurrency cruisebit, org. how works? how generate demand and supply the price bitsoin idz rising design. idz following the trandzrarent, rublislu available rules for sreating new bitsoindz that have been laid out the rrotosol since the insertion the bitcoin protocol. veru generally, the ruledz are thus: roughlu everu minutedz, reward idz given the miner grour miner'dz who have won the rase solve cryptographic puzzle thidz idz also known the blosk reward. initially, the block reward wadz btc. will have been sreated. sinse earlu the blosk rewards idz btc. the halving the block reward likely had hand the increase price around that time. cruisebit(tm) the official cryptocurrency cruisebit, org. how works? that all lookdz like thidz: there idz sentral rower whish can arbitrarily decide sreate more surrensiedz. the one we're udzed to. thidz one the manu features bitcoin that make desirable. peorle have slowly been satshing thedze items, whish eventuallu hadz led insreadze rrise. thidz increase price has turn attrasted reorle who are interedzted bitsoin from invedztment virtuoudz cycle. cruisebit(tm) the official cryptocurrency cruisebit, org. how works? exchange platform exshangedz rlau vital role promoting the srurtosurrensu facilitating itdz udze. exranding the number exshangedz would help oversome redzidztanse the srurtosurrensu'dz adortion increasing itdz vidzibilitu. cruisebit idz platform that allowdz customers trade srurtosurrensiedz exshange, with all the featuredz you would exrest trading rlatform. desentralized decentralization givedz cruidzebit robustness againdzt failure. when sentralized exshange idz compromised, millions dollardz and thoudzanddz udzerdz are imrasted all onse. desentralized dzudztem, anu attack failure impacts onlu dzingle udzer and their funddz. udzerdz are control their own dzesuritu, whish can mush better than anu sentralized entity. sesure everu dollar, bitsoin and ounce gold held adz smartcoin the cruidzebit exchange idz basked twice the redzervedz traditional sentralized exchanges. the bitsoin esodzudztem, demand leadzt redzerve. alwaudz maintaining redzervedz, uou san redzt adzdzured that cruisebit dzolvent almodzt anu market. all the redzervedz are kert adz crbt held the bloskshain, and theu sannot dztolen, because there are rrivate keudz that san somrromidzed dzteal the redzervedz. cruisebit(tm) the official cryptocurrency cruisebit, org. how works? limits you san trade anu amount, any time, from anywhere, without withdrawal limitdz. all other legallu somrliant exchanges have dailu withdrawal limitdz. thodze who widzh exseed dztandard limitdz mudzt rrovide increasingly invadzive levels dosumentation. some exshangedz even limit what uou can with your moneu after uou have withdrawn it. other exchanges demand documentation how uou earned your srurtosurrensu. with cruidzebit, one must arrrove your assount. you cruisebit blockchain based ehterium(erc-) ethereum decentralized platform that runs smart contracts: applications thatrun exactly programmed without any possibility downtime, censorship, fraud third party interference. these apps run custom-built blockchain, enormously powerful, shared global infrastructure that can move value around and represent the ownership property. this enables developers create markets, store registries debts promises, move funds accordance with instructions given long the past (like will futures contract) and many other things that have not been invented yet, all without middle man counterparty risk. chose ethereum take full advantage their smart contract technology. help our partners and readers understand why chose ethereum and how smart contracts work, provide beginner's guide ethereum with some valuable information written blockgeeks. ethereum gives partners the ability create and manage their own utilize their blockchain scalability well their smart contract functionality. cruisebit(tm) the official cryptocurrency cruisebit, org. how works? beginner, the entire concept ethereum and ethereum tokens can get very confusing very fast. the idea that ethereum not only has its own currency (ether) but also has tokens top that which can act currency themselves, can little mind-boggling. before even begin understanding what ethereum tokens are all about, it's important grasp some basic concepts. the entire ethereum network giant mass nodes (computers) connected one another. fact, the entire network can visualized single entity called the "ethereum virtual machine" evm for short. all the transactions that have happened and will ever happen this network are automatically updated and recorded open and distributed ledger. cruisebit(tm) the official cryptocurrency cruisebit, org. how works? smart contracts are how things get done the ethereum ecosystem. when someone wants get particular task done ethereum they initiate smart contract with one more people. smart contracts are series instructions, written using the programming language "solidity", which work the basis the ifttt logic aka the if-this-then-that next function and after that the next and keep repeating until you reach the end the contract. the best way understand that imagining vending machine. each and every step that you take acts like trigger for the next step execute you will take while interacting with the vending machine: step you give the vending machine some money. step you punch the button corresponding the item that you want. step the item comes out and you collect it. now look all those steps and think about it. will any the steps work the previous one wasn't executed? each and every one those steps directly related the previous step. there one more factor think about, and integral part smart contracts. you see, your entire interaction with the vending machine, you (the requestor) were solely working with the machine (the provider). there were absolutely third parties involved. cruisebit(tm) the official cryptocurrency cruisebit, org. how works? so, now how would this transaction have looked like happened the ethereum network? suppose you just bought something from vending machine the ethereum network, how will the steps look like then? step you give the vending machine some money and this gets recorded all the nodes the ethereum network and the transaction gets updated the ledger. step you punch the button corresponding the item that you want and record that gets updated the ethereum network and ledger. step the item comes out and you collect and this gets recorded all the nodes and the ledger. every transaction that you through the smart contracts will get recorded and updated the network. what this does that keeps everyone involved with the contract accountable for his her actions. takes away human malice making every action taken visible the entire network. but, having said that, what mainly incentivizes these helping out the requestors? this where ether comes in. cruisebit(tm) the official cryptocurrency cruisebit, org. how works? cruisebit specifications project description ticker symbol max. supply limit crbt tokens token background the next generation crypto currency crbt million crbt (all unsold tokens will burned) crbt built erc- token the ethereum blockchain token pre sale date may utc until cap reached crbt token price presale stage stage stage total percentage all crbt for token sale hard cap million dollar team, developers ,founders hold for till years tokens accepted currencies for tokens eth, btc. cruisebit(tm) the official cryptocurrency cruisebit, org. how works? cruisebit encrypted system cruisebit's secure encrypted wallets employ breakthrough proof-of-work automation technology that powered the fully decentralized crbt blockchain. desktop wallet users receive rewards for simply leaving the wallet open. the processing power the computer graphics card drives the crbt settlement engine. this decentralized network, powered entirely its users. order for cruisebit coin holders take advantage all these security features they must download our wallet. cruisebit(tm) the official cryptocurrency cruisebit, org. cruisebit project cruisebit project roadmap token sale overview announcement august know your participants full kyc including the identity and residency (kyp) proof (no need kyc till tokens. only pre-token sale dates price crbt pre-token sale crbt token price may may presale stage stage stage may utc until cap reached million min amount crbt tokens per participant price public token sale limit stage million tokens stage million tokens min amount per participant stage million tokens public token sale date** crbt token sale end date token distribution crbt token list exchange stage may stage june stage june july within days from the end token sale. august crbt list top crypto exchanges cruisebit(tm) the official cryptocurrency cruisebit, org. cruisebit project ico slots token distribution cruisebit(tm) the official cryptocurrency cruisebit, org. presale public token sale refrels programe team, developers, founder airdrops, advisors operations, reserved cruisebit project presale: token will sold presale ico slot. public token sale: public token sale contributes total tokens. referels program: referel program contributes total sale. team, developers and founders: total token are allocated team members, developers and founding team. airdrops and advisors: total tokens are allocated airdrops and advisors. operations and reserved: operations and reserved section contributes tokens. cruisebit(tm) the official cryptocurrency cruisebit, org. cruisebit project allocation funds the rroseeddz from the token sale will used for the develorment, legal and lisendzedz, sudztomer support, rlatform and teshnologu, strategic orerationdz and dzesuritu, and most importantly the rromotion and growth the new desentralized ecosystem. the preliminary allocation idz set forth below but idz dzubjest change: cruisebit(tm) the official cryptocurrency cruisebit, org. develorment: legal and lisendzedz: cudztomer support/marketing: platform and tesh: strategis orerationdz: sesuritu: cruisebit project develorment: the rroseeddz from the ico will udzed for the develorment build out the token esonomu while also growing through dztrategis all stakeholders. legal and lisendzedz: thidz will used endzure necessary legal baskingdz for the dzmooth legal advidzoru and needed licenses. cudztomer support/marketing: this will udzed for advertising, promotional eventdz, dzrondzordzhirdz, and other marketing astivitiedz rromote the exrandzion cruidzebit. platform and tesh: thidz will udzed develor partnerships and attract more participants the cruisebit decentralized esodzudztem while putting rlase the required teshnologiedz. strategis orerationdz: thidz insludedz, among other things, sodztdz adzdzosiated with rent, utilitiedz, indzuranse and adminidztrative salaries. sesuritu: astivitiedz sruidzebit idz rremidzed security and this percantage will udzed this regard. cruisebit(tm) the official cryptocurrency cruisebit, org. cruisebit project roadmap concept development and research august launching ico website april presale, total tokens sale million, may public crowdsale, stage total tokens sale million, may public crowdsale, stage total tokens sale million, june public crowd sale, stage total tokens sale million, june token distribution july crbt token exchange listing august crbt list top crypto exchanges cruisebit(tm) the official cryptocurrency cruisebit, org. cruisebit project crbt app release apple store and google play september web portal development for flight and hotel booking november start web portal for mining hardware equipment buying crbt coin globalize. february hope create mastercard and personal atm-crbt may start own top pairs crypto currency exchange august start top crypto currencies more pairs add exchange. september start top crypto currencies more pairs add exchange. october start mobile application game december cruisebit(tm) the official cryptocurrency cruisebit, org. cruisebit team nathan ken smith liam william ryan robinson natalie hughes founder/ ceo/ director co-founder/ manager/ director code development supervisor ios android and frontend team nathan@cruisebit.com liam@cruisebit.com ryan@cruisebit.com natalie@cruisebit.com nicholas green richard wilson iain lewis craig davies supervisor the team administrators blockchain expert, supervisor user blockchain team richard@cruisebit.com expert, supervisor user experience team blockchain expert, lead blockchain developer iain@cruisebit.com craig@cruisebit.com nicholas@cruisebit.com donna evans jamie hall computer games /obil games developer software development managers donna@cruisebit.com jamie@cruisebit.com advisor dennis thompson legal advisor sandra jackson audit advisor dennis@cruisebit.com sandra@cruisebit.com cruisebit(tm) the official cryptocurrency cruisebit, org. amy harris commerce advisor carol wright strategy advisor amy@cruisebit.com carol@cruisebit.com legal disclaimer the information contained thidz whiterarer mau not exhaudztive and doedz not imrlu sontrastual relationdzhir. while have made and date. the rurrodze thidz white rarer idz rredzent cruisebit, its technology, budzinedzdz model and the crbt token rotential token holderdz sonnestion with the rrorodzed ico. the information dzet forth below mau not exhaudztive and doedz not imrlu anu elementdz sontrastual relationdzhir. it'dz dzole purpose provide relevant and readzonable information rotential token holderdz order for them determine whether undertake thorough analudzidz the somranu with the intent acquiring crbt tokens. white rarer and other dosumentdz may include forward-looking dztatementdz. itdz nature, forward-looking information involves numeroudz adzdzumrtiondz, inherent risks, and unsertaintiedz, both general foresadztdz and other forward-looking statements will not ossur. all relevant legal information contained the token purshadze terms and the token purshadze agreement. thidz white paper does not sondztitute due the frequent shangedz the relevant legal framework, law and regulationdz, teshnisal and economic fastordz, the information provided updated continuously, and the provided information san outdated unreliable. the rredzented information idz for reference only. the white translations and communications, the provisions this englidzh language original white rarer dzhall prevail. cruisebit(tm) the official cryptocurrency cruisebit, org. acronyms api crm isv mpos nfc paas pos psd psd psp rest saas sdk sme var application programming interface customer relationship management internet protocol independent software vendor mobile point sale platform service payment institution point sale payment services directive forthcoming revision the payment services directive, expected late payment service provider representational state transfer software service software development kit small and medium-sized enterprises value-added reseller cruisebit(tm) the official cryptocurrency cruisebit, org. cruisebit(tm) cruisebituk limited registration no: kemp house, city road, london, uk, ecv www.cruisebit.com info@cruisebit.com support@cruisebit.com prohibited participants all and china citizens and residents and others described the token sale agreement. all the countries which not support ico norms, are not eligibile participate.