decentralized gaming ecosystem whitepaper integrated with: plink disclaimer: this crycash white paper for information purposes only. crycash does not guarantee the accuracy the conclusions reached this white paper, and this white paper provided "as is." crycash does not make and expressly disclaims all representations and warranties, express, implied, statutory otherwise, whatsoever, including, but not limited to: (i) warranties merchantability, fitness for particular purpose, suitability, usage, title non-infringement; (ii) that the contents this white paper are free from error; and (iii) that such contents will not infringe third-party rights. crc and its affiliates shall have liability for damages any kind arising out the use, reference to, reliance this white paper any the content contained herein, even advised the possibility such damages. event will crc its affiliates liable any person entity for any damages, losses, liabilities, costs expenses any kind, whether direct indirect, consequential, compensatory, incidental, actual, exemplary, punitive special for the use of, reference to, reliance this white paper any the content contained herein, including, without limitation, any loss business, revenues, profits, data, use, goodwill other intangible losses. crc token itself, separately from the platform, does not allow purchasers benefit monetary from purchasing and/or holding the tokens and does not itself generate profit for its users.income would generated the platform which token simply payment method. table contents introduction industry overview benefits for gaming industry benefits for gamers benefits for game developers crycash ecosystem gaming solutions plink application advertising platform for game developers marketplace crycash cybersport betting platform srycash confirmed partnerships profit generation the crycash legal entity buyback strategy crycash crowdsale allocation crycash tokens distribution crycash tokens distribution funds token details roadmap team advisors references introduction crycash independent decentralized ecosystem custom-tailored products for gamers which operates with its own utility token called "crc". ecosystem crycash will disrupt gaming industry creating marketing tools, based innovative technologies for game developers and give gamers the possibility receive crc tokens completing tasks set game developers, buy virtual goods, bett and participate cybersport tournaments. for that crycash will build ecosystem consisting components: plink application, advertising platform, decentralized marketplace for trading games and in-game items, cybersport platform. the first one will serve messenger and wallet for crycash tokens. developers will use plink safe payment method and user acquisition channel that will reinvent the way developers attract players into their games. this ecosystem will built cooperation with crytek gmbh, plink and other third party developers. crycash legal entity will issue erc- digital tokens called crycash (crc) tokens. they will used payment method the crycash ecosystem. game developers will use crc tokens promote their products and attract gamers, which, their turn, will use them currency for in-game purchases, well receive rewards for completing game tasks. game developers and advertisers will get the possibility pay for the services provided the crycash platform using crc tokens well fiat currency. case game developers and advertisers make payments fiat currency, crycash legal entity will provide buyback crc tokens order able pay gamers who completed tasks. crycash legal entity will get fee equal that will include fee for plink. addition crc tokens allow for getting access the unique content and become one the payments methods products developed crytek gmbh such warface (turkey), cryengine marketplace and future products where suitable. cryengine marketplace will the first marketplace join crycash decentralized gaming ecosystem. however later any company developer will able join crycash platform using its sdk. the cooperation between crycash legal entity and crytek gmbh very important for both parties since creates synergy effect and allows users enjoy most the functionality crycash decentralized gaming ecosystem its early launch. plink application that being developed plink collaboration with crycash legal entity. will the first application that will used wallet for crycash tokens holders. addition plink the first application for gamers that enables tracking achievements games and finding new friends for cooperative game with neural network technology. this application integrated with crycash advertising platform. the technology tracking achievements will allow game developers create tasks for gamers inside plink. after accomplishment every task, set game developer, will receive rewards crycash tokens. industry overview sustainable growth gaming industry will play major role establishment crycash decentralized gaming ecosystem. according newzoo market research billion individuals across the globe are expected spend billion computer games. this represents increase billion, .%, from the year addition the global gaming market expected reach billion []. figure global gaming market size, billion market size source: digital game revenues will account for billion the global market. mobile the most lucrative segment, with smartphone and tablet gaming growing year over year billion, claiming the market. mobile gaming will represent just more than half the total games market. the and console game markets will generate billion and billion respectively []. growth in-game purchase volumes another important factor consider. recently transparency market research has published comprehensive report the global social gaming market. forecasted reach billion this market has three main segments: virtual goods market, advertising, lead generation. virtual goods market will the main growth driver for the global social gaming market with expected cagr over the forecasted period. surprisingly most the virtual goods are purchased so-called free play games (see figure ..) []. table virtual goods purchases free play games mmo games social networks games console games casual games source: important mention that currently there are tools that would enable users transact directly with each other, third party needed. gaming platforms usually play role such intermediaries. however they are unable support all countries their users originate from due small size average purchases (see figure "average size purchases") and high fixed costs associated with money transfers. such situation deficiency current financial system that blockchain provides instruments solve. figure average size purchases, in-game currency subscription codes equipment maps/ levels weapons virtual gifts power ups source: sustainable growth global gaming market and lack standardized payment methods well inefficient advertising tools generate need for new highly reliable advertising instruments and payment methods that crycash strives fulfil. benefits for gaming industry gaming industry international and diverse its nature. involves billions gamers and millions developers interacting. however this interaction inefficient due flaws traditional financial system and outdated marketing approaches. lacks effective tools for players monetize their game time, collaborate and communicate. game developers are challenged high fees from marketplaces and high costs acquiring users. crycash decentralized gaming ecosystem solves these problems introducing revolutionary custom-tailored products for players and developers. the primary goal crycash change the way gaming industry operates utilizing programmable logic smart contracts, immutability blockchain ledger and high speed transactions that blockchain technology enables. these features are crucial crycash platform and they lie the core every product service that crycash delivers. however for making the most these features token necessary. crc token fuels the ecosystem serving utility token which designed incentivize users interact with crycash ecosystem and make profit. borderless nature blockchain with the help crc tokens will allow peer-to-peer ingame transactions. distributed essence blockchain combined with crc tokens will create framework for fostering interaction between gamers and developers the latter can promote their products more efficiently. even though crycash legal entity the only entity crycash ecosystem that exercises all managerial and promotional functions has authority control users and developers and, thus, has instruments resolve disputes within the ecosystem. crc token used align incentives all stakeholders the ecosystem. benefits for gamers currently there are lot inconveniences that users face when playing games. there easy way find players that would fit the rest the squad such criteria gaming experience, language, location and favourite gaming time. players spend hundreds hours gaming time finding valuable in-game assets that worth something the market and then they still face difficulties with making in-game transactions. addition there are high entry barriers for new players that want earn money participating e-sports tournaments. crycash ecosystem solves the above mentioned problems the following way: earn crc tokens completing tasks set game developers and advertisers plink pay with crc tokens within crytek products (for example warface turkey) pay for products and services the cryengine marketplace pay for games, in-game items and trade with hard-to-get, rare and collectible items team with other players cybersport platform create your own game tournaments participate third party challenges make bets for e-sports events and win crc tokens cybersport betting platform make cash-out fiat money pay within crycash ecosystem enhanced security each transaction with crc tokens thanks blockchain technology benefits for game developers each year game developers spend billions dollars customer acquisition. however considerable amount that money wasted due the inefficient advertising tools that are available the market right now. crycash ecosystem provides them with wide range unique tools for boosting their profits and promoting online products. game developers will benefit from using crycash platform by: gaining critical mass users quickly and cost-efficiently getting access new efficient and secure way receiving payments from gamers significantly reduced customer acquisition cost increased customer lifetime enhanced engagement new users possibility use unique gamers targeting instruments (gaming activity, favourite time playing, gaming experience, age, gender, location and etc) increase returns per user basis due in-game purchases high growth ltv driven gamers hunt for items and accomplish tasks from game developers for crc tokens crycash ecosystem gaming solutions plink application crycash legal entity allows investors earn crc tokens using plink application (plink) carrying out tasks game developers. plink blend messenger and social network for gamers. its neural network allows them look for friends play cooperative games with. addition plink enables users track each others' progress various games, get updates what their friends are playing given moment time, form teams (squads) for daily combats, communicate with each other via voice conferences and cross-platform chats. the technology question (earning crc tokens for accomplishing tasks) will made possible the advertising platform that being developed crycash legal entity. this platform will serve game developers tool for setting specialised tasks for gamers. the aim such tasks will attract new users games. also this platform will provide game developers with withdrawal mechanism rewarding gamers with crc tokens for successfully accomplished tasks. let consider example. warface turkey sets task gamer with advertising platform. this tasks will become available for gamer through plink. definition task: register warface and kill enemies with head shot and add friends. for that user will receive crc tokens. crycash decided use plink application build the technology for rewarding players due its advanced functionality that allows plink track gamers activities crossplatform games. this technology will enable advertising platform monitor the status tasks assigned gamers developers well transfer them crc tokens. these tokens will delivered srycash wallet plink. crycash legal entity has exclusive partnership with plink and will promote this application among gamers. doing this crycash legal entity will increase number users and enhance potential profits from advertising opportunities within the app. advertising platform will charge game developers commission fee the amount the gamers' remuneration plink application. this fee will split equally between crycash advertising platform and plink. advertising platform for game developers feedback that crycash received from game developers gives solid evidence that there problem insufficient engagement new players video games. developers spend their time and resources creating state-of-the-art action games that players would love. however the latter usually quit playing before they actually get acquainted with gameplay. fact more than half users spend less than hour the game after registration. that why they usually not have enough time appreciate the quality gameplay. before, game developers had spend their marketing budgets inefficient facebook ads, google ads some types cpa advertising. however these marketing tools not fit the needs modern gaming industry. that why crycash legal entity introduces its very own advertising platform (ap) which designed interact directly with all products crycash ecosystem. currently utilizes plink and crycash cybersport platform for engaging new users. plink has unique task setting system which allows track users' progress accomplishment quests they took from developers. currently the latter use services advertising agencies' attract new gamers. this business model game developers pay for each user that registered the game. usually advertising agencies use bots create fake accounts, hard evaluate efficiency such customer acquisition channel. addition impossible calculate the time that user spent playing the game. result game developers waste their money. task setting system via advertising platform (ap) plink introduces elegant solution these problems. now game developers will able create special intelligent tasks their games that can not accomplished bots. essentially, crycash ecosystem developing "proof game" that will make new users prove their active presence the game actually playing it. the role plink track it. consequence, individuals will fully engaged into the games they play and developers will have better chances sell in-game items. and plink that track progress developers have time actually built new products. mobile application plink has already started support tracking users' activity more than the most popular games cross-platform. api the advertising platform can used game developers interact with users their game still unsupported and plink. has wide range analytical instruments for efficiency assessment advertising campaigns plink and cybersport platform. all the reports can accessed through user profile. their copies are also sent the advertisers email. advertiser can manage levels access its employees through user profile. allows game developers top their account with fiat money well with crc tokens. case account replenishment with fiat money fee charged. done incentivize game developers utilize crc tokens means payment the ecosystem. large game developers will able enjoy postpaid services crycash ecosystem. for that raised funds will reserved for token buyback and elimination cash gaps. advertising platform developed crycash legal entity will provide game developers with possibility set tasks for gamers with web interface and through the api. game developers can keep track the number users that started completing tasks and monitor their progress the game. advertising platform will make possible choose specific tasks. this will allow game developers set tasks with wide range specific configurations based users online data and stats, such as: geolocation gaming preferences gaming experience popular time playing users sex and age addition will enable game developers promote and host decentralized esports tournaments for both professional and amateur gamers and allow them receive crc tokens such tournaments via crycash cybersport platform. cybersport platform will integrated with well. with the help game developers and advertisers will sponsor tournaments, set sponsorship rewards and buy advertising services. today there are promotional tools and platforms that would have revolutionary functionality will provide. marketplace making its way into the market, crycash legal entity established partnership with cryengine the highly advanced development solution for the creation blockbuster games, movies, high-quality simulations and interactive applications. powered crytek, cryengine the only all-in-one game development solution for the and game consoles which brought into the world such legendary bestseller crytek's farcry, well dozens third-party games under crytek's licensing scheme: sniper: ghost warrior and snow. warhorse studios uses modified version the engine for medieval rpg kingdom come: deliverance. introduced cryengine's marketplace offers developers access crytek's own asset library, well community contributed materials, sounds, and objects that can used build their games. now crycash will available one the payment methods cryengine marketplace, addition traditional payment options. paying for assets, game items, and services has never been easy and secure! game developers who sell their products the marketplace will also able receive payments crc tokens and either use them reward gamers for completing their tasks, easily cash-out fiat currencies. this innovation will allow the cryengine community rearrange seamless payment process for third party developers' products. moreover, cryengine marketplace will feature the built-in crycash sdk delivering the ultimate experience game developers. with crycash sdk developers can integrate crycash into their products and take advantage making and receiving payments crycash tokens. this integration will completed the and cryengine marketplace will provide its customers with crc token payment method integration with the cryengine marketplace will additional incentive for the token's seamless flow within the crycash ecosystem. the global vision crycash launch independent blockchain-based marketplace for third party developers. the crycash marketplace will become secure and convenient platform for purchasing games with crc tokens. using crycash sdk will also allow game developers cut fees which they have pay with traditional distribution platforms for instance, for steam this fee may crycash ecosystem plans expand its integration into other games and distribution platforms, such steam, battlenet, ovo and others. launch the independent crycash marketplace for games and in-game content distribution scheduled for the end crycash sdk crycash sdk designed for developers create their in-game marketplace sell in-game items and earn crycash. integrating the crycash sdk and adding the list game items for sale, game developers give users opportunity sign using their plink account connected with their crycash wallet. after this users can make purchases games with their crycash wallet and confirm all transactions via the app. smart contract for gamedeveloper sdk will guarantee the item's delivery the user, check user balance and offer him particular items etc.. various business models will supported (pay-to-play, free-to-play and pay-to-win). the crycash sdk won't available publicly, but anyone will have possibility test within their product game downloading the necessary libraries and using test access. once the product developed, will verify function call the smartcontract exclude any possible errors the code responsible for the transaction. this way we'll guarantee that all crycash users will receive the assets they paid for. all transactions are stored blockchain and every user can easily prove the fact his purchase has been paid for, hasn't been delivered for some reason. our libraries will work with most the popular engines, such cryengine, unreal engine and unityd. other programming languages used game developers will added later. sdk methods: auth (apikey and sellerid) plink oauth itemslist (itemname, price and etc.) add remove transaction (itemid, userid and etc.) sell refund status checkuserbalance making transactions using crycash and sell in-game items will available using the api for gamedevelopers. crycash sdk will first integrated with the cryengine marketplace. eventually this sdk will adapted, supported and developed for other popular platforms. crycash cybersport betting platform the global e-sports market has active players different tournaments over million dollars were distributed rewards among winners [,]. important note that such tournaments are extremely centralized and significant entry barriers prevent millions players from becoming professional gamers. addition this problem e-sports industry suffers from scaling issues and lacks efficient mechanisms attracting new players. crycash will build decentralized cybersport platform ethereum. this blockchain was chosen due functionality that can achieved using its smart contracts. crycash platform will allow enthusiasts compete their favorite games through decentralized and automated platform which will: decrease entry barriers for both professional and amatuer players mitigate risks associated with non-payment rewards the winners different intermediaries allow less popular and known players start participating international competitions reward gamers using api crycash cybersport platform provide game developers with unique advertising tool which will increase players' engagement host tournaments for both professionals and amateurs provide access new types events that can bet crc token will become inevitable part crycash ecosystem that will allow its users to: bet e-sports events registered crycash cybersport platform win crc tokens competing various tournaments. web/pc/game consoles/ ios/android games will supported access additional premium functionality such getting rewards for taking different actions within the ecosystem (e.g. linking social network accounts the platform, attracting new users and accessing premium content crycash) for the first time users will have complete control over their funds which possible due the decentralized nature crycash platform. the payments and payouts made the players and settled the ethereum blockchain without being processed bank any third party entity. this decentralized model reduces transaction and other operating costs. saved funds will passed the consumer adding value that competitors cannot provide. existing centralized solutions put consumers risk since gamers' accounts and deposits can hacked, embezzled, even blocked. the crycash cybersport platform will host both centralized and decentralized gaming tournaments. decentralized tournaments platform's decentralized tournaments will set and run users the platform who have crc tokens. the latter will the only accepted tokens the decentralized tournament ecosystem. crycash plans use smart contracts allow gamers create tournaments for web/pc, game consoles (xbox, playstation) and mobile (ios, android) games. similar crycash itself, these tournaments will under full control the players, with witnesses verify results. addition gamers can create their own tournaments and use their own crc tokens virtual assets prizes. this will allow all interested gamers participate tournaments using smart contacts embodied the crycash cybersport platform. centralized tournaments centralized gaming tournaments will take place well. they will run developers and used for promotion their games through crycash advertising platform. these tournaments will serve instrument encourage player participation within particular game. gamers will earn crc tokens from sponsorship contributions from game developers. gamers that have achieved certain profile status based crc tokens earned held, may have special eligibility into some all these tournaments. future vision crycash aims the preferred global platform for skill- based esports competitors and play essential part shaping the future blockchain- based projects. this project will initially focus solely gaming community, but will expand include all the major competitive esports games. ultimately, crycash will leading brand competitive e-sports, affiliated with gaming well influential regional and global tournaments. crycash will also work with game developers forming symbiotic relationships enhance the gaming experience for all users. doing will encourage higher level participation both parties' platforms and bring crc tokens and decentralized applications one step closer mainstream. crycash intends obtain all the necessary approvals for this important feature one the key steps post-ico. srycash confirmed partnerships crycash has established partnerships with legendary brands such crytek's warface turkey, well achieved confirmed integration into cryengine marketplace and plink. there are ongoing negotiations with other potential partners expand crycash network. warface turkey brought crytek, warface turkey fast-paced shooter crammed with cooperative and competitive action, stacks game modes and wealth weapons for players get their hands on. gamers can choose play riflemen, medics, snipers engineers they work together and attempt uproot the blackwood military faction co-op play, choose their side and lock horns with fellow players versus battles. crycash will integrated into warface turkey one the payment methods for in-game items. warface turkey will also use crycash advertising platform acquire new users. gamers will able earn crc tokens completing tasks set warface turkey plink. cryengine marketplace cryengine marketplace created crytek enables developers access individual assets from crytek's own library, well thousands materials, sounds, and objects created the cryengine community and other trusted vendors. crycash will integrated into cryengine marketplace one the payment methods allowing pay and receive payments for assets, in-game items and services plink plink the first application for gamers designed for collaboration and communication among players and receiving crc tokens for completing tasks set game developers and advertisers through advertising platform. plink will also used wallet for crc tokens holders. profit generation the crycash legal entity crycash legal entity uses such methods monetization that will allow company not only generate profit but develop and promote crycash cryptocurrency and establish new partnerships well. revenue sources crycash legal entity are follows: payment processing fee will charged for making transactions crycash ecosystem using crycash wallet. the latter will integrated into plink application and will available ios/android/desktop versions for each member crycash ecosystem crycash will provide cryengine marketplace with sdk accept payments with crycash. crycash will charge cryengine marketplace fee for all payments advertising platform fee paid for the rewards gamer receives for accomplishing tasks plink (this fee will split between plink app and srycash legal entity equally) cybersport betting platform betting fees tournaments sponsored developers are subject fee the size prize pool decentralized tournaments srycash legal entity provides gamers with smart contracts that automatically manage funds and distribute rewards. for that fee will charged the size prize pool crycash ecosystem plans establish more partnerships the future. addition long-term strategy crycash legal entity implies launch new monetization methods. token buy back strategy secure the crc token's stability and stimulate continuous market demand crycash ecosystem will apply its token buy back program designed for the benefit all token holders. within this strategy the crycash ecosystem will buy its own crc tokens the secondary market (at cryptocurrency exchanges) reward players who successfully complete game tasks picked through the plink application, winners the cybersport platform tournaments and bets. for this, the amount raised during the token sale will reserved dedicated fund used for token buy back program the future. the future crycash will spend profits for buying the crc token exchanges reward users for completing tasks set game developers. this approach will ensure crycash token's seamless flow within our ecosystem and provide for its ultimate vitality. crycash platform going start its token buy back program just after the release crycash advertising platform crycash crowdsale: allocation crc tokens hidden hardcap: revealed the cap reached. these will issued once the crowdsale completed. duration: the fundraiser will run for days until the hidden cap reached, with hour minimum time. crc tokens can purchased with btc, bch, eth, ltc, dash. all funds will received and held multi-signature wallets. distribution crc tokens /// token distribution: crc will issued the contributors the fundraiser, the legal entity's long-term operating budget, founders, team members, allocated partnerships, advisors and community grants. token distribution long-term reserve advisors partnership token sale team founders and team contributors will subject two year vesting schedule. team tokens are locked for the first months, and will vested over period months total. team members will transferred their tokens after months, and then every months afterward. the team list may updated during the month vesting period. advisor tokens are locked for months and distributed fully. distribution funds all funds received will disbursed the crycash legal entity. will reserved for buyback program will reserved for marketing purposes and business development popularize crc tokens between gamers and game developers will spent development integrating decentralized technology virtual marketplace, decentralized gamer vs. gamer match wagering, and decentralized tournament environment will spent administration/operational expenses will reserved for contingency legal contigency operations byuback program marketing and business development development token details name symbol crycash crc token sale date december utc token sale end january utc hidden hardcap bonus for all bonus for big investors revealed the cap reached. during the first hours: december th: december th: december st, january th, starting january th, the bonus amount will decrease every hours until utc january for eth+ transactions (throughout token sale) token standard erc- token features utility token token exchange rate eth per crc (i.e. crc per eth) planed listing exchanges february crc utility token which serves the only payment method within the crycash ecosystem. every purchase, sale, exchange, any other transaction the platform will require the use crc tokens. will used across the crycash ecosystem and will not limited the ecosystem the future. the number crycash tokens will strictly limited. the end token sale, more crc tokens will ever issued. roadmap the birth crycash idea development plink app marketing and industry research and reaching primary agreement with game developers development blockchain sdk for party developers marketplaces. crycash tokensale, early access plink app beta for token holders token emission, crycash token listing, api integration crycash warface with more than million gamers beta release crytek's marketplace with crycash sdk release crycash wallet based plink app/possibility complete tasks from game developers receive rewards for gamers start token buyback program release automatic advertising platform for game developers release cybersport platform with bettings events api integration crycash games with more than million gamers gol dman nent epr eneur egi ndl derwi h+y sofe per enc besunder member hechi efe eoffic era ndc ounderoft hea genc ompa bot ort ovi bot oundedc ompa ona pea era nda quot edwi del ont het opi sofa genc ega nnov on, ona nge ega hnol ogy ent epr eneur sna medt hef besrus upoft hey ongwi hmyl ega ounderf orourwor ndpol ebeenf edi nnumer ousna ona ona medi aout udi ngf bes vent ebea hene tweb, hcr unc evgeni yevgr chi hnol ogyoffic geni ndev oper hea horofs ont orcrycas hov ont but onsongi hubov ert hepa spor ount ordoz ensofs udi ngwor orvk ont ndroc amo-bi eonl nkba nmos ow, rus atcrycas hhe e-s pons ors rai crycas hcbdo des gner tdi ora nds ent epr eneurwi sofe per enc des gnf ort her wor myma ppr ng, onesa ndgoodwi nes oundeds tup-- oonl oom. hes onbec meoneoft hemos edonama eta ndwes hec ompa nyi oundedhel oba by-- bes smobi yec &oneoft hemos edf oni napps awa bes toft hey rbyappl d&ad, webby awwwa des gnet vanzames cus omerdev opment dpr oduc tma gera nde ges ges nde om) hmi onda yus ndy nde xdomi ngrus nma etov ergoogl ert hel woy sweha unc hedt orui upda eswi ourma rus eya nduk ne) demons eda oduc sons hedul edi ndc omerdev opmentpr esa nda ppl hem hepr oduc tdev opmentpr oaf ounderofawebdes gns udi yur ban oduc tma ger