whitepaper public ver. (en) https://crypviser.network copyrights crypviser gmbh dusseldorf, germany preamble ................................................................................................................ executive summary ...................................................................................................... the idea: introduction the world encrypted interaction .......................... how can encryption easier and the same time strong and professional? what are the main benefits more secure interaction? who needs confidential interaction? security challenges communication networks security issues communication networks classical models encryption networks end-to-end user-side encryption technology the technology: csmp blockchain-based security protocol cryptography model blockchain public-key authentication security core blockchain-based server authorization local security the key advantages our technology glance the possibilities: creating secure multi-purpose ecosystem private community secure business network cvcore cvcoin and cvpay openworld future work: crypviser blockchain conclusion about the author references preamble not only business people and politicians, but also consumers have been realizing lately that our economies and societies are undergoing dramatic changes due the so-called "digitalization". the term "digitalization" refers variety different phenomena with strong impact our daily life's and the way value created our economies. the future research company "z-punkt" uses another term and writes about "connected reality major trend that currently turning the "connected reality into reality the "internet things". "network internet-connected objects able collect and exchange data using embedded sensors." example which repeated quite often public discussions the refrigerator, which connected the internet and can autonomously order fresh food necessary. but the internet things far more: based the rapidly decreasing costs high-performance sensors literally everything can equipped with sensor and get connected. this world total interconnection everyone and everything, "cyber-security" becomes main driver cyber-security has many facets. plays crucial role all kinds contexts. when many employees use their smart phones from work for private purposes well, who can make sure that confidential information truly secure? when large corporations collecting vast amounts data start working together, who can guarantee that they not become too powerful and use their knowledge exploit blackmail consumers? when factories and power plants with all their highly sensitive and confidential data get connected the internet things, who will make sure that the competition criminals not get access? megatrends and market drivers punkt the foresight company the internet things, found at: http://www.businessinsider.de/what-is-the-internet-of-things-definition-?r=us&ir=t definition study conducted the american company raytheon outlines, that all enterprises are not ready protect billions cyber-vulnerable devices.the different purposes cyber-security interconnected world will occupy researchers and entrepreneurs for years come. this whitepaper, will focus the specific security issues communications networks and how they can solved. will discuss the main risks, but also the opportunities cyber-security, especially before the background the game-changing technological revolution blockchain. what the blockchain and what does do? according the oxford dictionaries, the blockchain digital ledger which transactions made bitcoin another cryptocurrency are recorded chronologically and publicly." provides secure way "making and recording transactions, agreements and contracts anything that needs recorded and verified having taken place. but the blockchain not kept one place only, distributed across network computers. could dozen, hundred even thousands people. the digital ledger becomes extensive list transactions, getting bigger and bigger. how can this technology used for cyber-security purposes? the blockchain automatically distributes information among the entire network. nobody can make alterations the information without being noticed and "stopped" the network. this means that external attackers would have gain access every computer the network that hosts the blockchain database the same time manipulate it, which regarded practically impossible. raytheon, cyber security trends infographic found at: http://www.raytheon.com/news/rtnwcm/groups/gallery/documents/content/rtn_.pdf definition "blockchain", found at: https://en.oxforddictionaries.com/definition/blockchain market assessment estimated that bln. has been invested blockchain technology alone. blockchain technology has become known wider public because the crypto-currency bitcoin. but the use-cases for this technology not only include financial transactions, but wide range interesting fields business. this whitepaper, will outline our vision more secure interaction communication networks and beyond based blockchain technology and our specific approach cyber-security and confidentiality. waldemar konradi, ceo crypviser executive summary the key take-aways this whitepaper are the following: our societies and economies are facing technological revolution. interconnected world, cyber-security becomes crucial both individuals well enterprises. now, most individuals and companies are not prepared provide sufficient security regarding their communication. crypviser intends change that. the blockchain can revolutionize many businesses and markets. has enormous potential regarding cyber security. crypviser uses blockchain technology develop bullet-proof solutions for and markets. providing genuine encryptions key identification, crypviser can prevent any kind manipulation, interceptions and "man-in-themiddle" (mitm) attacks all communication levels. crypviser products and solutions are based the underlying thought creating eco-system safe interaction for consumers well business customers. the business opportunities today are diverse. crypviser intends positioned pioneer and thought leader regarding blockchain usage for cyber-security purposes for instant communication networks. the idea: introduction the world encrypted interaction how can encryption easier and the same time strong and professional? ever since the emergence bitcoin, the crypto-community has been growing. nonetheless, the cryptocommunity only small target group technically highly competent people with strong web-affinity. crypviser has developed unbeatable security model, which professionally designed meet the highest standards cryptography for securely exchanging and storing all kinds data. the vision crypviser make encrypted interaction understandable for the public and available for the mass market make our vision come true, are committed two major pillars our ideology: the development easy-to-use, user-centric products and solutions interesting for wide range markets and purposes the approach thought leadership (including publications like this whitepaper but also participation notable events), informing the public and investors about the potential our technology what are the main benefits more secure interaction? the advantages more secure interaction are diverse. there are all kinds crucial information that should kept confidential. here are some examples: consumers want their personal information safe, for example their address, credit card number car key frequency. government institutions are dealing with all kinds sensitive information daily, for instance tax information. insurances and attorneys have gathered vast amounts confidential data, for example regarding the financial legal issues their customers. medical institutions need protect and securely exchange all confidential information related the patients according the laws most countries. financial organizations mostly dealing and exchanging with top secret financial and brokerage data related their customers and partners. leakage this kind data could cause serious financial damage and reputational risk. businesses have strong demand keeping technical specifications their most important products and services confidential, because the success their business depends this information. who needs confidential interaction? indicated above, confidential interaction may benefit large variety different target groups. the following scenarios are helpful outline the benefits encrypted communication for different stakeholders: casual user imagine average person, who annoyed the lack security the contemporary popular social networks. someone who would appreciate lot their information, for example private pictures the beach, are protected properly. wealthy businessman wants communicate safely with his children who are currently studying abroad. since has had threats kidnapping before, needs easy-to-use communication solution, which keeps sensitive information like the whereabouts his children confidential. middle-class business owner works hard create highly complex technical products for specialized purposes. due industrial espionage, his company has already suffered devastating economic losses. highly secure communication solution needed immediately. should easy implement (e.g. cloud service). ceo/cto large corporation this gentleman runs large `factories that produce state-of-the-art batteries. the products are dangerous themselves and should never fall into the wrong hands. therefore, this person needs solution for highly encrypted communication and data exchange which can integrated into already available systems. government official this lady responsible for the management highly sensitive data, for example regarding military international affairs. she needs partner with proven track record excellence creating encrypted communication solutions. security challenges communication networks current security issues communication networks today, the most popular communication networks for instant data exchange, such gsm, skype, wechat, slack, google talk, facebook etc., not provide adequate level protection and privacy. classical schemes such systems mainly mean data exchange between parties unprotected way. such communication models are serious threat safety, integrity and privacy the transmitted information figure security challenges unprotected network shown figure open unprotected system subject three main types attacks: leakage user's data third parties voluntarily accidentally due the provider. threat unauthorized interception data exchange between parties (alice and bob) from the intruder eva. the "man-in-the-middle" attack, during which intruder intercepts and substitutes information, transmitted between alice and bob. result, bob thinks that talks with alice, and alice thinks that she shares data with bob, but fact data could intercepted and replaced the "man-in-the-middle", who can act the behalf bob and alice accordingly. figure pki security model classic model encrypted network protect against the above types threats communication networks, classic cryptographic protocols and technologies are mainly used (such ssl, vpn, pptp, srtp etc.,) based asymmetric data encryption standards and keys exchange. such models the data exchange performed encrypted form, which eliminates the possibility data interception. also eliminates the threat from the intruder eva. even the encrypted data intercepted, cannot decrypted without the keys. however, the main types threats, such "deliberate leakage data" and "man-in-the-middle attack" remain effort, encryption performed the provider's server side follows that classical server-based peer-to-peer encryption models are suitable for use only corporate networks, using internal cas (certificate authorities), but not public cloud-based (untrusted) networks. although using servers prevents man-in-the-middle attacks, but the servers itself are vulnerable for different kind attacks. public-key cryptography may vulnerable impersonation, even users' private keys are not available. successful attack certification authority will allow adversary impersonate whomever she chooses using public-key certificate from the compromised authority bind key the adversary's choice the name another user. end-to-end user-side encryption technology eliminate the threat from the provider's side and exclude from the encryption process, today many platforms use the popular end-to-end user-side encryption based asymmetric encryption protocols. the technology involves generating secret and public key local device for each user. this case, all types data transmitted are encrypted two keys the same time secret and public one. the public key used for data encryption and can freely transmitted over the network between users. for data decryption, the secret key used, which always kept the user side and never leaves its device. the pair secret and public keys has stiff mathematical relation, that data can decrypted only the both keys are available. since the secret key never transmitted and kept the user's device only, the data can decrypted only the recipient whose public key was used for data encryption. figure end end encryption scheme however, since the provider's server acts trusted party data and public keys exchange between the users alice and bob, there still the threat "man-in-the-middle" attack. this case, the server can intercept public keys and replace them with its own and start acting behalf one the users, thereby manipulating data between them. the major drawback this scheme the lack ability identify user's public keys and confirm their authenticity, which allows the "man the middle" attacks the provider side such models are mostly used enterprise and cloud-public networks, for instance simsme messenger deutsche post, which has such vulnerability. the technology: csmp blockchain-based security protocol cryptography model crypviser has developed unified secure instant communication network with real end-to-end encryption and unique blockchain based authentication. comprehensive new generation communication platform, which meets modern challenges for information security and increased demand for data privacy and protection instant data exchange networks. features reliable protection all layers. the main technological solution the genuine user-side encryption and blockchain-based public key authentication mechanism provided the csmp protocol figure csmp protocol blockchain-authentication method the encryption keys exchange, distribution and management algorithms (authentication process) the most important phase any cryptographic model. without properly designed authentication model, the encryption looks like house with strong armored front door, but with open windows. it's hard get inside the house through the front door, but easy climb through unprotected windows. so, the security model the most popular instant exchange networks looks like this house. crypviser introduces the solution the biggest historical challenge asymmetric cryptography: public-keys decentralized distribution based blockchain technologies blockchain-based authentication model allows users truly identify and confirm each other's public keys. this eliminates the mitm threat and any kind manipulation attempts from the server and third parties' sides. the algorithm: the idea based the blockchain features decentralized distribution and management the public keys. since the blockchain decentralized database, contains information the correspondence the unique identifier each user and the first half his public key (id: first_half (pk)). crypviser's server (cv-server) contains information about the correspondence between the unique user and the value the second half its public key (id: second_half (pk)). initial authentication: during the account registration process, the crypviser app generates unique value and initial secret (shared key) the user's local device. the public key derived from the sk. these keys are permanently used for initial authentication purposes only. the cv-server, which operates node blockchain, has its own key pair. account registration: after completion the registration process new key-pair generated the user's device related the account. the same time, unique hash crypid generated based the different sources entropy, such partial hashes symmetric key used for local database protection and user's passphrase. the second part the public key, crypid and user (id: second_half (pk):crypid) are transmitted the cv-server using the established secure connection. the user which was generated during the initial authentication phase, intended for providing anonymity the cv-server side. blockchain integration: record the first half the initial public key blockchain, the user executes transaction (sends authentication tokens) favor the cv-server. the transaction contains meta-data with value the first_half (pk) which recorded blockchain ledger. afterward the recorded part the user must verified the cv-server and user sides eliminate any mitm attack attempts during the transmitting the half-part the through the network. only the owner the secret key can "spend" the tokens solving the special cryptographic "problem" related the complex calculations with crypid. this means that cv-server proves the validity the first part the user recorded into the blockchain. prove and validate the first part recorded blockchain the user side, cvserver similarly sends authentication tokens the user. the crypviser app performs the same algorithms validate the authenticity the recorded part its pk. this way, the cv-server and user verify the authenticity ledger, ensured other nodes through the data distribution feature the half-part user's initial the same time the ledger, ensured other nodes through the data distribution feature. figure public-key distribution through blockchain public-key authentication: the algorithm the public-key distribution and validation between parties shortly described below: party wants initiate new encrypted session and sends message containing: (nonce_a, timestamp_a) party sends the following response: (nonce_b, timestamp_b,e[(timestamp_a, nonce_a, id_v, hash(id:rk_v))sk_b]crypid_v)sk_b, where, e[(timestamp_a, nonce_a,id_b, hash(id:rk_v))sk_b] crypid_v the output the encrypted data with crypid belonging party important note that the data first signed party b's key and then encrypted. user receives the message and forwards request the cv-server through the secured tls channel e[(timestamp_a, nonce_a,id_v, hash(id: rk_v))sk_b] crypid_v), the cv-server with the crypid party decrypts the ciphertext and verifies that party b's stored locally matches the its derived from the decrypted data; then receives the first part from the blockchain ledger the party and combines with the second-part stored local database, well checks the digital signature the received data. .the cv-server signs the message with its secret key, encrypts with the party's crypid and sends the following data the party e[('ok', timestamp_a, nonce_a,id_b,hash(id: rk_v), second_half(rk_v))sk_s]crypid_a. once receives the message, party performs the following actions: decrypts the data received from the cv-server and checks the digital signature; compares the values timestamp_a and nonce_a with those previously sent the party the value timestamp_a should the allowable timeframe but the nonce_a value should match. party requests the blockchain and gets the first part which belongs party derive the whole public key party combining the received part from blockchain and from the cv-server checks the digital signature the entire package received from user earlier; calculates hash (id:rk_v)) and compares with the hash value data received from the cv-server. case successful completion all validations, party considers that pk_b originally belongs party then party sends party the following message e[(timestamp_v, nonce_v,id_a, hash(id:rk_a))sk_a] crypid_a party follows the same algorithm obtain and authenticate the public key party secure communication: all further transactions encryption keys derivation required for the csmp protocol establish secure communication channel between parties held through blockchain. allows keep permanent automated control the security model through integrated smart intrusion detection system having manually transparent access any transaction for investigation purposes. security core figure security levels blockchain-based server authorization known, security issues all details matter and play important role. this the reason that the classic client-server authorization technologies became unsuitable and not meet current security requirements. crypviser cares its users professional manner and introduces patent-pending complex authorization solution prevent any possibility the user's meta-data manipulation the service provider side. unlike conventional user authentication algorithms used most the known networks, the unique user identifier the crypviser network crypid generated locally the user side, and then transmitted the blockchain. crypid generated using innovative cryptographic algorithm, using various sources entropy, which provides the highest degree uniqueness and avoids mathematical collisions. moreover, for every user connection, one-time session authorization token generated based crypid, which used and compared locally, identify the user the server. the session authorization token destroyed after the session termination. this measure eliminates any possibility manipulation with unique user crypid the crypviser servers. local security all kind data stored the user device standalone encrypted storage, independent from the base such android ios. crypviser's data storage protected symmetric bit encryption key, generated based the user's finger-motions, during the application installation. the same time, the symmetric key protected with passphrase defined user. thereby, even case physical leakage protected database the loss control over the device, all sensitive data will kept safe and untouchable. however, provide the highest level usability, crypviser's users can securely save the local storage's password through the patent-pending multi-level hash encryption method. which means, that some part cryptographic hash isn't stored locally, but calculated automatically based unique algorithm for each device. the key advantages our technology glance crypviser has essential advantages and the first introduce range disruptive solutions: blockchain authentication automated blockchain based authentication and verification prevent all kinds mitm attacks intelligent intrusion detection allows timely detection and prevention from the most dangerous third party interception attack attempts multi-device support the first secure network with multi-device support that enables you run the same crypviser account different devices secure sync secure multi-device synchronization encrypted mode the possibilities: creating secure multi-purpose ecosystem private community crypviser aims providing the best secure interaction products for consumer well business target groups. the product family will continuously growing. for consumers, crypviser developed its flagship solution called private community. the private community offers wide range features. the following table indicates the available plans and features. figure features and plans private community features free best max limited size unlimited unlimited device devices devices encrypted unlimited instant messaging (chats) and voice messages exchange secure unlimited voice calls encrypted video calls secure photo/video/file sharing auto-destruction feature cvpay exchange (fund transfers) encrypted local storage blockchain-based authentication (protection against mitm attacks) manual authentication (mitm protection) intrusion detection system multi-device support encrypted sync between multi devices group calls local security features incoming international number (for choose) free minutes package for secure international calls (for choose) secure business the secure business network cloud-based secure solution for enterprises, containing wide range features allowing build own encrypted online communication and instant data exchange infrastructure. it's saas subscription based solution available for easy deployment and maintenance, without investment expensive equipment and security audit for small and medium size companies. the following table indicates the available plans and features. figure features and plans secure business features incoming business numbers start pro ultimate encrypted unlimited instant messaging (chats)and voice messages unlimited full audio and video calls group calls local security features secure photo/video/file sharing (unlimited) auto-destruction feature encrypted local storages automated blockchain based authentication (protection against mitm attacks) intrusion detection system cross-platform multi-device support encrypted sync between multi-devices network and user's management through single management system user licenses included cvcore for larger corporations and enterprises, crypviser developing powerful solution -cvcore. cvcore comprises the cryptographic secure technology and allows larger companies and e-commerce platforms integrate the core cryptography and security model any existing infrastructure regardless its complexity. all essential benefits crypviser's core technologies are based blockchain and can obtained without having invest expensive equipment conduct serious technical updates completely hassle-free solution, providing companies with unbeatable cyber-security for all kinds secure data exchange and storage purposes. cvcoin and cvpay ensure the highest-level confidentiality crypviser has issued unique authentication crypto token: cvcoin. the main purpose cvcoin covering charges blockchain transactions for authentication purposes, authorize and identify the users' public encryption keys and provide the highest level security within the crypviser network. cvcoin will serve unified network currency simplify and secure blockchain authentication transactions another purpose cvcoin usage simple and anonymous money transfers between crypviser users using integrated money exchange system: cvpay. the currency privacy crypviser openworld openworld technology part the crypviser network provide the ability secure communication with the external world. includes rich set features. features include: international virtual did numbers for accepting incoming calls from any external network regardless the location (roaming free) cost effective wholesale minute packages for international calls different countries international calls via voip external phone numbers (mobile and landline) cheap rates cheaper than competitors) worldwide profitable partner (distribution) programs for increasing business area starting new successful partnership with crypviser attractive bonus promotions for crypviser users invite friends and earn real profit powerful and multifunctional web account designed take full control over crypviser openworld these types services can obtained from the system-integrated online store. additional services can managed through the user's web account. future work: crypviser blockchain figure csmp protocol based crypviser blockchain the next generation crypviser will based the new kind blockchain especially designed for the reliable encryption keys exchange and authentication purposes instant communication networks. crypviser blockchain will represented first mobile blockchain, where every device will operate node serve transactions encryption keys exchange and validation. the main benefits crypviser blockchain are the following: specialized blockchain for genuine authentication and encryption keys exchange designed for encrypted instant communication networks significantly faster confirmation transactions mobile friendly the first full-fledged blockchain for mobile devices affordable for everyone- more necessity invest expensive equipment become part blockchain network, just install the app! easy maintenance user-friendly way control resources consumption, such battery network bandwidth extra earnings opportunity get tokens for every mobile user operating key-exchange node .conclusion the need for more secure interaction and encrypted communication both private well business contexts imminent. blockchain technology will have significant impact variety markets and most certainly will influence cyber-security applications. incorporating blockchain technologies into already strong security protocol, crypviser aims revolutionize the level security available both the public well businesses terms secure data exchange and storage purposes the technology behind the crypviser powerful and offers almost limitless possibilities. the same time, the upmost importance simplify secure interactions and develop solutions that have what needs excite target groups. therefore, user-centric approach the development new products crucial. crypviser game changing technologies provider secure encrypted communication networks about the author the crypviser research team lead mr. vadim andryan. andryan has been awarded the ccna and ccnp degrees security and cryptography. the founder has broad experience and knowledge computer security and data encryption fields. has worked government and military projects focusing cyber-security and social engineering. since has founded several telecommunication companies that are still successfully operating several countries. mr. andryan decided bundle his extensive technical and business expertise, which has accumulated over more than years, the development the innovative crypviser project. today, chief architect crypviser's cryptographic and security models. references megatrends and market drivers punkt the foresight company definition the internet things, found at: http://www.businessinsider.de/what-is-the-internetof-things-definition--?r=us&ir=t raytheon, cyber security trends infographic found at:http://www.raytheon.com/news/rtnwcm/groups/gallery/documents/content/rtn_.pdf definition "blockchain", found at: https://en.oxforddictionaries.com/definition/blockchain the guardian, january found at: https://www.theguardian.com/global-developmentprofessionals-network//jan//blockchain-digital-technology-development-money rsa laboratories research, found at: https://germany.emc.com/emc-plus/rsa-labs/standards-initiatives/advantages-anddisadvantages.htm not alternative, it's better! crypviser gmbh alt-pempelfort dusseldorf email: info@crypviser.net