chain whitepaper november crypto.com contents disclaimers executive summary the genesis problem statement mission vision go-to-market strategy roles incentives fiat institutions support network technology customer experience customer acquirer merchant experience merchant acquirer network potential network inclusion network decentralization technology roadmap cro token token creation token utility use funds airdrop mco token holders crypto.com team organization management team advisors relationship between mco and crypto.com further information the information contained these documents confidential, privileged and only for the information the intended recipient and may not used, published redistributed without the prior written consent crypto.com crypto.com disclaimers licences and approvals are not assured all jurisdictions cro protocol labs ("crypto.com") intends operate full compliance with applicable laws and regulations and obtain the necessary licences and approvals. regulatory licences and/or approvals are likely required number relevant jurisdictions which relevant activities may take place. this means that the development and roll-out all the initiatives described this whitepaper are not guaranteed. not possible guarantee, and person makes any assurances, that any such licences approvals will obtained within particular timeframe all. such, the initiatives described this whitepaper may not available certain markets, all. this could require restructuring these initiatives and/or its unavailability all certain respects. addition, the development any initiatives intended implemented stages. during certain stages development, the project may rely relationships with certain licensed third party entities. these entities are longer properly licensed the relevant jurisdiction, this will impact the ability crypto.com rely the services that party. advice this whitepaper does not constitute any investment advice recommendation crypto.com, its officers, directors, managers, employees, agents, advisors consultants the merits purchasing cro tokens nor should relied upon connection with any other contract purchasing decision. not sale security this whitepaper does not constitute prospectus financial service offering document and not offer sell solicitation offer buy any security, investment products, regulated products financial instruments any jurisdiction. cro tokens are not being structured sold securities crypto.com. owners cro tokens are not entitled any rights crypto.com any its affiliates, including any equity, shares, units, royalties capital, profit, returns income crypto.com any other company intellectual property associated with crypto.com. the information contained these documents confidential, privileged and only for the information the intended recipient and may not used, published redistributed without the prior written consent crypto.com crypto.com representations representations warranties have been made the recipient this whitepaper its advisers the accuracy completeness the information, statements, opinions matters (express implied) arising out of, contained derived from this whitepaper any omission from this document any other written oral information opinions provided now the future any interested party their advisers. the cro tokens, envisaged this whitepaper, are under development and are being constantly updated, including but not limited key governance and technical features. and when the cro tokens are completed, they may differ significantly from the description set out this whitepaper. representation warranty given the achievement reasonableness any plans, future projections prospects and nothing this document should relied upon promise representation the future. the fullest extent possible, all liability for any loss damage whatsoever kind (whether foreseeable not) which may arise from any person acting any information and opinions contained this whitepaper any information which made available connection with any further enquiries, notwithstanding any negligence, default lack care, disclaimed. third party data this whitepaper contains data and references obtained from third party sources. while the management believes that these data are accurate and reliable, they have not been subject independent audit, verification, analysis any professional legal, accounting, engineering, financial advisors. there assurance the accuracy, reliability completeness the data. translations this whitepaper and related materials are issued english. any translation for reference purposes only and not certified any person. assurance can made the accuracy and completeness any translations. there any inconsistency between translation and the english version this whitepaper, the english version prevails. the information contained these documents confidential, privileged and only for the information the intended recipient and may not used, published redistributed without the prior written consent crypto.com crypto.com restricted transmission this whitepaper must not taken transmitted any jurisdiction where distribution dissemination this whitepaper prohibited restricted. views crypto.com the views and opinions expressed this whitepaper are those crypto.com and not reflect the official policy position any government, quasi-government, authority public body (including but not limited any regulatory body any jurisdiction) any jurisdiction. this whitepaper has not been reviewed any regulatory authority. third party references references this whitepaper specific companies, networks and/ potential use cases are for illustrative purposes only. the use any company and/or platform names and trademarks does not imply any affiliation with, endorsement by, any those parties. all references 'dollars', usd '$' are references united states dollars unless otherwise stated. graphics all graphics included this whitepaper are for illustrative purpose only. particular, graphics with price reference not translate into actual pricing information. risk statements purchasing cro tokens involves substantial risk and may lead loss substantial entire amount the money involved. prior purchasing cro tokens, you should carefully assess and take into account the risks, including those listed any other documentation. purchaser should not purchase cro tokens for speculative investment purposes. purchasers should only purchase cro tokens they fully understand the nature the cro tokens and accept the risks inherent the cro tokens. the information contained these documents confidential, privileged and only for the information the intended recipient and may not used, published redistributed without the prior written consent crypto.com crypto.com cryptographic tokens may subject expropriation and/or theft; hackers other malicious groups organizations may attempt interfere with our system/network various ways, including malware attacks, denial service attacks, consensus-based attacks, sybil attacks, smurfing, and spoofing which may result the loss your cryptographic tokens the loss your ability access control your cryptographic tokens. such event, there may remedy, and holders cryptographic tokens are not guaranteed any remedy, refund, compensation. the regulatory status cryptographic tokens and digital assets currently unsettled, varies among jurisdictions and subject significant uncertainty. possible that the future, certain laws, regulations, policies rules relating cryptographic tokens, digital assets, blockchain technology, blockchain applications may implemented which directly indirectly affect restrict cryptographic token holders' right acquire, own, hold, sell, convert, trade, use cryptographic tokens. the uncertainty tax legislation relating cryptographic tokens and digital assets may expose cryptographic token holders tax consequences associated with the use trading cryptographic token. digital assets and related products and services carry significant risks. potential purchasers should assess the nature of, and their own appetite for, relevant risks independently and consult their advisers before making any decisions. professional advice you must consult lawyer, accountant, tax professional and/or any other professional advisors necessary prior determining whether purchase cro tokens. caution regarding forward-looking statements this whitepaper contains certain forward-looking statements that are based the belief crypto.com well certain assumptions made and information available crypto.com regarding the business operate. forward-looking statements, their nature, are subject significant risks and uncertainties. the information contained these documents confidential, privileged and only for the information the intended recipient and may not used, published redistributed without the prior written consent crypto.com crypto.com forward-looking statements may involve estimates and assumptions and are subject risks, uncertainties and other factors beyond our control and prediction. accordingly, these factors could cause actual results outcomes that differ materially from those expressed the forward-looking statements. any forward-looking statement speaks only the date which such statement made, undertake obligation update any forward-looking statements reflect events circumstances after the date which such statement made reflect the occurrence unanticipated events. executive summary the genesis blockchain technology and cryptocurrency one the major emerging mega technology trends our century. enabling trustless, immutable and decentralized transactions, blockchain technology setting the foundation for suite new generation applications that will dramatically reshape the internet and enable stronger and more inclusive societies. the mission crypto.com accelerate the world's transition crypto. the crypto.com team has clear vision put cryptocurrency every wallet with strong focus real-life use cases. took crypto.com little over years launch the key product its consumer offering: globally accepted payment card the mco visa card. the reason for this simple: traditional payment networks not natively accept crypto today. makes for slow, expensive go-tomarket process, heavily limiting the number people can introduce the crypto ecosystem. the crypto.com chain was created address this problem. the information contained these documents confidential, privileged and only for the information the intended recipient and may not used, published redistributed without the prior written consent crypto.com crypto.com problem statement traditional fiat payment systems are built legacy infrastructure that makes difficult embrace new innovative payment forms like cryptocurrency. traditional fiat payment systems have key characteristics: heavily centralized, controlled strict rules costly for participants (in particular merchants); and limited flexibility (e.g., challenging onboard new innovations/ currencies easily) several countries, more modern fiat payment solutions have already emerged and nearly replaced the traditional fiat payment system (e.g., alipay/wechat pay china). additionally, our view existing decentralised cryptocurrency systems/ blockchains are not yet efficient customized enough provide good alternative traditional fiat networks. the information contained these documents confidential, privileged and only for the information the intended recipient and may not used, published redistributed without the prior written consent crypto.com crypto.com mission vision mission: accelerate the world's transition cryptocurrency vision: the best way pay and paid crypto, anywhere, any crypto, for free. strongly believe that decentralisation important part building better society for everyone and accelerating the world's transition cryptocurrency are helping the world move this direction. will achieve this building one side, network cryptocurrency projects, and the other side, focus developing merchants' ability accept crypto form payment (please refer the diagram below). intend that crypto.com chain will high performing native blockchain solution, which will make the transaction flows between crypto users and merchants accepting crypto seamless, cost-efficient and secure. the information contained these documents confidential, privileged and only for the information the intended recipient and may not used, published redistributed without the prior written consent crypto.com chain customer nod tom nod tom merchants pay for good/services receive payment ncil node [x] cro eq. [x] cro any cryptocurrency (e.g., btc) check customer balance and net after processing transactions preferred currency: (e.g., btc process merchant transaction request (authorization confirmation) perform transaction validation and settlement receive processing fees [x]*[p]% cro get transaction authorization receive acquiring fees [x]*[c]% cro [x]*[m]% cro uirer node uirer node authorize transaction receive acquiring fees crypto customer acquirers merchant acquirers stake $cro stake $cro crypto.com network will support the vast majority existing cryptocurrencies. crypto.com go-to-market strategy the key differentiator for the crypto.com chain its clear go-to-market strategy, which will result rapid adoption. there are four disruptive forces that underpin our strategy: great offers for customers financially incentivise usage crypto transaction fees for merchants seamless user experience decentralized protocol process the transactions three out four were previously successfully deployed china's leading payment networks. the crypto.com chain essentially decentralized mobile cryptocurrency payment solution built blockchain. building global payment network multi-year effort. the crypto.com chain rollout will happen stages, substantially increasing the speed adoption and lowering execution risk. phase one will focus solution for online merchants accept crypto. "crypto.com pay" button, integrated via our api with few lines code. merchants will incentivised deploy not paying any fees and additionally being able offer substantial discounts their customers. customers will pay using the crypto.com app. settlement will happen off-chain. phase two following launch our testnet, will onboard more cryptocurrency projects allow customers pay with multiple apps. more online merchants will onboarded, both directly and via integrations with existing payment gateways and e-commerce providers. settlement will still happen off-chain this stage. the information contained these documents confidential, privileged and only for the information the intended recipient and may not used, published redistributed without the prior written consent crypto.com crypto.com phase three following launch our mainnet, will switch settlement onchain. crypto.com will still play substantial role the network. offline merchant acquisition will begin. phase four gradual network decentralization will take place, with independent parties replacing crypto.com, which will move from key settlement agent role the protocol code contributor maintainer role. the information contained these documents confidential, privileged and only for the information the intended recipient and may not used, published redistributed without the prior written consent crypto.com crypto.com roles incentives have set out below the intended roles different parties who will able use the crypto.com chain and the intended incentives for them use it. customers role: use the network make payments cryptocurrency incentives: discounts: pay with crypto and receive generous cashback funded the network access (time): instant access cryptocurrency access (distribution): ability spend cryptocurrency directly from their customer cryptoexchange account/wallet millions merchants, both online offline, without moving fiat. crypto customer acquirers (including blockchain projects such exchanges) role: acquire and serve customers; and authorise transactions the network (in response merchant point sale ("pos") payment request from one their customers). incentives: revenue: earn fees for activities performed; and business growth: acquire new customers joining the network access: give customers instant access their assets; utility: increase utility crypto and reduce reliance fiat off-ramps. the information contained these documents confidential, privileged and only for the information the intended recipient and may not used, published redistributed without the prior written consent crypto.com crypto.com merchants role: accept crypto for products and services. incentives: reduced costs: zero processing fees (for settlement crypto); business growth: acquire high quality customers with substantial spending power; and marketing: offer customers network-funded discounts and demonstrate ability move with new trend. merchant acquirers role: acquire merchants the network; and send transactions the network for transaction authorisation (in response one their merchant pos payment requests). incentives: revenue: earn fees for activities performed; and differentiation: differentiate vs. competition accepting hundreds cryptocurrencies. the information contained these documents confidential, privileged and only for the information the intended recipient and may not used, published redistributed without the prior written consent crypto.com crypto.com crypto.com role: crypto.com chain manages fund flows from customers merchants (from transaction authorisation settlement), set blockchain specifications and standards; and distribute processing fees eligible chain participants return for their services crypto.com network: increase crypto acceptance among online and offline merchants increase number admin nodes the crypto.com chain set compliance standards; and manage dispute resolution process incentives: vision: realise its vision accelerate the world's transition cryptocurrency; and compensation: collect network processing fees. the information contained these documents confidential, privileged and only for the information the intended recipient and may not used, published redistributed without the prior written consent crypto.com crypto.com fiat institutions support our stated vision accelerate the world's transition cryptocurrencies, and such, are extending open invitation existing fiat institutions (e.g., card networks, payment gateways, banks), who would like add cryptocurrency accepted form payment secure, compliant and cost-effective manner. intend that crypto.com chain will address key challenges faced those fiat institutions relation cryptocurrency: safe custody those digital assets on-chain and off-chain settlement timely and cost-effective manner volatility those assets, especially between settlements multi-cryptocurrency management and support crypto.com will offer supporting technology solutions required meet compliance and regulatory requirements for fis. intend that crypto.com chain will enable these institutions to: easily integrate cryptocurrency within their existing toolkit with few lines code thanks the 'crypto.com simple sdk' and our apis record time (less than integration) have the flexibility set their own rules and parameters from business model and compliance standpoint get direct access (h/ day) our best-in-class customer service team software development kits ("sdk"), application programming interfaces ("api") the information contained these documents confidential, privileged and only for the information the intended recipient and may not used, published redistributed without the prior written consent crypto.com crypto.com network technology customer experience the customer journey for crypto payment using the crypto.com chain intended frictionless and versatile. the steps required will involve: ustomer opens their existing participating crypto wallet exchange account; ustomer shows code and scans the merchant location, customer scans merchant code; and customer confirms payment and payment processed: customer account debited; and merchant account credited cro, btc and/or fiat currencies per its preferences purchase does not planned, customers will covered crypto.com blockshield buyer protection program (bp) leveraging the proof goods services delivered (pogsd) verification participating merchants. after each purchase, customer will asked indicate onchain whether the good service they have received was significantly described (as per defined crypto.com chain guidelines). case dispute, customer will able submit request through the crypto.com chain dispute resolution platform and reach direct settlement with the merchant. the information contained these documents confidential, privileged and only for the information the intended recipient and may not used, published redistributed without the prior written consent crypto.com crypto.com customer acquirer order become acquirer node and offer clients access the global crypto.com network, cryptocurrency projects will have follow the below steps: ign standard agreement, covering processing, settlement and dispute resolution, etc.; pass compliance audit; lockup minimum cro quantity; integrate sdk; and pass user acceptance testing crypto.com testnet. merchant experience merchant implementation requirements are minimal and provide flexibility accepting fiat and crypto: erchants use their existing payment terminal ("pos"), integrate crypto.com online payment gateway (single line code from our sdk) simply add our "crypto.com pay" payment button; customers pay using their wallet exchange account; and erchants receive all their payments instantly cro stable coins, fiat merchant acquirer crypto.com will run global business development team drive acceptance, using our relationships with the payments industry and balance sheet strength incentivise players join the crypto.com network. view this process that will never stop, but likely reach critical mass hit the million merchant pos milestone. the information contained these documents confidential, privileged and only for the information the intended recipient and may not used, published redistributed without the prior written consent crypto.com crypto.com are aiming for different strategies and distribution channels targeted, including: direct-to-merchant deals, both online and offline; online merchants self-service payment gateway with one-lineof-code integration; and offline merchants deals with acquirers currently accepting credit cards, debit cards, alipay and wechat pay for all types acquirers, have powerful value proposition: growing market: access million consumers globally who currently hold crypto with this number expected grow hundreds millions the course over the next months; lower fees: zero merchant processing fees compared fiat, resulting higher margins for the merchants; minimal integration effort; and co-marketing, including financial incentives network potential bitcoin and ethereum wallet creation have experienced explosive growth (>x) respectively from and expect wallet creation growth continue the future but with significantly more moderate cagr down the later years. historical growth bitcoin and ethereum wallet bitcoin wallet address growth addressess the bitcoin network the information contained these documents confidential, privileged and only for the information the intended recipient and may not used, published redistributed without the prior written consent crypto.com crypto.com ethereum wallet address growth addressess the ethereum network leveraging the bitcoin/ethereum wallet creation growth forecast, and discounting users with multiple wallets well overlap between each blockchain wallets, expect crypto users grow millions total transaction value the "digital payments" segment million us$ source: statista digital commerce mobile pos payments total digital payments segment expected usd trillion amongst which crypto payments could represent total payment volume (usd billion). based historical growth bitcoin and ethereum wallets ratio contribution) and decreasing expected future growth down the last year the digital payments market segment led consumer transactions and includes payments for products and services which are made over the internet well mobile payments point-of-sale (pos) via smartphone applications. similar the payment market penetration the first mobile payment player entrant large market after years the information contained these documents confidential, privileged and only for the information the intended recipient and may not used, published redistributed without the prior written consent crypto.com crypto.com etwork inclusion crypto.com will open its protocol for customers and merchants who would like transact directly this next generation crypto payment chain without going through acquirer. intend that: irect participants will able leverage the power the crypto.com chain create community closed-loop payment channels settle cryptocurrency payments for free. ustomers and merchants will act their own acquirers and hence will need stake cro the network able participate and process peer-to-peer transactions. rypto.com will provide participants with easy-to-use wallet application ("app") with deposit/withdraw features and stake and pay features support this decentralized process. etwork decentralization crypto.com chain will built with complete decentralization mind. the long-term, crypto.com chain will able run without crypto.com entities develop the key pieces architecture and technology enable it: rust-less mechanisms increase access transaction validation nodes built-in and proven security protocols keep bad actors bay alanced incentives for valued added contributors and disincentives for free-riders pgradability and flexibility the chain through community code contributions the information contained these documents confidential, privileged and only for the information the intended recipient and may not used, published redistributed without the prior written consent crypto.com crypto.com cost crypto.com fiat free centralized instant decentralized distr settlement centralized decentralized distributed network: overview network decentralized network single authority server controls the nodes, they all have individual entity centralized network all the nodes are connected under single authority echnology the crypto.com chain whitepaper includes information about the crypto.com chain, particular: architecture consensus governance security privacy; and other key technical design topics our initial perspectives are available the crypto.com chain website at: www.crypto.com/chain_technical_whitepaper the information contained these documents confidential, privileged and only for the information the intended recipient and may not used, published redistributed without the prior written consent crypto.com crypto.com oadmap the proposed roadmap depicted below: cro token creation estimated timeframe: distribution across the next years initial integration online merchants with the "crypto.com pay" payment button estimated timeframe: months acquirer nodes sdk launch (for integration with existing wallets exchanges) estimated timeframe: months onboarding first acquirer nodes estimated timeframe: first months from token creation onboarding additional acquirers and merchants ongoing effort throughout years testnet launch estimated timeframe: months mainnet launch estimated timeframe: months the information contained these documents confidential, privileged and only for the information the intended recipient and may not used, published redistributed without the prior written consent crypto.com crypto.com cro token token creation entity issuing tokens cro protocol labs token name crypto.com chain token token ticker cro token total supply token distribution mechanisms ,,, cro secondary distribution only. pre-sale, public sale, and ico token distribution split airdrop mco token holders and community development token: ,,, ecosystem grants token: ,,, secondary distribution and launch incentives token: ,,, share share share capital reserve token: ,,, share share network long-term incentives token: ,,, will create multi-signature wallets securely store the above token allocations. wallet addresses below: the information contained these documents confidential, privileged and only for the information the intended recipient and may not used, published redistributed without the prior written consent crypto.com allocation addresses share share capital reserve crypto.com network long-term incentives token: ,,, token: ,,, will create multi-signature wallets securely store the above token allocations. wallet addresses below: allocation addresses secondary distribution xabeedeef dabfea network long-term incentives xeecbccffbed efeaacee capital reserve xeffdefefbfeae bdabead ecosystem grants xddaffcbcacdfa ebec airdrop community development xfdfacccab cbdeeeded secondary distribution the secondary distribution wallet will receive daily token supply through smart contract following the below schedule: duration date supply years days daily from november onwards, each day from utc utc yearly supply: period total supply cro, billions overall year year year year year thesupply information containeddaily thesesupply: documents confidential, privileged and only for the information the intended recipient and may not used, published redistributed without the prior written consent crypto.com period total supply cro, millions supply token price year year year year period total supply cro, millions year year year year year crypto.com daily supply: tokens will used network fee incentives and progressively distributed exchanges prevailing market price token erc contract and daily distribution smart contract were successfully audited quantstamp and certik. oken utility cro tokens are able used and/or earned connection with this product eligible persons the following key ways: cro token will the native crypto.com chain token that enables cross-asset intermediary currency settlement all network participants writing transactions the crypto. com chain will have use cro token settle block transaction fees all participating nodes the crypto.com chain will rewarded cro token for processing and validating transactions the network; each node will need stake fixed minimum amount cro token (varies node types) order contribute the network customers choosing pay with cro directly will transact with minimal fees the information contained these documents confidential, privileged and only for the information the intended recipient and may not used, published redistributed without the prior written consent crypto.com crypto.com funds use funds will cro protocol labs sole discretion. irdrop mco token holders cro monthly airdrop rules for the mco community eligibility criteria start date duration airdrop frequency airdrop snapshot crypto.com wallet app approved users except secondary citizens and residents hong kong sar, the people's republic china, the republic singapore, switzerland the united states america (together the "restricted areas") december th, years monthly change sale utc the first day each month, snapshot mco balances within the crypto.com wallet app will taken. mco balance includes mco tokens staked the crypto.com wallet app. airdrop allocation every month, cro will awarded crypto.com wallet app mco token holders based their mco token ownership relative the mco token total supply. detailed formula for monthly airdrop allocation month(x) per user: total cro supply allocated for mco token holders individual mco token ownership the crypto.com wallet app airdrop snapshot date month(x) total mco supply the information contained these documents confidential, privileged and only for the information the intended recipient and may not used, published redistributed without the prior written consent crypto.com crypto.com airdrop allocation airdrop distribution transferability for instance, for every mco tokens held the crypto.com wallet app airdrop snapshot date, you will awarded cro tokens. your monthly airdrop allocation will distributed the first week after airdrop snapshot; and will locked for period months. after months, your airdrop allocation will released into your crypto.com wallet app based the following rules: mco minimum balance over months (as snapshot balance) airdrop allocation amount more receive full (%) allocation cro receive proportionally-reduced quantity cro allocation based the lowest level held during the month period. for example you sell your mco holdings during the months, you will receive allocation cro. less than result total loss your cro airdrop allocation. for example you sell your mco holdings during the months, you will not receive any cro allocation. update: following feedback from the community, are announcing that mco tokens held crypto.com will not eligible for the cro airdrop. all unallocated cro airdrop tokens will used for community development activities. update: following input from the community, are relaxing the airdrop allocation rules that you will longer lose your entire allocation cro selling mco during the months holding period (see above updated airdrop distribution transferability section). the information contained these documents confidential, privileged and only for the information the intended recipient and may not used, published redistributed without the prior written consent crypto.com crypto.com team organization management team kris marszalek co-founder ceo sean rach cmo serial entrepreneur southeast asia internet former cmo prudential corporation asia. led the industry. three-times founder tech space regional american express account and served (e-commerce, mobile lbs app, consumer electronics) managing director ogilvyone hong kong. rafael melo, cpa co-founder cfo years' experience finance, deep understanding risk, compliance and mobile payments ecosystem asia. cfo mobile payment solution, mastercard incubated technology company. gary co-founder cto hacker, product designer, entrepreneur, years full stack engineering experience (ror, elixir, golang). keen interest machine learning and ai. bobby bao co-founder head corporate development erald ghoos coo coo payreto. coo funding circle. global operations paysafe. senior operations bnp paribas. stanley lam cco chief compliance officer square. more than years relevant experience retail banking, payments and financial industry compliance. formerly, was lead the payment and revenue team zynga, inc. jason lau ciso former regional cyber security advisor microsoft. extensive experience technology investment certifications such cissp, cipp/e, cipm, cgeit, banking; named forbes' under list crisc, cisa, cism, ceh, cdna, csm, itil well was china renaissance's first employee the contributing isaca's general data protection m&a team, working some the most high profile regulation (gdpr) global working group, and iapp transactions, including the merger between didi fellow information privacy (fip) kuaidi. the information contained these documents confidential, privileged and only for the information the intended recipient and may not used, published redistributed without the prior written consent crypto.com eric anziani chief strategy officer cerulean lead blockchain engineer director strategy global fashion group. lead engineer equichain, team lead finance and previously paypal, mckinsey and goldman sachs trading systems anx, implemented blockchain london, paris, singapore and tokyo. solutions fincova, and was responsible for developing trading algorithms hsbc. brent diehl svp, international expansion ivan stefanov svp, risk management former head, prepaid partner solutions visa. senior risk management roles with paysafe, groupon, senior director western union international skrill and neteller, managing large teams across payments. responsible for card portfolios outside multiple markets and enhancing the existing fraud the united states home depot. prevention and payments setup. maggie svp, head marketing head direct marketing and direct consumer for fwd insurance and director digital media for prudential corporation asia. adrienne wong svp, head product managed global strategy and market launches square. lead square point sale and led growth and expansion efforts canada, uk, australia, and us. former deloitte strategy and operations consultant. weiyi zhang, ph.d. platform architect senior vp, quantitative trading capital management. electronic market making morgan, quant strategist equity derivative trading deutsche bank. the information contained these documents confidential, privileged and only for the information the intended recipient and may not used, published redistributed without the prior written consent crypto.com crypto.com dvisors crypto.com recently announced the formation new advisory board support the company our path forward: www.medium.com/@crypto.com/crypto-com-announcesadvisory-board-becfe relationship between mco and crypto.com monaco (token ticker mco) announced its rebranding crypto. com july for more information mco token and its utility, please visit www.crypto.com/token further information crypto.com information discussion www.crypto.com www.crypto.com/chain www.twitter.com/cryptocom www.t.me/cryptocomofficial the information contained these documents confidential, privileged and only for the information the intended recipient and may not used, published redistributed without the prior written consent crypto.com crypto.com (c) copyright for information, please visit crypto.com