crypterium cryptocurrency banking cryptocurrency platform whitepaper version crypterium whitepaper version disclaimer liability the purpose this white paper present crypterium and crpt token potential token holders connection with the proposed token sale. the information set forth below may not exhaustive and does not imply any elements contractual relationship. its sole purpose provide relevant and reasonable information potential token holders order for them determine whether undertake thorough analysis the company with the intent purchasing crpt tokens. nothing this white paper shall deemed constitute prospectus any sort solicitation for investment, nor does any way pertain offering solicitation offer buy any securities any jurisdiction. this document not composed accordance with, and not subject to, laws regulations any jurisdiction, which are designed protect investors. crpt token utility token. this product not digital currency, security, commodity, any other kind financial instrument and has not been registered under the securities act, the securities laws any state the united states the securities laws any other country, including the securities laws any jurisdiction which potential token holder resident. crpt token cannot used for any purposes other than those provided the white paper, including but not limited to, any investment, speculative other financial purposes. crpt token not intended for sale use any jurisdiction where sale use digital tokens may prohibited. crpt token confers other rights any form, including but not limited any ownership, distribution (including but not limited profit), redemption, liquidation, proprietary (including all forms intellectual property), other financial legal rights, other than those specifically described the white paper. certain statements, estimates and financial information contained this white paper constitute forward-looking statements information. such forward-looking statements information involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties, which may cause actual events results differ materially from the estimates the results implied expressed such forward-looking statements. white paper can modified provide more detailed information. this english language white paper the primary official source information about the crpt token. the information contained herein may from time time translated into other languages used the course written verbal communications with existing and prospective customers, partners etc. the course such translation communication some the information contained herein may lost, corrupted, misrepresented. the accuracy such alternative communications cannot guaranteed. the event any conflicts inconsistencies between such translations and communications and this official english language white paper, the provisions this english language original document shall prevail. crypterium whitepaper version contents crypterium executive summary ..................................................................................................... the future digital banking and cryptocurrencies ....................................................................... what crypterium ............................................................................................................................. ico overview ....................................................................................................................................... introduction ......................................................................................................................................... brand new cryptoeconomy............................................................................................................ comparing the world's best traditional banks with new blockchain bank........................... the crypterium team ........................................................................................................................ our story: ........................................................................................................................................... selected team members: ................................................................................................................. advisors ............................................................................................................................................ mobile cryptobank ........................................................................................................................... mobile contactless payments ......................................................................................................... crypterium cryptobank functionality ............................................................................................. crypterium token crpt ................................................................................................................ overview ............................................................................................................................................ decentralised fuel power the engine ......................................................................................... permanent loyalty reward.............................................................................................................. additional token-holder benefits ................................................................................................... crypterium ico token sale overview .......................................................................................... purpose the ico ........................................................................................................................... fixed token value ............................................................................................................................ distribution tokens ...................................................................................................................... 'bounty' structure............................................................................................................................. crypterium future trajectories .................................................................................................... mobile cryptobank ..................................................................................................................... cryptowallet ...................................................................................................................................... crypteriumsx (smart exchange) ............................................................................................. crypterium cryptobank functionality ............................................................................................. cryptobank for businesses ........................................................................................................... code payments........................................................................................................................... crypterium e-commerce and automated services solutions ...................................................... crypterium open platform ............................................................................................................ crypterium corporate vision ....................................................................................................... corporate culture ............................................................................................................................. product development ...................................................................................................................... crypterium whitepaper version the advantages crypterium ecosystem .............................................................................. crypterium whitepaper version crypterium executive summary the future digital banking and cryptocurrencies over the past decade there has been explosion the demand for cashless and digital payments. global transaction volumes grew from reach billion, increase partially fuelled emerging asia. the past months this growth has been enhanced the introduction mobile contactless payment solutions such apple pay, google pay, alipay and whole host other innovative solutions. between mobile proximity payment volume (such near field communication (nfc) and codes) expected rise compound annual growth rate (cagr) percent, which would bring mobile proximity payments volume over us$ trillion similarly, the cryptoeconomy and cryptocurrencies particular are growing phenomenal rate. estimated that the cryptoeconomy will exceed three trillion dollars and that could equal world gdp. only time will tell whether these predictions are correct, but what certain that cryptocurrencies have passed their point return. they are here stay, and their importance will only increase. the other hand, universal transaction processing for cryptocurrency against fiat based goods practically non-existent. this unsatisfied demand across cryptocurrency capitalization that has already surpassed us$ billion. crypterium solves this problem with the commercial launch its global banking transaction processing platform dubbed 'cryptobank .'. what crypterium providing cryptocurrencies mainstream everyday users, will require dedicated cryptobanking services. only once person able use cryptocurrency the same way that they use any other currency, will all the benefits cryptocurrency, such lower transaction costs, speed payment, removal national boundaries and on, become real. there are already million daily users cryptocurrencies, number that expected exceed million the demand for cryptocurrencies exists now and will grow annual cagr for the foreseeable future. the potential satisfy this demand perhaps the most exciting banking development the past years and the prize for those who are successful place the global banking landscape rate growth and worldwide presence that can never matched any traditional banking development plan. the crypterium cryptobank will first step satisfying this demand. will made available for download via the ios android marketplace and planning ready-to-use mobile devices immediately. unlike conventional mobile banks that take weeks process and issue cards, the crypterium cryptobank provides instant processing engine for both fiat and crypto based currency transactions while enabling inter-changeability between the two. with crypterium's digital bank customers will finally able use cryptocurrencies pay for fiat based goods without transaction cap gemini world payments report idc financial insights' consumer payments survey insert footnote deloitte estimations coinmarketcap estimations based current cagr (data from global cryptocurrency benchmarking study, garrick hileman michel rauchs) crypterium whitepaper version limits and with low commission any the world's existing million payment terminals and many internet stores and payment points. crypterium's technology platform developing based algorithms that allow for the most efficient exchange rates matching across natural peer-to-peer flow well third party crypto-exchanges. this planned quickly followed range complimentary banking services from simple peer peer payments cryptocurrency backed lending. crypterium aims meet the banking needs the cryptocurrency era. ico overview over the past years, the team crypterium has been building the platform which its cryptobanking services will launched. the next stage our development will the release cryptobanking payment platform that will turn will its own cryptocurrency crpt, feed the transactional process. this platform will ready for the release the end early and aimed developing future. this whitepaper highlights the key stages and features crypterium payment solution and the future trajectories which our products will developed. advance their use within the crypterium cryptocurrency bank, crypterium offering prepayment the crpt token. crypterium allow for pre-payment crpt tokens the initial market value bitcoin per crpt. further details the ico and the potential benefits crpt ownership are provided this whitepaper. the binding terms and provision crpt token sale will outlined the terms conditions provided https://crypterium.io/ (the "website"). start date october (utc-) duration token sale days, untill january (utc-) price crpt token btc option for early termination yes, upon reaching million usd (hardcap) technical limit the number tokens (three hundred million) adjustable distribution unsold and unallocated tokens will destroyed further token issues no, single token issue within the ico bitcoin (btc), ethereum (eth), fiat payments and others secured methods token purchase mincap million usd, all funds will returned token distribution supported later than january (utc-) token activation date january (more details crypterium whitepaper version extra bonuses allocation day pre-sale bonus (st october november) allowance tokens tokens tokens tokens min. purchase from crpt from crpt from crpt from crpt day participant bonus (th november november) dates period days days days days tokens tokens tokens tokens allowance minimum purchase amount crpt crypterium whitepaper version introduction brand new cryptoeconomy global demand cashless payments continues rise such rate that the end cash the payment choice now stark reality. the number worldwide cashless transactions was over billion whilst the rise mobile payments expected exceed trillion forecast consumer mobile payments billion usd number worldwide non-cash transactions (billions) idc financial insights' consumer payments survey; idc's new media market model, cap gemini world payments report people change the way that they interact with money, have also seen the introduction brand-new form money, cryptocurrencies. less than years since the creation the bitcoin, the world's first digital currency that turn built brand new financial ecosystem called the blockchain. today there are over digital currencies, known cryptocurrencies, and that number growing every day. the advantages cryptocurrencies over traditional fiat currencies are numerous and impossible for fiat currencies match. today transaction between two people different countries can still take several days and cost the parties significant share the money transferred (the average cross border transaction fee .%) each party the chain, which there are many, requires small margin for their efforts. this can now done seconds using cryptocurrencies via the blockchain for practically zero cost and more securely than ever before. but for many people, even those with strong interest new technology and better ways doing everyday actions, cryptocurrencies are still perceived investment instrument. the single most important step moving benefits from the conceptual and into the practical mainstream enable people use cryptocurrencies the same way they can any other currency, and that means idc financial insights consumers payments survey the website coinmarketcap lists less than different types cryptocurrencies, which have listed market caps least (referenced august the world bank: remittance prices worldwide. url: https://remittanceprices.worldbank.org/sites/default/files/rpw_report_march_.pdf (), (accessed may crypterium whitepaper version enabling instant payments with their cryptocurrency were cash money stored their digital bank accounts. crypterium building cryptobank for the cryptocurrency era. people will able store, spend, exchange and later borrow practically any cryptocurrency the same way they could any other currency, but quicker, cheaper and more secure environment than possible any traditional bank fiat currency. the cryptobank will the decentralized core that interlocks the restricted financial world live today and future cryptoeconomy with limitless borderless opportunities most the technology for this financial revolution already exists: apple pay, samsung pay, alipay; the world's biggest banks and payment platforms have already installed more than million contactless payment terminals throughout the world, number that growing rapidly. crypterium will take full advantage this global contactless phenomenon, but instead using for traditional payment cards using fiat currencies, will use for cryptocurrencies through personal smartphones. can skip generations dedicated development some the biggest companies the world, and adapt that technology the cryptocurrency era within months, years, but definitely, not decades. anticipate that soon practically any cryptocurrency can instantaneously transferred into any local fiat currency anywhere the world where cashless payments through contactless payments terminals are possible and turn can spent. this will done quicker, cheaper and safer than any fiat currency bank has ever been able achieve. for the retailer, they are none-the-wiser. far they are concerned, they were paid their currency choice. just small step from cashless cryptocurrency payments additional banking services, such cross border transactions and eventually cryptocurrency based loans. crypterium aimed commence operations delivering one the best cryptocurrency mobile banking payment application available today. adoption increases, additional services are intended added. the team crypterium has many years experience building fintech and mobile payment solutions including the building and launch one eastern europe's most important and award winning contactless payment platform's payqr. further details the team are presented section this whitepaper. crypterium whitepaper version comparing the world's best traditional banks with new blockchain bank with the advent any new market changing technology, the old world order often struggles adapt the new world realities. will different for the current banking giants who even today cannot agree whether not cryptocurrencies are their future passing phase. whilst they decide, new dedicated blockchain based cryptobanks will take their place the cryptoeconomy. the following table provides just few examples the advantages new blockchain bank compared any leading traditional bank. leading traditional bank blockchain bank limited capital and regulation unlimited, there are country boundaries limited systems, countries operations etc. only technical limitations scalability slow and expensive fast and relatively cheap international transfers restricted, slow and expensive unrestricted, fast and free transfer values restricted determined the individual cost transactions low speed transaction potentially several days minutes/immediate withdrawal funds potentially several days (depending the amount) minutes centralized decentralized the bank the client security trust the bank open source independently verified ledger integration new services and partners difficult and slow easy and fast low countries operation number clients control control over funds currency conversion crypterium's strong belief that single blockchain bank will dominate the new cryptocurrency banking sector, but rather that network new innovative players will drive the market forward and that within the next years, roughly the same length time that bitcoin has been existence, the leading blockchain cryptobanks will challenging the leading traditional banks for control over the cryptoeconomy. crypterium whitepaper version the crypterium team crypterium's management team made highly experienced digital payment professionals from some the most innovative fintech sectors europe, who have spent the better part years developing digital payment and banking solutions. this team supported experienced financial professionals and experienced c-level executives who have developed worldwide. when combined, the team has attracted more than investment into fintech projects they have been responsible for creating and developing, including payqr (russia's leading independent contactless payment platform see further comment below), workle digital sales platform that has over independent users selling everything from credit cards security alarms) and bonus club digital loyalty program that integrated inside leading publishers' web sites). two the founding partners crypterium (vladimir gorbunov and gleb markov, see below) launched payqr, cypriot based company, its goal being the establishment contactless payment platform that works with any smartphone and which does not rely the current international payment systems mobile phone manufacturers such applepay. working with codes, the company moved commercial operations and quickly became leader the appstore rankings for google play, was named one the top russian start-ups one the top start-ups with international potential, was awarded the top prizes for its antivirus solutions the emerging challenges competition and best innovation the year the safety leaders awards the financial services category. further prestigious awards and recognition continued into including russia's ministry communications selecting payqr showcase the world mobile congress china. today, users the platform include many european banks and technology leaders such alipay (for russia). our story: contactless payment technologies first company eastern europe develop mobile payments solutions based qr-code scanning. raised more than investments during round universal tool for daily payments more than integrations with the most popular e-commerce retail services delivering universal payment application for most common daily needs. successfully raised during round inter-banking direct payment protocol creation direct debit protocol that key ensuring payment processes can applied with virtually zero fees, enabling users focus their payment experience and rewards. crypterium whitepaper version selected team members: steven polyak managing director, co-founder global emerging markets investment banker, managing director for alor invest. more than years experience capital markets. masters degree economics and bachelors degree international relations from state university new york buffalo linkedin.com/in/steven-polyak- austin kimm director, co-founder experienced ceo and international financial services strategist having created and managed companies throughout the world, including renaissance insurance group russia, company with over employees and almost $bn annual insurance premium. wharton business school, cedep, bachelor law linkedin.com/in/austin-kimm-ba gleb markov coo, co-founder certified fintech expert with years successful work the industry. experience payment laws and regulations the most significant jurisdictions the world, passing certification for compliance with the international security standard the pci dss processing payment data. linkedin.com/in/gdmarkov vladimir gorbunov cco, co-founder internet entrepreneur with extensive management experience for more than years, founded companies with total capitalization over millions, including workle and payqr, included the rating under according rbthv linkedin.com/in/gorbunov-v pavel rasputin cmo professional with more than years experience marketing from for one the biggest russian software developing companies skb kontur international aviasales and jetradar.com linkedin.com/in/pavelrasputin/ crypterium whitepaper version dmitriy fomin cto, head security lead developer payment and processing structure payqr (multichannel settlements, decentralized processing and server infrastructure, high load immediate settlements) blockchain smart contracts developer, fintech experienced linkedin.com/in/dmitriy-fomin-/ advisors keith teare executive chair accelerated digital ventures leading figure past and present many important companies including archimedes labs, minds and machines inc, medco, easynet and realnames name just small few, and was one the co-founders techcrunch https://www.linkedin.com/in/kteare/ roger crook ceo capital springboard capital springboard singapore's leading peer-to-peer invoice financing platform for smes. former global ceo dhl global forwarding years international leadership and operational experience https://www.linkedin.com/in/rogercrook/ elie galem cio eastmore group mathematician and quantitative hedge fund cio. advisor tier one projects bringing blockchain, ico, digital assets cryptocurrencies financial ecosystem, including bancor, legolas exchange, and gimli https://www.linkedin.com/in/elie-galamb crypterium whitepaper version katrina arden founder blockchain law group katrina arden blockchain attorney licensed the state california, the united states. she involved the blockchain community since and consulted multiple token sale projects (cryptonomos, giga watt project, icobox, and others). katrina founder blockchain law group, which consulting the field blockchain technology, issuance product and security tokens, and cryptocurrency matters https://www.linkedin.com/in/katrina-arden/ fabio tamburrano board member coeclerici spa global mining company with milan, with strong track record corporate finance and investment management having learned his trade companies such moody's, deutsche bank (vp structured products) and more recently russia board member minmet financing (swiss trading company) and investment director svyaznoy (one russia's largest mobile phone providers). https://www.linkedin.com/in/fabiotamburrano-ba andras kristof cto yojee, ceo fembusa fembusa terminals pte ltd company made headlines when they unveiled asia's first bitcoin atm singapore, the tembusu prime bitcoin atm, and founder and cto many groundbreaking companies asia. linkedin.com/in/dmitriy-fomin-/ mike raitsyn experienced strategic consultant ico sphere. founder icobox https://www.linkedin.com/in/mike-raitsynbbb crypterium whitepaper version mobile cryptobank mobile contactless payments physical bank branches, plastic payments cards, your personal neighbourhood banker, are all things the past. now everything digital, mobile and contactless. crypterium building new digital solution cryptocurrency era, that does mostly the same things the current mobile bank providers, but faster, cheaper, safer using cryptocurrency the decentralised blockchain. soon customer downloads the crypterium mobile banking app customers will able start make transactions current visa, mastercard unionpay infrastructure practically instantly. gone are the days when you need apply for debit card and wait weeks for delivered. customers will able instantly pay certain major cryptocurrency (at least btc and eth) erc standard tokens for any product services any pos terminals (there are already over million installed throughout the world) that are fitted with nfc (near field communication) via the crypterium mobile banking app. crypterium uses nfc hce (host card emulation) protocols tokenise the data the virtual payment card and turn the pos terminal reads the connections were standard plastic card. practically any nfc payment service, such apple pay, samsung pay, google pay and host other providers, can now used pay with cryptocurrencies and far the retailer online store concerned, they are paid the currency their payment order. this capability possibly extends atm cash withdrawals and most other standard banking activities. today practically impossible pay for your daily coffee, the morning newspaper, your utility bill with cryptocurrency. course, cryptocurrency owner could make exchange cryptocurrency one the exchanges, wait for confirmation that completed, then wait for the transfer funds their nominated account and on. but who all reality would that buy coffee? with crypterium's mobile banking app that changes instantly. the crypterium mobile banking app does all that for the customer. from any cryptocurrency that are preselected the user crypterium app, perhaps different percentages depending their current trading value, crypterium does all the communication and ultimately conversion and payment fiat without the user having anything other than bring their smartphone the nfc terminal and press go. only the exact number cryptocurrency the order and ratio prescribed are exchanged meet the payment needs. crypterium whitepaper version crypterium cryptobank functionality software for ios, android windows phone smartphones tablets with "standard everyday services", providing opportunity use (get and transfer certain cryptocurrencies, including btc and eth), and conduct settlements related fiat currencies. examples such services are: transactions current infrastructure trade and services outlets all over the world via international payment system (visa, mastercard for example) transactions infrastructure trade and services outlets connected crypterium being crypterium partners' infrastructure replenishment personal card bank account international transfers cryptocurrency accounts bank accounts, including bank cards, without restrictions (other than those applied for anti-money-laundering purposes) special offers for crypterium's users crypterium partner shops this type functionality planned available for use december january crypterium whitepaper version crypterium token crpt overview crypterium token crpt the core all transactions made crypterium banking platform. payment can conducted without crpt, its main goal, regulated smart-contract, stimulate tokenholders use crypterium their daily life, and attract new users crypterium. the only issue crpt tokens will during the ico, which fact the pre-sale crypterium services usage opportunity. crypterium future planning list its tokens cryptocurrency exchanges enlarge userbase and fulfil users' expectations provide the most comprehensive services. decentralised fuel power the engine only crpt tokenholders are able use the crypterium cryptobank platform. every time person makes payment, fee equal the value the transaction crpt taken from the crpt token holder's account and burnt fuel for the transaction. ownership crpt creates reserve that can used the fuel for future transactions. thanks crypterium's intelligent proprietary technology, this transparent the user, carried out immediately, current exchange rate available. fact, crypterium, which based robotic algorithms that automatically search for the optimal rate for given transaction any given time all exchanges with which crypterium has integrated, and the instant formation corresponding lot for the purchase sale cryptocurrency the selected currency exchange, will ensure that the customer gets the best conversion rate possible for the whole transaction which will more than likely compensate for the small transaction charge that applied the time purchase. crypterium naturally aware services which offer supposedly commission transaction, but this simply hidden wider bid offer spread (it can high and ultimately the customer will receive higher real cost than that which applied crypterium. crypterium committed transparency with the customer and the same way that customers are not fooled the zero percent commission deals fiat currency conversion, they will not fooled such deals crypto conversion. example: bill, who crpt token owner, wants purchase cup coffee costs using his bitcoins stored inside his crypterium wallet. the time the transaction, bitcoin had best market value and crpt had best market value when bill makes his payment, just tapping his smartphone nfc terminal, will charged additional crpt. his total now which turn reduces his bitcoins btc and reduces his crpt $). crypterium whitepaper version utility comparison purchase cup coffee: without crypterium with crypterium technologies with crpt tokens purchase cup coffee regular coffee shop using cryptocurrencies, users have top the balance the exchange (avg. min. for btc), exchange their currency, and wait three days top their fiat accounts. only then can user purchase cup coffee. users can make immediate payment the preferred cryptocurrency their crypterium wallet. however, conduct the settlement, crpt tokens should used. the event the user has tokens, will have find token holder that transfers crpt tokens users just tap the standard nfc terminal with their smartphones. small crpt transaction fee charged and burned. transaction done. permanent loyalty reward today all merchants are charged for acquiring services, whether this visa, mastercard, american express etc., measured percentage the payment they receive. some these fees can high with crypterium ecosystem, merchants will pay back from their turnover, this turnover will the monthly loyalty program thank purchasers for making transactions. the higher volume transactions purchaser makes, the higher loyalty rewards she will given. want reward loyalty because lowers our marketing expenses. divide our user base into four categories depending their willingness make transactions via crypterium. the more tokens users acquire during the month, the more transactions they are expected make the future (tokens are necessary fuel transactions). but also, users' monthly activity crypterium predominantly determines their loyalty rewards. this can compared many ways the mechanics current rewards programs like air miles. previously noted, order use the crypterium platform, the person must own/spend crpt complete transaction. the great the crpt ownership, the greater the prefunding future transactions. therefore, crypterium recognises groups loyalty members: crpt tokens owned during the month) (continuously the monthly loyalty program available each loyalty group bronze silver gold platinum months payments per day per month value payments per day per month ($m) transfers per day per month value transfers per day per month ($m) cash withdrawals per day per month value cash withdrawals per day per month ($m) note that for the protection users, individual users will able set their own limits which are lower than those noted above. addition, inbound operations (updating cryptocurrency purses, the flow funds from bank cards, cash deposits atms and such like) are never limited. crypterium whitepaper version whilst many core functions crypterium will free use for all members, future additional services may incur fee for use, for example concierge services. upon launch, token-holders can expect receive discount from standard fees (the exact benefits will depend the service) those token-holders that are also merchants using the crypterium payment platform for acquiring will entitled fee discounts from standard fees (exact details will depend the date launch the acquiring solutions which per the road map will come after the crypto payments platform) the company develops, additional token-holder product benefits are expected crypterium whitepaper version crypterium ico token sale overview purpose the ico crypterium offering potential users its crytpobank platform right pre-purchase its own crpt tokens through ico event that commences the october the crpt token based the decentralised ethereum market standard smart contract erc token. formed within the blockchain and subject automatic execution upon the occurrence predefined criteria and events and subject certain conditions, crpt tokens are valid indefinitely and are the property their respective holders. crypterium registered under the laws the european union, with its head office located tallinn, estonia. subject market best practice audit accordance with european regulations thereby ensuring total transparency and absolute accountability all crypterium activities including the publishing full company statements. estonia has been chosen for its favourable climate digital innovation including e-residency. estonia was ranked first bitcoin.com its assessment countries that support cryptocurrency development, typified estonia being the first country have bitcoin-atm. crpt tokens bestow its holder's special product benefits including increased rewards depending user activity. crpt tokens are not stocks, securities their equivalent and therefore not create the right ownership disposal crypterium its assets. crpt token-holders not exert any influence over the decision making the company its activities. crpt tokens will distributed direct proportion the amount paid the participants during the ico accordance with the terms and conditions. all organisation and implementation processes connected successful crypterium ico have been prepared accordance with industry best practices, supported and audited icobox. additionally, crypterium has employed the services escrow account blockchain law group thereby applying additional level security and providing further confidence for contributors that the distribution tokens will accordance with crypterium's smart contract conditions. the funds received pre-payment for service fees through the use crpt tokens will remain escrow until the distribution crpt tokens tokenholders. crypterium whitepaper version fixed token value upon launch, single crpt token valued btc (due the usd equivalent value single bitcoin this more convenient measurement value). for equivalent prices other cryptocurrencies, the following exchanges will used; kraken, bitstamp, bitfinex and poloniex. distribution tokens founders and team advisors "bounty" campaign contributors reserved fund total ico distribution the community tokens allocated for marketing and loyalty purposes reserved for the founders and management the ico reserved for ico partner advisers reserved for marketing campaign team tokens allocated for marketing and loyalty purposes will gradually released enlarge userbase and fulfil monthly loyalty program. crypterium focused delivering those products that support mass scale adoption quickly and efficiently possible and thereby simultaneously delivering value crpt holders. the final tokens will distributed amongst the project team, advisors and the participants 'bounty' campaign. crypterium ensures the existence tokens the ownership people who will purchase tokens later than january (:: utc-), case providing that people all the necessary account details. distribution tokens can conducted before january, but tokens will inactive for usage and transfers. all possible functionality tokens will active january. purchase tokens via wire transfers will stopped days before expected date ico completion. people, who intended use this transfer method should deposit all funds before that date use other transfer methods (btc, eth, ltc) 'bounty' structure support required for many marketing and expert discussion forums such bitcointalk, the contribution opinion leaders, banner ads and participation selected publications that specialise cryptocurrency and blockchain. the exact distribution crpt tokens for the marketing campaign managed the ico organisers and adjusted regularly, but under circumstances will increase beyond the total issued crpt. crypterium whitepaper version crypterium future trajectories crypterium part the fast-growing ecosystem, which constantly develops innovative solutions for users cryptocurrencies make their adoption easier and more efficient. the following products are now the development and are intended available for the use crpt tokenholders the future. crypterium whitepaper version mobile cryptobank cryptowallet crypto asset and currencies are contained digital smart contract wallets. using currently available smart contract wallet technology, there need for customers move money out their wallets and into crypterium, crypterium will simply debit the appropriate amount from the wallets the predefined manner identified the payment protocols, and displays the remaining balances the customer within the crypterium mobile banking app. this way, the customer will able see all their crypto assets one place, whilst the same time being able spend them practically any order mix their desire, even the assets are different wallets, the secure knowledge that crypterium has access such assets unless the smart contract triggering payment takes place. maximum freedom with ultimate security. crypteriumsx (smart exchange) crypterium's technology platform based algorithms that ensure the most efficient bid-offer matching across natural peer-to-peer flow well third party crypto-exchanges. all historical transactions are stored dedicated data-warehouses that continuously analyses the data enhance risk management and identify predictive behaviours, and turn enable crypterium optimize the cryptocurrency exchange process and better educate the customer possible payment strategies, for example, may highlight different payment mixes depending the current cryptocurrencies valuations. other words, everything possible done ensure that the customer gets the best deal. crypterium whitepaper version crypterium cryptobank functionality standard everyday services will include: buy and sell btc, eth, xrp, ltc, dash, xem, neo, miota, xmr and many other cryptocurrencies and tokens international transfers any blockchain wallet's account, including bank cards, without limits restrictions (other than those applied for anti-money-laundering purposes) conversion and exchange between crypto assets direct payment for services such telephone, utilities, penalties, loans, taxes, internet, etc. automatic direct debit payments transaction history data (including sorting services such filters and payment categories) fiat currency transactions additional launch services will include: multi-currency transactions (write-off multiple currencies simultaneously) photo-payments simply take photo the invoice and send crypterium and we'll the rest (this may incur additional charges) payments for crypterium infrastructure users following services planning included: traditional banking services (following the acquisition banking licence) that will enable classical banking services co-exist with cryptocurrency services peer peer crypto and fiat currency transfer interest earning crypto deposits banking statements salary accounts crypterium whitepaper version cryptobank for businesses code payments there are two equally important sides the infrastructure required ensure the rapid adoption cryptoeconomy. the ability make payments and the ability receive payments. the crypterium mobile banking app will process the payments which turn will utilise the vast resources the world's biggest payment providers using digital contactless payment technology through supporting pos terminals receive payments. nevertheless, there are still millions businesses that for wide variety reasons are unable unwilling connect this payment network. for example, you will not find many street traders delhi that have contactless visa terminal. the crypterium team has more than years development fintech, actively building alternative contactless payment solutions for business covering all areas business life from key retail sectors such restaurants and bars, street traders and the internet stores. over the past year alone, more than payment transactions have been made through payment processing platforms, developed our team. this knowledge and experience will embedded into crypterium enabling reach much wider audience than possible today. the crypterium cryptobank for business will dedicated in-module solution for businesses that can applied all sectors. functions include: cryptocurrency exchange and settlements/acquiring fiat cryptocurrency matter how the payment was made customised loyalty and cashback programs universal web-office with: transaction history payment details managing filter currencies, payment time, shopping methods etc. new store connections crypterium's business banking solutions generates not only the ability for merchants accept cryptocurrencies, but also: conversion between cryptocurrencies and fiat money increases the speed payment, (compared other than cash) reduced costs. average payments through the crypterium infrastructure will times cheaper than the cost card acquiring about depending turnover flexibility with wide range payment solutions reliability, all solutions have been tested over years development and years usage crypterium has developed universal solution that has the ability replace expensive and restricted pos contactless terminals, simply act alternative those terminals when the merchant has access them would prefer enhanced experience. receive cryptopayments, the merchant has simply install special crypterium app their mobile device, such tablet, which turn produces payment codes containing all the essential payment details. the crypterium whitepaper version purchaser uses their crypterium mobile banking solution scan the code and the payments are processed practically instantaneously. this solution has become the overriding leader many countries, especially china where such methods payment have almost eliminated the competition. estimated that over payment points are equipped with payment solutions, which turn support the most popular apps alipay and wechat. with the support crypterium, such mass adoption could easily extended cryptocurrencies, for any merchant, anywhere the world. all they need internet connection via mobile device. crypterium e-commerce and automated services solutions crypterium developed api enables any internet store display code, which turn can read the crypterium mobile banking customer scan that code and make payment using cryptocurrencies the same way they could any contactless payment point. not only does enable the same benefits the mobile banking app noted previously, also simplifies the checkout process filling essential payment information such delivery address, contact phone number etc. when scanning the code. this all done instantaneously cost for the merchant which many times cheaper than they pay today. such benefits are also being applied offline contactless payment points where there need for human interaction, for example pay for parking permit paying for petrol without leaving the car. crypterium whitepaper version crypterium open platform crypterium believes that the cryptocurrency era will require much wider development community than just few leading cryptobanks. for this reason, crypterium providing open platform that enables companies build their own products using crypterium api. many the features the mobile platform will made available for developers use inside their own payment applications and solutions. examples products and services that can created and provided through the crypterium api include: cryptocurrency wallets cryptocurrency exchanges cryptosystems for payments and off-line loyalty programs payments with the use cryptocurrency and tokens information retrieval automated regular payments billing receive automatic notification transactions the following diagram shows the range modules that will available for developers. crypterium whitepaper version please note that solutions described this section are not guaranteed and may may not delivered the future depending the market needs, regulations, ability the team achieve best technical performance and other risks which may known unknown the team now. the crypterium future trajectories are all planned developments and are presented for informational purpose only show what the team had been working and how the entire ecosystem may look like developed. you should not rely these solutions when making purchase crpt tokens because these are planned bonus features rather than the essential functionality the crpt token. crypterium whitepaper version crypterium corporate vision corporate culture our corporate culture formed the years successful development and achievement planned results based following principles. not less than all available resources are distributed for scaling and increase userbase, this trajectory led success most time. more than resources intended used maintain current operational activities including wages management. the rest part all available resources aimed research and development and search for new stack technologies. product development product development and further roll-out naturally affected our corporate vision. the following are considered our current objectives: crypterium cryptocurrency wallet with fiat settlements are planning provide full stack innovative technological solutions, including processing centre, fiat-to-crypto and vice versa instant exchanges, nfs payments support (only for android devices via card emulation), integrations with third-party cryptocurrency payment infrastructure, transfers fiat and crypto currencies. our plans are spend the development this direction least eth the nearest years. crypterium mobile bank should the one the best payment solution the industry including such technologies crypteriumsx, native contactless payment support (apple pay, samsung pay, android pay and oth.), partnership with banks financial institutions every region financial activities guarantee stability and security settlements. estimate that around eth has invested achieve our product vision. the next big thing crypterium own payment infrastructure, which plan will cover least pos and online stores around the world. rather difficult estimate marginal expenses every connection the store, but definitely looks like will spend least around eth building all the solutions and expanding our minimal infrastructure. expect spend least eth creating universal openapi for our products, developing crypterium the direction providing standard banking services and developing complementary services. all rest available funds will intend use r&d for such technology credit subtoken protocol and others. crypterium whitepaper version the advantages crypterium ecosystem analysis that compares crypterium previously announced cryptobanks based the intended functionality the ecosystem once complete. market standard individual companies crypterium wide range cryptocurrencies and digital assets, not just bitcoin. yes yes addition the standard compatibility with existing payment systems, developing its own settlements infrastructure yes yes using payment systems infrastructure for cardcard-transfer and withdrawal depositing cash atms, not just online and offline payments. yes yes for buying and selling cryptocurrency and digital assets, well exchanging them with each other develop private market yes yes loyalty cash-back program yes yes ability use tokens any completed audited ico, where those tokens are traded public exchanges. yes payment calculations within party mobile payment services (apple pay, samsung pay, android pay, etc.), and not just restricted virtual plastic cards yes compatibility with the payment systems asia (the largest cryptocurrency market the world) (unionpay and jcb), not only visa mastercard american express. yes protocol solutions for the safe automatic withdrawal from authenticated cryptocurrency storage and digital assets (e.g. third-party wallets), not just erc standard token standard yes feature crypterium whitepaper version own settlement infrastructure supports instant conversion cryptocurrency fiat cash for recipients without further actions the recipients, not just crypto crypto and fiat crypto options yes platform for affiliate partners showcase their products and services including those that require/have crowd-funding support yes all product functions and features can fully implemented inside third-party solutions, not just proprietary solutions (including affiliate partner product scaling). yes open platform for the build third party solutions, including white label (full openapi). free, "sandbox", channel distribution and standalone products and platform extensions. yes separate logical default platform components may replaced more specialist components, including those completed icos (for example, the application bancor protocol comit network for certain areas the platform). yes growing portfolio in-house satellite services that together will form business network based platform (invoicing, code translation patronage, short-term cryptocurrency value setting, digital assets for deferred payment, lending scoring logic amongst many other features). yes crypterium whitepaper version additional comparisons benefits planned available crpt tokenholders with recently announced cryptobanks feature crypterium tenx tokencard card issue instantly weeks weeks cashback/loyalty rewards deducted from all merchant fees currency exchange/assets crypteriumsx n/a n/a qr-payments for merchants yes the cost the transaction hosted wallet and smart contract hosted wallet and smart contract smart contract open platform yes yes work with amex, unionpay and jcb yes security assets date comparison actual fees are higher, transactions are not based the lowest exchange rate possible actual fees are higher, transactions are not based the lowest exchange rate possible crypterium whitepaper version adherence all legal and regulatory standards the purchase any tokens involves high degree risk, including but not limited the risks described below. before purchasing crpt tokens, recommended that each participant carefully weighs all the information and risks detailed this white paper, and, specifically, the following risk factors. dependence computer infrastructure crypterium dependence functioning software applications, computer hardware and the internet implies that crypterium can offer assurances that system failure would not adversely affect the use your crpt tokens. despite crypterium implementation all reasonable network security measures, its processing center servers are vulnerable computer viruses, physical electronic break-ins other disruptions similar nature. computer viruses, break-ins other disruptions caused third parties may result interruption, delay suspension services, which would limit the use the crpt tokens. smart contract limitations smart contract technology still its early stages development, and its application experimental nature. this may carry significant operational, technological, regulatory, reputational and financial risks. consequently, although the audit conducted independent third party increases the level security, reliability, and accuracy, this audit cannot serve any form warranty, including any expressed implied warranty that the crpt smart contract fit for purpose that contains flaws, vulnerabilities issues which could cause technical problems the complete loss crpt tokens. regulatory risks the blockchain technology, including but not limited the issue tokens, may new concept some jurisdictions, which may then apply existing regulations introduce new regulations regarding blockchain technology-based applications, and such regulations may conflict with the current crpt smart contract setup and crpt token concept. this may result substantial modifications the crpt smart contract, including but not limited its termination and the loss crpt tokens well suspension termination all crpt token functions. taxes. token holders may required pay taxes associated with the transactions involving crpt tokens. will sole responsibility the token holders comply with the tax laws the relevant jurisdictions and pay all required taxes. force majeure. crypterium performance may interrupted, suspended delayed due force majeure circumstances. for the purposes this white paper, force majeure shall mean extraordinary events crypterium whitepaper version and circumstances which could not prevented crypterium and shall include: acts nature, wars, armed conflicts, mass civil disorders, industrial actions, epidemics, lockouts, slowdowns, prolonged shortage other failures energy supplies communication service, acts municipal, state federal governmental agencies, other circumstances beyond crypterium control, which were not existence the time token sale. such circumstances occur prior issuance crpt tokens and crypterium unable issue crpt tokens within months from the projected date, the escrow agent may issue refund the request the crpt token purchasers. the refund will issued the original form payment the same digital wallet bank account where the funds were transferred from. disclosure information. personal information received from crpt token holders, the information about the number tokens owned, the wallet addresses used, and any other relevant information may disclosed law enforcement, government officials, and other third parties when crypterium required disclose such information law, subpoena, court order. crypterium shall time held responsible for such information disclosure. value crpt token. once purchased, the value crpt token may significantly fluctuate due various reasons. crypterium does not guarantee any specific value the crpt token over any specific period time. crypterium shall not held responsible for any change the value crpt token. assumptions with respect the foregoing involve, among other things, judgments about the future economic, competitive and market conditions and business decisions, most which are beyond the control the crypterium team and therefore difficult impossible accurately predict. although the crypterium team believes that its assumptions underlying its forward-looking statements are reasonable, any these may prove inaccurate. result, the crypterium team can offer assurances that the forward-looking statements contained this white paper will prove accurate. light the significant uncertainties inherent the forward-looking statements contained herein, the inclusion such information may not interpreted warranty the part crypterium any other entity that the objectives and plans the crypterium project will successfully achieved. please note that the crypterium project crpt token may subject other risks not foreseen its team this time.