crypto: the first tokenized cryptocurrency index fund daniel schwartzkopff, luke schwartzkopff, raymond botha, matthew finlayson with frans cronje, behalf crypto october you are not eligible and you are not purchase any the crypto token sale (as referred this white paper) you are citizen, resident (tax otherwise) green card holder the united states america, citizen resident the republic south africa cayman islands. please read this section and the sections the end this white paper entitled disclaimer liability, representations and warranties, representations and warranties you, cautionary note forward-looking statements, market and industry information and consent other persons, advice, further information update, restrictions distribution and dissemination, offer securities registration and risks and uncertainties carefully. regulatory authority has examined approved any the information set out this white paper. such action has been will taken under the laws, regulatory requirements rules any jurisdiction. the publication, distribution dissemination this white paper does not imply that the applicable laws, regulatory requirements rules have been complied with. you should consult with your legal, financial, tax and other professional advisors(s) before taking any action connection with this white paper. there are risks and uncertainties associated with the company and its business and operations, the cs, the crypto token sale and the underlying assets, described below. the tokens described this white paper are not intended constitute securities any jurisdiction. this white paper does not constitute prospectus offer document any sort and not intended constitute offer securities solicitation for investment securities any jurisdiction. this white paper, any part thereof and any copy thereof must not taken transmitted any country where distribution dissemination this white paper prohibited restricted. part this white paper reproduced, distributed disseminated without including this section and the following sections entitled disclaimer liability, representations and warranties, representations and warranties you, cautionary note forward-looking statements, market and industry information and consent other persons, terms used, advice, further information update, restrictions distribution and dissemination, offer securities registration and risks and uncertainties. this white paper does not constitute form part any opinion any advice sell, any solicitation any offer crypto, exempted company registered under the laws the cayman islands (the company) purchase any tokens (c) nor shall any part it, nor the fact its presentation, form the basis of, relied upon connection with, any contract investment decision. the company will deploy the proceeds sale the fund the project, businesses and operations, outlined this white paper. any agreement between the company and you purchaser, and relation any sale and purchase, governed only separate document provided the company (the t&c). the t&c will set out the terms and conditions such agreement. the event any inconsistencies between the t&cs and this white paper, the t&c shall prevail. this white paper has been prepared multiple languages. the event any inconsistencies between one version and another, the english language version shall prevail. executive summary the only opportunity for future participants buy these tokens post-ico will from ico participants exchange further tokens will sold minted. the ico funds will towards purchasing the underlying assets. full breakdown funds utilization and token distribution available sections and xiii. cryptocurrencies have grown exponentially since their creation with the total cryptocurrency market capitalization currently standing over billion. while growth has been strong, the market capitilization cryptocurrencies whole still only fraction that the s&p index which itself only fraction the global stock investment market. there still room for considerable growth. the index hyperparameters for the portfolio and rebalancing methodology were carefully determined via structured data science approach. trading strategy was put place mitigate the risk front-running and viability study was conducted confirm that portfolio the maximum raise size would able effectively acquire sufficient coins without paying large premium. the minimum effective portfolio size and this not achieved all investor funds will returned. maximum component weight was selected prevent any single asset from dominating the index. there are now thousands cryptocurrencies choose from, with more appearing each day. choice paralyzes choice adds cost, complexity and the need for advice. high risk, extreme volatility and practical difficulty compound render buying and safely storing effective and diverse portfolio coins (cryptocurrencies) complex problem. crypto the worlds first cryptocurrency-only tokenized index fund, and aims provide solution this problem. the portfolio will autonomously maintain diverse portfolio the top cryptocurrencies market capitalization the same way that funds such the vanguard maintain portfolio based the market capitilization the top publicly listed companies (the s&p order continue track the market (index) over time, crypto's asset portfolio adjusted regularly process called rebalancing. security extremely important and the smart contract code was audited independent third party (hosho group). expert advisors were consulted, best practices implemented and strong identity verification procedures put place prevent sybil attacks and bad actors from compromising crypto. crypto's holdings will audited and the audit report made public post-ico. full list advisors available the crypto website. public ico will held from the october the november crypto will use the ico contributions acquire assets and test rebalancing over december and the coin expected listed exchange january crypto not platform, fully functioning product. crypto cuts out the middleman and thus able offer the lowest fees the industry. index funds have consistently outperformed actively managed funds since their inception. for the -month period ending may investors poured more than billion into index funds, while actively managed funds experienced outflows roughly billion during the same period. one reason why index funds outperform actively managed funds due their low annual fees. crypto has annual fee only whereas competing crypto offerings have fees per year. all crypto offerings built one the many recently launched fund platforms will apply their fees over and above those the platform. crypto can offer such low fees because independent and automated. index strategies are set rules that algorithm can act with human intervention required. all trading data will stored during crypto's operations this valuable data includes order books, pricing, coin volumes and more. after approximately six months trading this deep dataset will utilized our machine learning partner, dataprophet, optimize rebalancing and produce trading strategies for future fund types. crypto ico participants will have priority access these very limited cap funds and the token will convertible. conclusion, crypto closed-cap, tokenized cryptocurrency portfolio that autonomously tracks the top cryptocurrencies with weekly rebalancing maximum component weight instantly owning diverse cryptocurrency portfolio now easy holding single token. utility token that representative portion the total value the crypto cryptocurrecy index. the initial tokens can only acquired during the token offering process which one off, closed cap offering. the tokens provided will represent participant's share the portfolio. the total amount contributed during the offering will directly towards buying the underlying cryptocurrencies. erc token based upon the ethereum blockchain. operating the blockchain allows for global accessability, trading, transparency, public verification crypto's holdings and expensive legacy banking fees. "don't look for the needle the haystack. just buy the haystack!" john bogle, founder the vanguard group and inventor the index fund. the tokens value linked directly the underlying cryptocurrency assets held crypto via the innovative price floor mechanism implemented our smart contract. the smart contract allows participants cash out for their share the underlying assets any time. this means that c's value exchange will protected will irrational sell price lower than the tokens share the underlying assets higher price offered via the smart contract. token holders are free sell exchange their tokens any time and pay exit fees, broker fees advice fees. ontents legal disclaimer: introduction typical portfolio fund structures iii rationale behind crypto index strategy smart contract specifications liquidation option token distribution and structure vii portfolio hyperparameters viii rebalancing methodology security transparency trading strategy automation xii marketing and investor relations xiii ico funds utilization xiv reporting project timeline xvi conclusion references xvi-a restrictions distribution and dissemination prospective ico participants should inform themselves the legal requirements and tax consequences within the countries their citizenship, residence, domicile, and place business with respect the acquisition, holding disposal the tokens, and any foreign exchange restrictions that may relevant thereto. the distribution this white paper and the offer and sale the tokens certain jurisdictions may restricted law. this white paper does not constitute offer sell the solicitation offer buy any person for whom unlawful make such offer solicitation. crypto not providing you legal, business, financial tax advice about any matter. you may not legally able participate this private, unregistered offering. you should consult with your own attorney, accountant and other advisors about those matters (including determining whether you may legally participate this ico). you should contact with any questions about this ico the tokens. the responsibility any persons wishing acquire the tokens inform themselves and observe all applicable laws and regulations any relevant jurisdictions. prospective ico participants should inform themselves the legal requirements and tax consequences within the countries their citizenship, residence, domicile and place business with respect the acquisition, holding disposal the tokens, and any restrictions that may relevant thereto. this white paper constitutes offer tokens only those jurisdictions and those persons where and whom they lawfully may offered for sale. this white paper does not constitute offer subscribe for securities except the extent permitted the laws each applicable jurisdiction. nothing this white paper intended create contract for investment into crypto, and each potential ico participant acknowledges that crypto will rely this assertion ico participants statements with respect compliance with the laws the jurisdiction which the ico participant legally domiciled. important note from our lawyers: crypto incorporated the cayman islands. its company registration number this document should not construed offer solicitation offer for the sale tokens. the individuals listed this document are not and will not selling tokens and have drafted this document behalf the legal entity that will conducting the relevant token sale. consider the english language version all crypto communications, media and documentation the only official version. introduction the benefits are simple and many: convenience, broker fees, exit fees, full transparency, full control and lower price bound. there need keep your tokens centralized platform and you are free sell exchange your tokens without restriction. automation allows crypto operate with fees only p/a opposed the market average p/a. abstract crypto autonomous cryptocurrency-only portfolio composed utilizing index strategy. the token sale funding will used buy the underlying cryptocurrency assets and crypto will hold the top cryptocurrencies market capitalization. crypto cuts out the middleman, the platform, and thus able offer significantly lower fees. index funds have consistently beaten the average managed fund since their inception. crypto not platform, fully functioning product and its token value not based speculation but rather the product benefits and net asset value the underlying cryptocurrencies. there are broker fees, advice fees exit fees. crypto's utility token called can traded any time, holdings are fully transparent and there are legacy banking fees expensive fund managers. trust required the ability human fund administrators/traders index fund strategy does not require any discretion judgment, just adherence method determined via data science. the number tokens, rebalancing frequency and asset weightings were carefully determined and our approach detailed this white paper. tokens are directly tied the underlying assets with novel liquidation option that can exercised via the smart contract. this function ensures greatest lower bound (infimum) the market value all tokens. the ico funds will used buy the underlying assets. tokens can liquidated through the smart contract for their share the porfolio's net asset value (nav). this key: protects the token price would not rational sell lower value exchange when tokens can directly liquidated for higher value. crypto allows for access diverse cryptocurrency portfolio holding single token. the tokens will tradable exchange post-ico and further tokens will issued. the top cryptocurrencies market capitalization change, and will crypto's holdings. this rebalancing process allows for tracking the cryptocurrency market index and effective risk mitigation strategy. funds with stellar performance attract substantial amounts new money. manager will most likely have use that new money "chase" relatively small group coins. this buying pressure can drive coin prices, forcing the fund manager pay higher prices than would otherwise the case affecting all tokenholders reducing the fund's future gains. this the motivation for issuing further tokens post-ico. cryptocurrency portfolio based hybrid index system consisting the top coins market cap, with weekly rebalancing and component cap produces combination that has broad market exposure and acceptable turnover without allowing single asset, and thus single source risk, dominate. this paper seeks structure and justify our hypotheses and conclusions. the total market cap the s&p (june th, was trillion usd while the entire combined cryptocurrency market cap only fraction (approximately .%) this []. the s&p only small part the global investment market. there thus still significant potential introduce retail investors into the crypto market. exposure crypto returns with broad, limited risk profile offers compelling case both crypto and fiat investors. crypto's value proposition (diversification holding single token) will heavily promoted via marketing and investor outreach. the only opportunity purchase these tokens post-ico will exchange from ico participants highlighting the real demand for reduced risk crypto investments whilst simultaneously creating value for participants. crypto will benefit the community whole market transparency and liquidity will increase result our trading activity. will bring fresh support, funding, and understanding the community. conventional investors who were uncertain about investing single technology system will now have option support the emerging cryptocurrency market through crypto. ii. typical portfolio fund structures iii. rationale behind crypto index strategy index investing has seen exponential growth among investors since the first index mutual fund was launched this has proven successful form investment the low-cost involved has allowed index funds outperform the majority active managers across market and asset styles. fig. over -year investment horizon more than large-cap fund managers failed outperform their benchmark index. the odds picking winning fund manager are also low: studies show that regardless past performance, future performance virtually random []. comparison managed vs. index funds simply, index fund allows investors track the index the underlying trend behind the selection assets without being reliant particular one. there active trading apart from the rebalancing assets fixed time intervals. this allows the fund consistently track the mean market performance even some the original assets fall out favor. definitions: open-end mutual fund: open-end fund mutual fund issuing unlimited shares investments stocks and/or bonds. investing creates more shares, whereas selling shares takes them out circulation. shares are bought and sold demand their net asset value, which based the value the fund's underlying securities and calculated the end the trading day. when large number shares are redeemed, the fund may sell some its investments pay the investor. shares are bought directly from the fund administrators. the crypto tokenized portfolio would the first its kind bought with crypto and holds only cryptocurrencies. will bring stability and old-economy money into the ecosystem, which will boost liquidity and provide stable instrument for those who previously thought was too risky invest single technology. exchange-traded fund (etf): exchange-traded fund like open-end mutual fund but instead trades common stock stock exchange. not purchased directly from fund administrators. etf may trade premium discount the nav but this often very short-lived due arbitrage institutional investors. hypothesized that one not able attribute the lack cryptocurrency take-up retail investors seeking allocate 'high-risk' portfolio funds solely the difficulty purchasing cryptocurrencies. the number exchanges, services and payment methods available purchase cryptocurrencies increasing exponentially. many cases easier and less burdensome purchase bitcoin than invest usd denominated mutual fund. closed-end fund (cef): closed-end fund seeded once-off via ipo and then traded exchange thereafter. further shares are issued and cefs may trade above net asset value buying and selling the shares exchange has effect the underlying assets. the authors believe this lack investment may due the fact that such product has previously been available, communicated effectively plain non-technical language and actively marketed this sector. there distinction between 'high risk' and 'unacceptable risk' the minds many investors cryptocurrencies have traditionally been seen the latter []. crypto aims bring the risk acceptable level for allocation retail investor's portfolio. the structure crypto analogous new hybridtype; closed-hybrid fund (chf): chf closed-end fund that trades with index strategy whereas traditionally all closed-end funds have been actively managed. post-ico, investors will only able purchase the tokens exchange. further tokens will sold directly. buying and selling tokens exchange does not affect the underlying nav and chfs are able trade premium depending market forces. zero sum game the central concept underlying the case for indexfund investing that the zero-sum game. this theory states that, any given time, the market consists the cumulative holdings all investors, and that the aggregate market return equal the asset-weighted return all market participants. since the market return represents the average return all investors, for each position that outperforms the market, there must position that price floor created via the liquidation option the smart contract, effectively ensuring that the token not able trade discount. underperforms the market the same amount, such that, aggregate, the excess return all invested assets equals zero. ethereum smart contracts enable very transparent way offering liquidation option. the smart contract complies with the erc token standard and can used from any compatible ethereum wallet. the contract code facilitates ico crowdsale specifying start and end block number restrict certain functions during the ico period. the token ether price ratio adjusted dynamically throughout the presale such that token price tracks (the bonus structure then applied top this). this zero sum around the market weighted mean return means that for every profitable trade investor makes, another investor must make the opposite side that trade and incur loss relative the market. this holds true regardless whether the coin token question mispriced not, and for the same reason, the zero-sum game theory must apply regardless market direction. the distribution market returns will thus centered around mean the index crypto aims track. holding basket coins hope capture this mean return expect see few coins that underperform and few that overperform, the sum the returns should provide the mean market/index return. participants can send ether the contract directly via the buy buyto functions. the ether purchase amount used calculate the tokens bought which are then added the balance the participant account. the participant account (the account that debited with tokens) the sender account when using the buy and fallback function the specified address when using the buyto function and passing address argument. low-fee fund benefits active traders and fund managers generally have far higher fund expense ratio than that index fund around times higher than index fund p/a compared p/a). the effect this that the aggregate return investors less than zero sum which makes outperformance compared index strategy and the market much less likely. the smart contract has two-tier control functionality which gives two controlling wallets different levels authority. this allows future blockchain development and full on-chain automation without sacrificing the control fund managers. the withdraw function automatically calculates the ether amount send the participant account based forward pricing policy which uses the asset-backed price the tokens less trading fee. this trading fee not fee that crypto imposes levied the exchanges necessary execute the liquidation procedure. the price will updated regularly accurately reflect the value the underlying crypto assets. data from the financial research corporation has been used evaluate the predictive value different fund metrics such fund's past performance, morningstar rating, alpha, and beta []. the study, funds expense ratio was the most reliable predictor its future performance, with low-cost funds delivering above-average performance relative the funds their peer group all the periods examined. likewise, morningstar performed similar analysis across its universe funds and found that, regardless fund type, low expense ratios were the best predictors future relative outperformance []. simplified contract withdrawal function for illustrative purposes function withdraw(uint withdrawamount) address participant msg.sender; require(block.number fundingendblock); require(balanceof(participant) withdrawamount); uint withdrawvalue withdrawamount currentprice; position large player the crypto markets will afford crypto access lower exchange fees and none the legacy banking costs. fiat investors looking for crypto returns with broad exposure and limited risk profile will drawn crypto. require(this.balance withdrawvalue); balances[participant] safesub(balances[participant],withdrawamount); balances[fundwallet] safeadd(balances[fundwallet],withdrawamount); participant.transfer(withdrawvalue); iv. smart contract specifications reasons for choosing the ethereum blockchain: security and predictability (as opposed to, for example, having run separate blockchain), use robust and well-supported clients (ethereumbased tokens can managed with official ethereum clients), high liquidity (transferable for ether), easier listing exchanges with infrastructure already place, this withdrawal function ensures greatest lower bound (infimum) the pseudo-continuous time market value all tokens. formally: inf imum{s(ui where the speculative market coefficient any single participant's total initial contribution (fi and represents the total asset value the portfolio. seeing that per tokens bought fixed during the ico and that further tokens are minted; participants are assured maximum minimum withdrawal amount that independent all market forces the implications this are explained below. summary: liquidation option high-volume traders may seek exploit pricing the detriment the community initiating sell-offs that cascade and result flash crashes that they can purchase the cheap tokens. the liquidation option offers price floor protection this ensures the price never drops below that the underlying assets because market manipulation. prices are, however, free increase speculative value created the high demand for low-cost, diversified and automated cryptocurrency portfolio that can held single token. the crypto team tokens will vest over two years ensure that team incentives are aligned with ico participants. this enabled via public smart contract 'vault'. vii. portfolio hyperparameters future-proofing: eventually crypto returns will likely settle and resemble real-world investment returns the market becomes more efficient, and altcoins reduce bitcoin market cap dominance. exchange fees will then more relevant they become larger with respect profits. predicting the rise and fall cryptocurrencies near impossible and remarkably difficult even established markets with decades data. small, dynamically allocated percentage crypto's assets will held the smart contract (in ether) facilitate the liquidation option. this amount will controlled automatically usage demands. the vast majority other cryptocurrency assets will held various cold storage wallets. the rationale behind index strategy was previously established will now focus increasing market exposure and decreasing the costs running such system. during withdrawal, the tokens are transferred back crypto's managers. these tokens are then resold exchange the current nav per token market price, whichever higher. this ensures that the underlying assets can rebought the event that investor uses the liquidation option which would unlikely due the market price floor explained above. test assumptions and conditions: back-tests for portfolio value well expenses were carried out for -day rolling windows, each separated days, over the period january august the rolling windows are implemented ensure the results are relatively time-invariant. the value and expense graphs are for disjoint windows, line graphs are used for clarity. vi. token distribution and structure there will token creation, minting mining after the ico period. tokens will transferable and tradable once the ico successfully completed and the underlying assets have been acquired. investment can made eth, btc ltc. the usd equivalent amount any eth, btc ltc invested will locked the time investment according market rates and considered the participant's contribution. expenses are calculated every trade required rebalance the portfolio and are accumulated within each window. this includes both the selling off and purchasing entire coin holdings that enter exit the top number coins, well trades required maintain the appropriate cap-ceiling. token type: erc ethereum blockchain maximum supply (hard cap): available for purchase: minimum ico contribution: eth minimum raise: price per token: pre-sale week, tokens): pre-sale first hours ico: hrs week ico: week ico: team advisory team marketing and investor relations legal security systems and smart contract bounty program ico participants blockchain forks were treated anomalies and any new coins created were seen disparate from any other coin holdings for the purpose these tests. this was done ensure that test results not incorrectly value smaller number coins higher cap-ceiling due this particular anomaly being present the data set. discrete values were chosen for analysis prevent overfitting the limited data. tests the various hyperparameters were performed simultaneously but are presented ordered sections for clarity. section rebalancing frequency rebalancing the act periodically adjusting portfolio such that its asset composition reflects the index aims track. rebalancing index fund not only reduces risk but also increases the median return. daily, weekly and monthly rebalancing periods were investigated well rebalancing. fig. portfolio performance for different rebalancing frequencies hypotheses: hypothesized that rebalanced portfolio likely provide greater median return. this means that rebalanced portfolio likely outperform non-rebalanced porfolio over multiple periods. the test conducted will therefore over multiple windows with each point the line graph representing the portfolio value the end the window. the rebalancing frequency needs achieve balance between accurately tracking the index and keeping turnover, and thus expenses, low. hypothesized that weekly rebalancing frequency will achieve this goal. fig. expenses for different rebalancing frequencies analysis and conclusion: figure can noted that rebalancing outperforms no-rebalancing across the majority observations terms value. rebalancing strategy thus selected. tests: back-test portfolio value for varying rebalancing frequencies for tracking index the top coins market cap was performed. can seen figure above the expense ratio increases dramatically with daily rebalancing. crypto returns the long-term begin normalize the much greater expenses incurred daily rebalancing will have more significant effect the total value crypto's holdings. weekly rebalancing frequency tracks the index more accurately than monthly and has more acceptable cost ratio than daily. fig. portfolio performance for market-weighted portfolios with different rebalancing frequencies section number tracked coins can seen figure above, portfolio without rebalancing does not track the index effectively. figure below, weekly rebalancing seems achieve the greatest portfolio value most often out the four rebalancing frequencies. the rebalancing frequency increases from weekly daily there dramatic increase expenses. this undesirable. figure provides illustration this difference. hypothesized that portfolio expenses and returns are correlated with the number coins held the portfolio. hypotheses: tests: back-test portfolio value with number coins with weekly rebalancing frequency and cap-ceiling was performed. figure below illustrates the frequency which each coin selection has the greatest value the end each testing window. figure illustrates how expenses percentage portfolio value varies the number coins the portfolio tracks. each point represents total expenses per rolling window period. note that the test results shown for each the hypotheses presented below not constitute the entirety the data analyzed reach their respective conclusions. large test space was simultaneously analyzed and only the most relevant graphs are presented here. hypothesized that decreasing the cap correlates increased total expense ratio coins with lower marketcap (and thus lower index ranking) will have higher than normal weighting and thus incur greater expenses when they churn and out the index. tests: fig. fig. back-test portfolio value for top coins market cap ceiling {%, with weekly rebalancing was performed. pure market-share weighted (no cap) portfolio was also back-tested for comparison. portfolio performance for different number coins direct return comparison for different number coins fig. fig. portfolio performance for different market caps expenses for different number coins fig. expenses for different market caps analysis and conclusions: the number coins the tracked index does seem correlated the portfilo's return and expense ratio. the number outperforming windows substantially higher for coins when compared the alternatives figure above. the portfolio value incorporates turnover and thus expenses. coins are therefore selected represent the crypto index. analysis and conclusions: figure confirms that capped portfolio performs substantially better over the most recent windows (spanning the past days). also seen that cap ceiling performs most consistently over all observed windows. cap more profitable more often and offers decreased risk profile when compared portfolio without cap where single coin may entirely dominate. section cap-ceiling hybrid-market cap index strategy protects against single coin dominating portfolio composition whether bitcoin now another coin future. the higher the market cap ceiling the closer the hybrid model emulates pure market-share model, with cap being roughly functionally identical the market-share model. decreasing cap does correlate with increasing expense ratio hypothesized (figure this due the increased churn caused more evenly spread asset distribution and consequence the greater weighting the lower market-cap coins. lower cap does, however, allow the portfolio achieve greater and more consistent returns. hypotheses hypothesized that hybrid-market capped portfolio will increase returns and give broader market exposure comparison pure market-cap weighted portfolio due the greater weighting altcoins will receive. hyperparameter summary crypto will any stage hold varying amounts the coins that form the index tracks. the majority each these cryptocurrencies will stored cold wallets with small percentage each currency stored wallet our servers facilitate automatic rebalancing. rebalancing necessitates moving more the cryptocurrency these hot wallets this will done manually via interfacing with various cold wallets crypto's portfolio managers will notified ahead time accommodate this. the weekly rebalancing period affords more than sufficient time for this purpose. portfolio utilising hybrid-market cap weighted index strategy that tracks coins with cap weighting provides broad market exposure with acceptable turnover and mitigates risk more evenly weighting the tracked assets. the cap also assists future-proofing the porfolio because single asset, and thus single source risk, not allowed dominate. weekly rebalancing frequency offers acceptable balance between portfolio turnover and the ability accurately track the underlying index. viii. rebalancing methodology trades will executed over multiple exchanges varying times within our weekly rebalancing window mitigate the risk front-running. the following section, trading strategy, contains quantitative analysis liquidity and front-running. crypto's portfolio will rebalanced accordance with ftse russel's capping methodology []. the constituent capping factor given by: (pj (pi ledger nano will used for the storage all cryptocurrencies supports. for all cryptocurrencies not supported, encrypted usb drives will utilized. these storage devices will held secure safe deposit boxes with back-up paper-wallets stored separate secure locations. locations are undisclosed for security consideration. public audit post-ico will confirm the presence and safe storage the usb drives and paper-wallets ico participants. where, denotes the crypto capped denotes uncapped crypto the subset cryptos that are uncapped the official closing price the crypto the circulating supply the crypto the percentage the index represented all uncapped constituents the percentage capping level (i.e. wallet interactions with crypto will facilitated through light clients running within their own containerized services. see the automation section for additional detail. the constituent capping factor calculated and applied all constituents whose uncapped weighting above the weights the uncapped constituents are then calculated and any previously uncapped crypto now has weighting greater than the constituent capping factor recalculated including this crypto the subset that requires capping. this process repeated until all cryptocurrencies are capped correctly. trading strategy the s&p rebalanced quarterly and additions deletions are announced several days prior the actual change []. most years stocks the s&p are replaced []. any funds tracking this index need rebalance their portfolios accordance with these changes. some index funds trade the added removed stocks the days the run-up the change and some trade the day the change. ix. security transparency crypto has implemented security industry best practices for defense against sybil attacks and bad actors co-operation with our team expert advisors. strong identity verification and authentication procedures are place ensure secure operations. //, the bottom stocks the vanguard s&p etf are only approximately the index value []. the market cap the vanguard fund billion and the bottom stocks are $.m market cap the total fund. these stocks have combined average daily trading volume $.m []. front-running and purchasing stocks seemingly much greater problem for fiat index funds which vanguard only one and these funds only lose basis points p/a per year) front-runners []. the smart contract code has been thoroughly audited the hosho group (https://hosho.io/) for vulnerabilities, confirmation operation described this white paper, static and manual analysis the smart contract, gas analysis and verification the deployment procedure. transparency crypto's trading activities and current holdings will ensured through the use viewonly exchange apis well through proof reserve for non-exchange wallets (this includes both hot and cold wallets). the crypto portfolio's lowest weighted constituents would approximately aum average []. this coins amount usd, per slippage name pos. avg vol. aum waves $.m nem $.m tenx $.m $,, eos $.m xi. automation crypto will automated via api integration with multiple exchanges, possibly including but not limited to: bitstamp, bitfinex, bter, bittrex and poloniex. the full list exchanges utilized will available our website when trading begins. additional exchanges will added when vetted and apis with the minimum sufficient functionality are made available. table amount immediately purchasable for four low-volume coins the crypto index august the liquidation price the tokens will determined through the use exchange service developed crypto. automation liquidation price updates are essential part smooth business operation, however, automation can also expose security risks due the necessity online private key storage. circumvent this risk implementing two-tier permissions system, with multiple addresses allocated only the necessary permissions fulfill particular task, such updating the liquidation price. this strategy enables risk-mitigating automation without having store crucial private keys online. equates with $m-worth aum. the lowest market-cap coins the index have average daily trading volumes approximately $-m, evident table the amount immediately purchasable was calculated automatically the crypto exchange service via the ingestion order book data from the utilized exchanges. adding coin thus generally necessitates the purchase only average daily trading volume, while the vanguard s&p index fund has contend with the purchase the average daily trading volume. the crypto backend runs cluster containerized services using thoroughly scalable and redundant architecture running kubernetes. security and reliability central our system design rely public-key cryptography, multiple factor authentication and system isolation private keys. the vast majority crypto's holdings will stored offline cold wallets. the coin with the lowest trading volume, waves, able comfortably support the purchase more than aum the rebalancing period slippage only from the best price. only would need acquired for the august example. this effectively justifies the decision for maximum portfolio value $,,. backend calls exchange api services will used find optimum routes for different trading pairs obtain best possible prices trades. this method will ensure underlying assets are always bought the most competitive rates and exchange fees. any front runners would need anticipate coins entering the top and have enough liquid capital exchange move market rates. crypto's index strategy trading rules will known however, several strategies will employed mitigate this risk: cryptocurrencies will sent the exchange -hrs advance the trade that traders cannot follow the hot-wallet know exactly when purchase sale will made. weekly rebalancing window affords sufficient time this. trades will executed over multiple exchanges. trades will executed varying times within the rebalancing window prevent predictability. crypto's system architecture makes use microservice design pattern, incorporating messaging and task queues with full event logging. isolating services that can act potential attack vectors from the rest our systems will enable enforce tight security preventing the kind breaches some other ethereum-based ventures have seen. xii. marketing and investor relations anomalies and responses the crypto team will invest significant time and effort into post-ico marketing targeted towards investors the traditional financial sector via the production information sheets, explainer videos and planning documents that are easily understandable. token holders will able view detailed information their holdings and portfolio composition the crypto website. crypto will focus marketing efforts solely nonregulated markets. promotion solicitation will performed where participation forbidden likely forbidden the near future order remain compliant forking: cryptocurrency were fork, the forked currency would added regular portfolio asset. rebalancing would performed per usual the next interval. crypto base btc-eth swap: btc-eth swap does not affect crypto's trading strategy. during rebalancing, the most supported single-base exchange pairs are used agnostic the specific crypto. with local legislation. xv. project timeline initial research and development january april developed the team and concept; conducted thorough backtests determine portfolio hyperparameters; set wheels motion create compliant legal structure. xiii. ico funds utilization the crypto team has completed the development the trading system. the ico funds (%) will towards purchasing the underlying assets. small allocation (.%) made for legal fees ensure that crypto compliant with regulation upon commencement exchange trading and complete audit received funds major auditing firm. crypto and its cryptocurrency diversification value proposition will heavily promoted retail investors and allocation made facilitate this. any unused funds from the operating expense allocation will utilized discretionary capacity once crypto has commenced on-going trading. develop smart contract and autonomous trading system april june developed innovative crypto smart contract best practice specifications; developed back-end for multi-exchange trading. finalize smart contract and trading protocol june july complete smart contract auditready state. optimized autonomous index trading algorithm mitigate front-running and slippage. consultation with industry expert advisors. continued marketing pre-exchange listing legal fees and post-ico audit underlying assets test trading system; security audit july september security audit and code review process. trading system tested and completed. xiv. reporting token pre-sale accounting standards for cryptocurrencies remain unclear. the international accounting standards board (iasb) will either create new standard change existing standards address accounting for investments intangible assets, including digital currencies. they are known set standards based successful businesses leading the way how account for their investments, for example the case commodity broker-traders. the iasb might take years develop and implement new standard considering all possibilities early might enable crypto pioneer standard and give tokens credibility alternative investment vehicle. october october token pre-sale. token ico october november token ico. public audit ico funds december public auditing firm audit crypto ico and release statement verifying holdings. initial top coin acquisition; on-going marketing and investor relations; first rebalancing procedure december january initial coin holdings acquired; final information sheets and reporting structures released retail investors. first portfolio rebalance performed and monitored. crypto has conducted analysis into the audit and accounts requirements order provide best effort complying with existing legislation. crypto will operate quarterly reporting basis with annual accounts. the quarterly reports will include information governmental risk and legislation, risk/return analysis, portfolio performance and end year predictive market analysis. public launch exchange january token listed for trade exchange. data collection; regular operation financial reports will include the following: january future the data pulled from multiple exchanges order books, volumes etc. will stored. after approximately months operation, this valuable deep dataset will used inform future development; incl. development fund products partner dataprophet. crypto ico participants will have priority acceptance into these very limited cap funds and tokens will transferable into these funds. balance sheet and statement the portfolio's total investment value income statement for the period covered list the porfolio's amounts and values the date the balance sheet was issued statement salaries any other monies paid the directors, advisory board and officers total amounts crypto purchases and sales the information will made available the investor portal the crypto website and crypto's assets will viewable any time with blockchain explorer. xvi. conclusion eferences hybrid market-cap weighted (%) index strategy portfolio consisting the top coins market cap, with rebalancing weekly produces combination that has broad market exposure and acceptable turnover without allowing single asset (and thus single source risk) dominate. siblis research, "s&p total market capitalization," http://siblisresearch.com/data/total-market-cap-sp-/ coin market cap, "total market capitalization," https://coinmarketcap.com/charts/ harbron, "the case for low-cost index-fund investing," https://personal.vanguard.com/pdf/isgidx.pdf soe, "spiva scorecard," http://mkwinc.com/wp-content/uploads///spiva.pdf close. "why you shouldn't invest bitcoin," http://time.com/money//bitcoin-invest/ guercio, reuter, "mutual fund performance and the incentive generate alpha," https://www.bc.edu/jonathan-reuter/research/active .pdf kinnel, "how expense ratios and star ratings predict success," http://news.morningstar.com/articlenet/article.aspx?id= "erc token standard". https://theethereum.wiki/w/index.php/erc token standard investing answers, "forward pricing." http://www.investinganswers.com/financial-dictionary/mutualfundsetfs/forward-pricing- chan, al, "statistical analysis cryptocurrencies," http://www.mdpi.com/-////pdf ftse russel, "ground rules: ftse capped index series," http://www.ftse.com/products/downloads/ftse capped index series.pdf? ledger nano https://www.ledgerwallet.com/products/ledger-nano-s s&p dow jones, "s&p u.s. indices methodology", http://ca.spindices.com/documents/methodologies/methodology-sp-usindices.pdf david blitzer, "inside the s&p http://www.indexologyblog.com////inside-the-sp-selecting-stocks/ vanguard, "vanguard s&p fund holdings," https://personal.vanguard.com/us/fundsallholdings?fundid=&fundintext= int&tablename=equity&tableindex= vanguard, "vanguard s&p etf," https://personal.vanguard.com/us/funds/snapshot?fundintext=int&fundid= investing, "s&p components," https://www.investing.com/indices/us-spx--components yahoo, "yahoo finance," https://finance.yahoo.com/quote/ua, https://finance.yahoo.com/quote/pdco/, https://finance.yahoo.com/quote/an/, https://finance.yahoo.com/quote/mnk/, https://finance.yahoo.com/quote/bbby/, https://finance.yahoo.com/quote/mur/, https://finance.yahoo.com/quote/rig/, https://finance.yahoo.com/quote/jbgs/, https://finance.yahoo.com/quote/cndt/ bloomberg, "can you really game index funds?", https://web.archive.org/web//https://www.bloomberg.com/ view/articles/--/can-you-really-game-index-funds[] coin market cap, "cryptocurrency market capitalizations". https://coinmarketcap.com/historical// bloomberg, "the hugely profitable, wholly legal way game the stock market", https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/--/the-hugelyprofitable-wholly-legal-way-to-game-the-stock-market crypto poised set new standard for cryptocurrency investments. transparent, secure and directly asset linked 'token-as-a-portfolio', crypto aims bring low-fee, broad market exposure crypto investment the mainstream with its innovative single token offering. contact@crypto.com https://www.crypto.com disclaimer liability (vi) any other security class securities. the maximum extent permitted the applicable laws, regulations and rules, neither the company nor the crypto team shall liable for any indirect, special, incidental, consequential other losses any kind, tort, contract otherwise (including but not limited loss revenue, income profits, and loss use data), arising out connection with any acceptance reliance this white paper any part thereof you. (g) you are fully aware and understand that you are not eligible purchase any tokens you are citizen, resident (tax otherwise) green card holder the united states america citizen resident the republic south africa the cayman islands; (h) you have basic degree understanding the operation, functionality, usage, storage, transmission mechanisms and other material characteristics cryptocurrencies, blockchain-based software systems, cryptocurrency wallets other related token storage mechanisms, blockchain technology and smart contract technology; representations and warranties the company does not make purport make, and hereby disclaims, any representation, warranty undertaking any form whatsoever any entity person, including any representation, warranty undertaking relation the truth, accuracy and completeness any the information set out this white paper. (i) you are fully aware and understand that the case where you wish purchase any tokens, there are risks associated with the company and its respective business and operations, the tokens, token sale and the underlying assets (each referred the white paper); representations and warranties you accessing and/or accepting possession any information this white paper such part thereof (as the case may be), you represent and warrant the company follows: (j) you agree and acknowledge that the company any the crypto team not liable for any indirect, special, incidental, consequential other losses any kind, tort, contract otherwise (including but not limited loss revenue, income profits, and loss use data), arising out connection with any acceptance reliance this white paper any part thereof you; and (a) you agree and acknowledge that the tokens not constitute securities any form any jurisdiction; (b) you agree and acknowledge that this white paper does not constitute prospectus offer document any sort and not intended constitute offer securities any jurisdiction solicitation for investment securities and you are not bound enter into any contract binding legal commitment and cryptocurrency other form payment accepted the basis this white paper; (k) all the above representations and warranties are true, complete, accurate and non-misleading from the time your access and/or acceptance possession this white paper such part thereof (as the case may be). (c) you agree and acknowledge that regulatory authority has examined approved the information set out this white paper, action has been will taken under the laws, regulatory requirements rules any jurisdiction and the publication, distribution dissemination this white paper you does not imply that the applicable laws, regulatory requirements rules have been complied with; cautionary statements note forward-looking all statements contained this white paper, statements made press releases any place accessible the public and oral statements that may made the company any the crypto team behalf the company, that are not statements historical fact, constitute forward-looking statements. some these statements can identified forward-looking terms such aim, target, anticipate, believe, could, estimate, expect, if, intend, may, plan, possible, probable, project, should, would, will other similar terms. however, these terms are not the exclusive means identifying forward-looking statements. all statements regarding the companys financial position, business strategies, plans and prospects and the future prospects the industry which the company are forward-looking statements. these forward-looking statements, including but not limited statements the companys revenue and profitability, prospects, future plans, other expected industry trends and other matters discussed this white paper regarding crypto are matters that are not historic facts, but only predictions. (d) you agree and acknowledge that this white paper, the undertaking and/or the completion the token sale, future trading the tokens any cryptocurrency exchange, shall not construed, interpreted deemed you indication the merits the company, the tokens, the token sale and the underlying assets (each referred this white paper); (e) the distribution dissemination this white paper, any part thereof any copy thereof, acceptance the same you, not prohibited restricted the applicable laws, regulations rules your jurisdiction, and where any restrictions relation possession are applicable, you have observed and complied with all such restrictions your own expense and without liability the company; these forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause the actual future results, performance achievements funds, cryptocurrencies, the company materially different from any future results, performance achievements expected, expressed implied such forward-looking statements. these factors include, amongst others: (f) you agree and acknowledge that the case where you wish purchase any tokens, the tokens are not construed, interpreted, classified treated as: (i) any kind currency other than cryptocurrency; (ii) debentures, stocks shares issued any person entity; (a) changes political, social, economic and stock cryptocurrency market conditions, and the regulatory environment the countries which the company conducts its respective businesses and operations; (i) rights, options derivatives respect such debentures, stocks shares; (b) the risk that the company may unable execute implement their respective business strategies and future plans; (ii) rights under contract for differences under any other contract the purpose pretended purpose which secure profit avoid loss; (iii) units collective investment scheme; (c) changes interest rates and exchange rates fiat currencies and cryptocurrencies; (iv) units business trust; (d) changes the anticipated growth strategies and expected internal growth the company; (v) derivatives units business trust; (e) changes the availability and fees payable the company connection with their respective businesses and operations; any independent review the information extracted from third party sources, verified the accuracy completeness such information ascertained the underlying economic assumptions relied upon therein. consequently, neither crypto nor its directors, executive officers and employees acting its behalf makes any representation warranty the accuracy completeness such information and shall not obliged provide any updates the same. (f) changes the availability and salaries employees who are required the company operate their respective businesses and operations; (g) changes preferences customers the company; terms used (h) changes competitive conditions under which the company operate, and the ability the company compete under such conditions; facilitate better understanding the tokens being offered for purchase the company, and the businesses and operations the company, certain technical terms and abbreviations, well as, certain instances, their descriptions, have been used this white paper. these descriptions and assigned meanings should not treated being definitive their meanings and may not correspond standard industry meanings usage. (i) changes the future capital needs the company and the availability financing and capital fund such needs; (j) war acts international domestic terrorism; (k) occurrences catastrophic events, natural disasters and acts god that affect the businesses and/or operations the company; words importing the singular shall, where applicable, include the plural and vice versa and words importing the masculine gender shall, where applicable, include the feminine and neuter genders and vice versa. references persons shall include corporations. (l) other factors beyond the control the company; and (m) any risk and uncertainties associated with the company and its business and operations, the tokens, the token sale and the underlying assets (each referred the white paper). advice information this white paper should considered business, legal, financial tax advice regarding the company, the tokens and token sale and the underlying assets (each referred the white paper). you should consult your own legal, financial, tax other professional adviser regarding the company and its business and operations, the tokens, the token sale and the underlying assets (each referred the white paper). you should aware that you may required bear the financial risk any purchase crypto tokens for indefinite period time. all forward-looking statements made attributable the company and the crypto team other persons acting behalf the company are expressly qualified their entirety such factors. given that risks and uncertainties that may cause the actual future results, performance achievements the company materially different from that expected, expressed implied the forward-looking statements this white paper, undue reliance must not placed these statements. these forward-looking statements are applicable only the date this white paper. further information update neither the company nor any other person represents, warrants and/or undertakes that the actual future results, performance achievements the company will discussed those forward-looking statements. the actual results, performance achievements crypto may differ materially from those anticipated these forward-looking statements. person has been authorised give any information representation not contained this white paper connection with the company and its business and operations, the tokens, the token sale and the underlying assets (each referred the white paper) and, given, such information representation must not relied upon having been authorised behalf the company. token sale (as referred the white paper) shall not, under any circumstances, constitute continuing representation create any suggestion implication that there has been change, development reasonably likely involve material change the affairs, conditions and prospects any statement fact information contained this white paper since the date hereof. nothing contained this white paper may relied upon promise, representation undertaking the future performance policies the company. further, the company disclaims any responsibility update any those forward-looking statements publicly announce any revisions those forward-looking statements reflect future developments, events circumstances, even new information becomes available other events occur the future. restrictions distribution and dissemination market and industry information and consent other persons: this white paper the distribution dissemination this white paper any part thereof may prohibited restricted the laws, regulatory requirements and rules any jurisdiction. the case where any restriction applies, you are inform yourself about, and observe, any restrictions which are applicable your possession this white paper such part thereof (as the case may be) your own expense and without liability the company any member the crypto team. includes market and industry information and forecasts that have been obtained from internal surveys, reports and studies, where appropriate, well market research, publicly available information and industry publications. such surveys, reports, studies, market research, publicly available information and publications generally state that the information that they contain has been obtained from sources believed reliable, but there can assurance the accuracy completeness such included information. persons whom copy this white paper has been distributed disseminated, provided access who otherwise have the white paper their possession shall not circulate any other persons, reproduce otherwise distribute this white paper any information contained herein for any purpose whatsoever nor permit cause the same occur. save for the company and its respective directors, executive officers and employees, person has provided his her consent the inclusion his her name and/or other information attributed perceived attributed such person connection therewith this white paper and representation, warranty undertaking purported provided the accuracy completeness such information such person and such persons shall not obliged provide any updates the same. offer securities registration this white paper does not constitute prospectus offer document any sort and not intended constitute offer securities solicitation for investment securities any jurisdiction. person bound enter into any contract binding legal commitment and neither the company nor any the crypto team has conducted cryptocurrency other form payment accepted the basis this white paper. any agreement relation any sale and purchase tokens (as referred this white paper) governed only the t&cs such agreement and other document. the event any inconsistencies between the t&cs and this white paper, the former shall prevail. regulatory authority has examined approved any the information set out this white paper. such action has been will taken under the laws, regulatory requirements rules any jurisdiction. the publication, distribution dissemination this white paper does not imply that the applicable laws, regulatory requirements rules have been complied with. risks and uncertainties prospective purchasers tokens (as referred this white paper) should carefully consider and evaluate all risks and uncertainties associated with the company and its business and operations, the tokens, the token sale and the underlying assets (each referred the white paper), all information set out this white paper and the t&cs prior any purchase tokens. any such risks and uncertainties develops into actual events, the business, financial condition, results operations and prospects the company could materially and adversely affected. such cases, you may lose all part the value the tokens.