white paper january cryptoping white paper, january contents abstract problem solution project future token and subscription contacts cryptoping white paper, january abstract cryptocurrency markets are vibrant and eventful nowadays that it's hard keep track what's going with every single coin. crypto traders pour large amounts effort and time into interpreting charts different ways, reading forums and twitter feeds and gathering information about coins from other sources attempts predict market trends and make profitable trades. crypto markets are volatile, making the task even harder. shilling and other forms disinformation (like spreading fud fear, uncertainty, disorder), even just false promises from coin developers quite often stop traders their quest for profit. cryptoping white paper, january problem sharp surge new crypto traders boosting trading volumes and rates almost every alternative cryptocurrency (altcoins) and bitcoin itself. that also makes prices some altcoins more volatile than before, while constantly growing bitcoin price keeps increasing traders' stress levels. bitcoin losing its share total crypto market capitalization despite its increasing value. market capitalizations some altcoins has already exceeded hundreds millions dollars, and that's only the beginning. it's impossible factor all the trends, events and subtleties that shape markets. making good trade can difficult even for experienced traders, let alone newcomers. new traders don't recognize market trends and can't make good trading decisions. for people who just have started trade cryptocurrencies, the "what buy" problem important now more than ever. cryptoping white paper, january solution cryptoping offers solution assistant bot that can hint that market situation changes and might good time buy certain crypto asset. bot employs market watching and analysis algorithms that are already tested and verified practice. users can easily sign and activate the bot and start get signals from exchanges right away. being experienced new trader, user gets any advantage over other bot users, because all users receive all signals the time. it's traders weigh the market signals' context and make all trading decisions themselves. cover most the devices and platforms and deliver signals time we've decided use messengers. everyone uses them anyway, the solution signal delivery platform already there: the bot looks users just like another chat contact. the bot has all necessary commands manage notifications, and the interface friendly enough even for people who have prior experience with bots trading. bot signals look simple yet have just right amount information, despite complex inner works the service itself. users receive signal messages that include: coin ticker; link exchange that produced the signal; trading volume difference for the last hour; change the coin rate btc; amount signals the coin for the last days; coin market capitalization value usd. this information proved sufficient decide glance whether look into signaled coin. all further analysis has performed traders and the result will depend their experience, interests and goals. additionally we're building platform for social trading, that will useful both new and experienced traders. pro traders will able publish their trading results signals daily, and new traders will able follow pros and copy their trades for small subscription fee. cryptoping white paper, january project project core has several parts that are responsible for: market data being assembled individually coin; situation and trend analysis coin; looking for similar coin behavior the past; making decisions signal initiation; generating signals and tracking their results; sending signals users; analyzing signal quality and providing feedback for decision-making system. the telegram bot separate part the project, integrated with the core. slack and discord bot are available. being able switch between signal delivery platforms equally important for users and us, the team, because recent messenger bans governments different countries raise all kinds concerns. have plans release standalone application that will receive bot signals much like messenger apps. the application will integrated with the system core more closely, allowing develop automatic trading functionality that will lot less vulnerable hacking than existing server-based trading apps. cryptoping white paper, january future early bot adopters have already discovered the quality and utility bot signals. there are about one thousand altcoins out there, nobody can track everything, and the bot works just right: there are numerous cases when sent signals right before coin pump even long before that. the moment cryptoping just bot that helps with tracking price movements and coin pumps several exchanges. want evolve into platform where every beginner crypto markets can get necessary information and community support, and start trading quickly. when say "support" mean online tutorials, following experienced traders that secure from most risky trades, and market situation coverage that actually point. also have plans develop auto-trading app that will released only after system algorithms are meticulously re-tested and optimized. want auto-trading work fireand-forget mode, and are looking forward delivering steady profits our users. are concerned that users without deep enough technical knowledge provide third-party trading services with api keys from their accounts exchanges. when third-party services get hacked, the perpetrators gain access users' api keys and start trading their benefit using accounts others, while regular users just lose assets. will not store any keys cryptoping servers, thus accessing them hacking our systems will impossible. all api keys will stored users' devices only and won't transmitted cryptoping services all. cryptoping white paper, january token and subscription name cryptoping ticker ping initial supply platform waves have chosen waves platform for reason. lot cryptoping users are either new crypto markets trading general, and want our token work simple platform that easy understand and use, while waves are very welcoming towards new people crypto community. believe that it's more important grow the community than race technologies and win blockchain coolness competitions. subscriptions will paid ping tokens. will burn subscription fees during months after subscription introduced, and fees for year after that. cryptoping white paper, january contacts website http://cryptoping.tech twitter @cryptoping e-mail admin@cryptoping.tech