cryptocarbon (ccrb): new type cryptocurrency whitepaper october contact information: cryptocarbon global ltd info@cryptocarbon.co.uk table contents abstract introduction cryptocarbon (ccrb) specifications security ecosystem and community conclusion abstract summary cryptocarbon (ccrb) cryptocurrency based the ethereum blockchain which belongs class bitcoin (token). ccrb the rst cryptocurrency which backed cashback platform, and the company behind ccrb have developed platform where ccrb the method payment. this paper will explore how ccrb will function alternative cryptocurrency, the products and services associated with ccrb, the asset details, and how ccrb will result better outcomes for its participants. introduction the company what ccrb? ccrb the rst consumer-oriented cryptocurrency launched the u.k. cryptocarbon global ltd, london-based service company. ccrb works just like bitcoin, but removes mining for pro ccrb premined and the cryptocurrency closely linked cash-back and loyalty platforms. based the bitcoin protocol, ccrb will virtually eliminate mining for pro the aspect cryptocurrencies responsible for harming the environment, through wastage electricity. the coins are stored computers and transferred over the internet between digital "wallets". ccrb can earned/mined cash-back, loyalty rewards, referral commissions, and many more activity-based rewards. new type cryptocurrency due our commitment the creation large number services that will served ccrb, the team con dent that the actual capitalisation the entire system will much larger. thus, those people who share our con dence the success the project, effectively become part our team co-founders, due the ccrb accumulation his/her personal account. this achieved through carrying different activities inside the interconnected platforms. these platforms will include cash-back shopping, liate marketing, and many more which will added using the users social connections. cryptocurrency what cryptocurrency? cryptocurrencies are digital systems (protocols) for exchanging value between participants decentralised computer network. bitcoin (btc) the most famous and widely-adopted cryptocurrency. most cryptocurrencies use hard-to-solve cryptographic puzzles called "proof work" secure the operation the network. the process verifying the cryptographic solutions commonly referred "mining". bitcoin introduced "reward"system, where the miner who solves block awarded small amount the cryptocurrency. this reward compensates the miner for contributing their hardware and electricity the mining network. the solution block vital operation allow distributed consensus and add the block the blockchain. technology-rooted movements like bitcoin have demonstrated, through the power the default, consensus mechanisms, and voluntary respect the social contract, that possible use the internet make decentralised valuetransfer system, shared across the world and virtually free use. this system can said very specialised version cryptographically secure, transactionbased state machine. ethereum: ethereum project which attempts build the generalised technology; technology which all transaction based state-machine concepts may built. moreover, aims provide the end developer, tightly integrated end-to-end system for building software hitherto unexplored compute paradigm the mainstream: trustful object messaging compute framework. ethereum has blockchain which contains: asset tokens (eth etc depending which ethereum!) multitude 'user generated' tokens that are created and managed through smart contracts hashes stored smart contracts what the difference between cryptocurrency and ccrb? cryptocurrencies like bitcoin are based technology called mining, where ccrb new type cryptocurrency (tokens), built the basis ethereum technology. this suggests creating nancial value without any nancial investments. offers maximum convenience, maximum security, and involves bureaucracy. anyone can review the contract the currency via link. the enterprise partner group microsoft the front line, with some the largest ethereum technology customers. why ethereum? our choice ethereum base protocol was dictated the following: out all blockchains, has the biggest and the most active developer community. therefore, something goes wrong with the consensus protocol, has the highest chances fast recovery. it's being endorsed some the world's largest nancial software vendors, including ibm, microsoft, and deloitte. the only production-ready blockchain that supports smart contracts. turingcomplete programming languages bring the next level freedom with regards features and security models that can implement. ethereum virtual machine (evm), the virtual machine that executes smart contracts, independent ethereum public blockchain. all smart contract software that develop built using solidity and evm, which can decoupled from the ethereum public network and plugged into any other consensus mechanism. it's merge tindermint, evm and public blockchain. successful, will able execute smart contract transactions per second public blockchain. transaction con rmation time addressed the ethereum network switch pos during proof-of-cooperation (poc) what poc poc consensus algorithm which required the network cryptocurrency. every node such network must obey the same set rules maintain the networks integrity. all connected clients have the same data available verify the state the network. the case ccrb, limited number trusted nodes (cvns) collaborate create the ccrb block chain. they this completing the following tasks: examining the past blocks they determine what cvn should create the next block and publish their conclusion the network. they verify the validity and integrity the last block, its transactions, and was indeed the respective cvns turn. the resulting information from points and are digitally signed and sent all other nodes. these signatures are collected the cvn that creates the next block. they are the actual consensus proof, and thus the proof cooperation all the cvns. this bundle signatures stored the blockchain together with the new block, which only valid contains enough signatures according the algorithm. when the new block completely built signed the creating cvn and sent the network. benefits traditional server architectures, every application has set its own servers that run their own code isolated silos, making sharing data hard. single app compromised goes ine, many users and other apps are affected. blockchain, anyone can set node that replicates the necessary data for all nodes reach agreement and compensated users and app developers. this allows user data remain private and apps decentralised like the internet was supposed work. cryptocarbon (ccrb) specifications wallets web: https://cryptocarbon.co.uk/ android: development ios: pending review app store full node: ethereum mist with eip address from the above protocol ccrb issued using etoken protocol, which set ethereum smart contracts. documentation: https://github.com/ambisafe/et... use eth network (the forked one). specifications primary project website: https://cryptocarbon.co.uk supply: adjustable currency administrator can issue and redeem tokens exchange cash deposits and withdrawals. symbol: ccrb icap symbol: bcc decimal places: transaction fees ccrb: value, for now. transaction fees eth: refunding sender eipcompatible contract address: xecdfaefadfafece security the ccrb wallet uses state-of-the-art wallet technology power ethereum smart contracts. here are some the highlights it: security features are implemented the very fundamental level possible inside ethereum smart contracts. independent security oracle services are used authorise transactions inside the network. the ccrb wallet service never has access customer account keys and can't move money adjust balance without customer consent all encryption done the client-side, following best industry practices. ecosystem and community products and services our team has developed marketplace with portfolio products and services targeting global markets for which ccrb will used token the participating retailers other businesses. the rst integration was with uk-based cash-back provider, offering access cash-backs, savings, and discounts from leading retailers which already covers over outlets uk. this partner company also provides access travel, utility, insurance and other price comparison platforms. this platform also allows customers earn ccrb for free, based shopping and other online activities. any user may get ccrb for referrals and marketing, well other social activity through the companies own social media platform, well their own platforms. the amount ccrb user will receive will strictly correspond the amount shopping promotional activity the user will perform. this innovative and ground-breaking new concept earning cryptocurrency through shopping giant leap towards introducing cryptocurrency larger crowd, changing their shopping habits and online activities into mining described the crypto-world earn cryptocurrency. the ccrb units can transferred between users, converted into btc/ at, spent for premium features and services which intend offer from time time. the partner company has also developed platform where users can advertise and sell goods and services return for ccrb. social network: the next product developed ccrb social network with fully-functional applications store, where only cryptocurrency used. asset details the total supply ccrb and its rate issuance was decided the products and services that are available supplied return. the results are roughly: million ccrb currently created and will issued users proof work. million the total market cap) created, and most will going early contributors and active users. ccrb only available proof-of-work, which means the activities mentioned above, and introduced from time time. premised proof-of-work model unlike many cryptocurrencies improved proof-of-work model rather than mining model, and greener coin with lesser carbon foot-prints. the ccrb supply nite? no. the issuance ccrb capped the market cap. this means that while the absolute issuance xed, the relative ation decreased every year. theory, this issuance was kept inde nitely, then some point the rate new tokens created every year would reach the average amount lost yearly (by misuse, accidental key lost, death holders etc), and equilibrium would reached. distribution model have the ambitious goal achieve billion users our ecosystem providing unique products and services. the team highly committed and expect accept ccrb return for its selected products and services which will offer from time time and will payout ccrb according the proof-of-work model explained above. conclusion far have implemented important innovations ccrb, but won't stop there. have analysed the requirements for currency for fair economy, and have identi important features that will implemented the near future.