curriculum vitae always with you cvh the reason why curriculum vitae was developed the first step that the employers will take make selection from piles resumes especially when multinational enterprise conducts job interview, thousands hundreds resumes will piled the office desk, which makes difficult for personnel department carefully select the most suitable person for the job and make wrong judgments easily, resulting invisible loss the enterprise. what's worse, someone, usually the job-hopper who switch jobs very frequently and those who have criminal records, who wants get the job tampering their resumes. personnel department made wrong decisions let these people in, they will great harm the company the future. distributed ledger technology, blockchain can guarantee the authenticity, queryability, tamper-resistance and non-forgery resumes due its public query-ability, tamper-resistance and non-forgery. blockchain will redefine recruitment industry for its simple and perfect design the future. blockchain and recruitment industry can cooperate well because blockchain and recruitment industry correspond each other with high degree many ways. curriculum vitae that depends its authenticity will develop fast, play important role the whole recruitment industry and eventually topple the whole traditional recruitment industry. recruitment marketplace the prospect recruitment industry: this industry long life green sector. just like eating and marriage, almost everyone need job after their graduation therefore marketplace that can exist forever. certainly, the need for recruitment industry will grow steadily and the key now the pattern competition. popular recruitment platforms china now are embarking program reform their ways and trying apply new patterns their platforms. therefore, there huge demand recruitment industry this period. recruitment platforms have their possibilities get their shares huge market, which increasingly requires personalized recruitment services. the problem resource: far, the most important core resource resume. however, there mature sns china like linkedin facebook america. there nothing that can replace resume core resource. core issue: the talented person websites are working notably precise matching enterprises, jobs and persons, which are very difficult informatization. with rapid development the application internet, the internet has already rooted itself deep into people's everyday life. undoubtedly, online recruitment will remain its mainstream position recruitment industry with the fast development the internet the future. subdivision recruitment market will the main direction the future. with the development increasingly doubled its market share, has continually face the traditional disadvantages which need solved once but unfortunately failed. subdivision recruitment market can perfectly solve the problem that how allow the applicants find more targeted information for themselves and what means can the enterprises find out the talented they want more precisely according their characteristics different industries. innovation the only way out. the experience success due innovation can applied all industries, course, including online recruitment industry. because lack innovation online recruitment industry that many giants recruitment industry collapsed. the patterns online recruitment desperately need innovation and achieve breakthrough. the innovation not only simply focus the product and technology but also profit pattern. iii the bottleneck recruitment industry lack confidentiality resumes anyone can download the resumes, which can easily lead personal information disclosure. too many forged resumes can lead misjudgment employers, resulting potential harm the employers. the employers have spend lots time and money the preparation recruitment. the applicants have spend lots time finding jobs. the solution achieve the goal the authenticity, query-ability, tamper-resistance and unforged applicants' resumes. achieve the goal the authenticity, query-ability, tamper-resistance and unforged employers' information. achieve the goal the symmetry the application and recruitment information, which allows the employers hire the best applicants the shortest time. achieve the goal the symmetry the application and recruitment information, which allows the applicants find the most suitable jobs the shortest time. the system curriculum vitae, will not only platform for recruitment but intellectualized system, which can solve all the difficult problems that employers and applicants are facing now. why ethereum? ethereum the concept was put forward vitalik buterin, intelligent boy between and with the purpose developing decentralized and next generation cryptocurrency application platform. began develop ico the whole ethereum system made open source code, whose core public blockchain platform based its unique cryptocurrency, eth. ethereum provides its virtual machine for decentralization, which allows third-party developer impel smart contract based ethereum conveniently. ethereum virtual machine allows the thirdparty developer reuse the core system blockchain, defined ethereum, fast and conveniently and focus itself the application blockchain. result this, and application distributed applications increasingly find favor more and more individuals', teams' and companies' eyes, which makes the ecosystem ethereum, like all flowers boom, prosper with different apps developed. compared with most other blockchain technology, ethereum has the following characteristics: smart contract: the contracted program, developed the third-party developers, can stored the node ethereum and run every node. when runs program specific node, the executor program must pay the miners the owners the located node. uncle block: uncles are orphaned blocks that contribute the security the main chain, but are not considered the canonical "truth" for that particular chain height. due advances blockchain research, was shown that significantly lower block times were possible and perhaps beneficial given the current connectivity the internet. one the potential risks low block time higher rate orphaned blocks (competing mined blocks that not make into the main chain). counter this, ghost protocol used which pays for these valid blocks, adding the security the main chain. instead the main chain being "longest", instead "heaviest". proof-of-stake: the improvement proof work, which can save massive computing resources when conducting mining activity and avoid the centralization internet caused asic. the system curriculum vitae the structure system according the bottleneck and disadvantages above-mentioned, developed our own blockchain system, curriculum vitae, which based ethereum and combines with the advantages blockchain. curriculum vitae made three parts, namely, cvh coin, which circulates curriculum vitae system and based erc contract, the recruitment platform system curriculum vitae and points exchange system recruitment platform system cvh coin point exchange system cvh coin cvh coin, which developed the basis erc, can easily listed every important cryptocurrency exchange platforms around the world. cvh coin will the token that circulates curriculum vitae system, order perfect the circulation capital for the automatic generation resumes and recruitment platform. with the development and perfect curriculum vitae, its ecosystem will increasingly abundant therefore cvh coin, the original cvh system token, will more and more useful. the employer cvh platform cvh will appreciate with the recharge point recharge cvh global cryptocurrenc exchange platform view the circulation cvh recruitment platform curriculum vitae very convenient for the delivery and the recruitment establish recruitment platform. all information remains confidential unless the permission the owner cv. all employers' information will identified carefully our staffs guarantee the authenticity employers' information. point exchange system the purpose building point exchange system recruitment platform the embodiment cvh coin's value and its circulation the platform value chain can constructed. vii the profit patten viii partnership curriculum vitae staffing the core team curriculum vitae made partners who are consistent with one goal, group high-efficient organizers, built blockchain smart contract. the members partnership, based the consensus the application blockchain curriculum vitae the future, have consistent recognition the operation and development concept towards the company. main task the partners curriculum vitae are the founders, the executors and guarantors cvh coin's smart contract. built the basis blockchain, the smart contract was designed foresee the operation the future and the achievements that can shared coparticipants. the members partnership will provide effective and strategical guidance and guarantee that cvh coin has sufficient practicability and prospectiveness. the partners, the administration the company, are responsible for the current and future interest those holders who invest cvh coin and guarantee healthy operation the system cvh coin. will provide outstanding for our customers and investors. our goal provide open, fair and transparent government way. the character partnership the partnership curriculum vitae, built openness, effective supervision and transparence, innovative management. when the partnership was designed, the essence blockchain has already been applied the operation the company and toppled traditional thinking management and operation. the solution partnership combines directly with smart contract. will convert traditional legal contracts, written the text, into blockchain language and put end the non-execution legal contracts. one-click voting chain makes partnership system equitable, transparent and natural smart execution order, instead empty resolution. there are decisionmaking and supervision such area strategic instruction, risk management supervision, executive levels succession and other basic missions. partnership system also the maintainer that keeps the token smart system working normally. find out problems, expose problems, review flaws and optimize mechanism, partnership system fulfills the supervision responsibility though risk-foresight and mechanismimprovement. future, through blockchain, the corporation will authorize the combat power the front form smart agreement, represent all the token owners comprehensively supervise the spot, manage the resume chains multi platforms, publish the breaking and unique information, lend ear the participants and take actions accordingly continuously optimize management, take good advantage the social media and address the transparence, communicate frankly facilitate effectively the operation it, take effective publishing controls and programs guarantee reliable public reports. the issuance and supply cvh coin total cvh coin issuance .billion. early investors: cvh coin for early investors. founding team: cvh coin for core developers and founding team. strategic partners: cvh coin for strategic partners. cvh platform: cvh coin for the circulation the platform. reserved fund for development: cvh coin for development. international ico: cvh coin for ico. curriculum vitae global cryptocurrency exchange platform recruitment platform roadmap introduction team technical director: andrew university avignon master computer science senior software engineer technical adviser: sun postdoctor information security the expert the application blockchain marketing adviser:jerry stokes freeze strategic marketing consultant. marketing adviser:heinrich sebastian former careerbuilder digital marketing recruitment specialist. adviser:peter lee former marketing specialist apac jobbank and skilled blockchain investor. adviser:wei lau cutting-edge blockchain marketing expert and experienced blockchain investor,who determinds blockchain promoter china disclaimer the token economy relatively new and incredibly innovative. tokens could impacted regulatory actions, including restrictions ownership, use, possession. there guarantee expectation that cvh tokens purchased will increase value, provide return, will have sufficient adoption and liquidity enable exchange for other assets. owning cvh tokens does not constitute share of, equity of, ownership the curriculum vitae platform. this document does not constitute prospectus any sort, and not initial public offering share/equity offering. the tokens involved with curriculum vitae not any way involve any form ordinary shares curriculum vitae, and dividends are guaranteed cvh tokens. fiat currency not accepted the cvh coin crowdsale. ethereum experimental technology and all possible future risks cannot enumerated here. cvh coin not responsible for any losses that may occur. please exercise caution with all cryptographic assets and not invest money that you cannot afford lose.