the cybermiles dpos protocol disclaimer this article contains forward-looking statements that are based the beliefs cybermiles foundation limited ("cybermiles"), company limited guarantee incorporated hong kong, well certain assumptions made and information available cybermiles. representation warranty given the achievement reasonableness any plans, future projections prospects. and when the cybermiles platform completed, may differ significantly from the one set out this document. furthermore, representations warranties are made the accuracy completeness the information, statements, opinions other matters described this document otherwise communicated. nothing this document should relied upon promise representation the future investment advice. the fullest extent permitted under applicable law, all liability for any loss damage whatsoever (whether foreseeable not) arising from connection with any person acting this document, any aspect it, notwithstanding any negligence, default lack care, disclaimed. the extent liability may restricted but not fully disclaimed, restricted the maximum extent permitted applicable law. the views and opinions expressed this paper are those the cybermiles only. they are not advice, nor offer solicitation any kind, nor may they relied upon for any purpose. cmt and the cybermiles platform are not intended constitute securities any other regulated products any jurisdiction. please obtain any necessary professional advice. the cybermiles dpos protocol copyright (c) cybermiles foundation all rights reserved. what the mission cybermiles? cybermiles aims build smart contract platform that similar ethereum but heavily optimized facilitate e-commerce transactions. our blockchain enables people construct and execute business contracts enforced computer code. our goal build e-commerce ecosystem that native the network era: rent-seeking centralized monopoly; more fair allocation network rewards; and stronger network effects through economic incentives. the result will new generation e-commerce network that more affordable buyers (both merchandise prices and financing options) and more revenue streams for the sellers (such monetizing data, supply chain financing, and consumer loans). the cybermiles dpos protocol copyright (c) cybermiles foundation all rights reserved. ii. what pos? when satoshi nakamoto invented the bitcoin, key insight was economic system that more profitable join the network than attack it. the bitcoin system, the barrier attack the system called proof-of-work, pow, consensus. however, over the years, has also become apparent that the pow consensus too slow and wastes too much energy. solve pow's problems, new consensus mechanism called proof-of-stake, pos, was proposed. pos system allows vote for each new block the network's token holders. the proposer new block randomly chosen. each account's voting power proportional the tokens held it. the idea that token holders, especially large token holders, are incentivized vote ensure the network's security. with voting, the blockchain can validate blocks with minimal amount computation. the proposer accepted new block receives award the blockchain's cryptocurrency. this process called "minting" new cryptocurrency opposed pow's "mining". pos system typically much more performant than pow system. however, traditional pos system also suffers from two significant problems: the first problem still performance. all token holders can run blockchain node propose and vote blocks, but most token holders have expertise budget run computer hardware and software required for high-performance node. therefore, blockchain the cybermiles dpos protocol copyright (c) cybermiles foundation all rights reserved. network slow its slowest node. the second problem the "nothing stake" problem, where token holder can cheat simultaneously voting two competing proposed blocks. the cybermiles dpos protocol copyright (c) cybermiles foundation all rights reserved. iii. what dpos? delegated proof-of-stake (dpos) improvement the pos mechanism. similar representative democracy with land suffrage human society. dpos, the token holders vote for small number representatives (we call those elected representatives "validators" throughout this article) represent all token holders run network operations. the validators run super nodes, which are professionally run network servers ensure the performance and security the blockchain network. this solves pos's performance problem. the votes are casted the form staking one's tokens. the staked tokens are locked the network collaterals and can slashed when the validators misbehave. the staked tokens are never transferred the validators who they voted for. they are simply used proof voting power and incentive for the token holders choose responsible and capable validators maintain the blockchain. the potential punishment solves the "nothing stake" problem. cybermiles, believe dpos the future high performance and secure blockchain consensus. the cybermiles dpos protocol copyright (c) cybermiles foundation all rights reserved. iv. how cybermiles dpos works delegated proof stake crucial economic mechanism the cybermiles blockchain network reward token holders who help maintain the security and integrity the network protocols. there are two roles the cybermiles dpos protocol: delegators and validators. delegators and validators cmt holders who choose delegators lock up, stake, their cmts participate the blockchain network's governance through voting mechanism. the staked cmts are held the network and cannot traded transferred because they can slashed when governance errors occur. exchange, the delegators receive cmts minted through systematic inflation and transaction fees every new block created the network. these cmts are called block award. the delegators themselves typically cannot will not run the computer servers that actually power the blockchain network. instead, delegators hire, elect, other cmt holders, validators, for this task staking their cmts specific validator candidates. validators are responsible for maintaining crucial network infrastructure, and making rule changes and governance decisions behalf its delegators. since there are only validators the cybermiles system, validators must compete for delegators' votes (staked cmts) order hired providing secure servers running up-to-date the cybermiles dpos protocol copyright (c) cybermiles foundation all rights reserved. software, sufficient computing power and network bandwidth power the global blockchain network. delegators pay validators with portion their block awards. each validator's share the block award called the validator's compensation. validator must declare default compensation rate the time candidacy declaration. the default serves the maximum compensation rate all delegators must pay this validator. however, once delegator stakes the validator, the validator has the option voluntarily reduce her compensation rate for this delegator. this allows the validator recognize delegators who make significant contributions the community. validator misbehaves and tries harm the network, the network might slash its staked cmts causing loss for its delegators. so, the delegators are incentivized only stake for reputable and trustworthy validators, therefore improving the security the whole network. the cybermiles protocol, validator's stake must come from this validator's own cmt holding. this ensures that each validator has skin the game because its own cmts are also risk for being slashed. hence, validator always also delegator for itself. besides the validators, the cybermiles blockchain has backup validators case the cybermiles dpos protocol copyright (c) cybermiles foundation all rights reserved. validator resigns, hacked, otherwise drops off after being slashed. the backup validators are also paid delegators who elected them. the concepts validator's compensation and self-staking both apply here. the cybermiles dpos protocol divides the total block award pool into two parts: validators and their delegators collectively receive the total block awards; and backup validators and their delegators collectively receive the delegators will find the equilibrium point terms staked cmt distributions between validators and backup validators. expect the combined staking amount for backup validators will somewhat higher than the total staking amount, resulting less income per staked cmt for backup validators and their delegators. that because the backup validators take less risk slashing. the following table shows the responsibilities, risks and rewards for validators and delegators participate the network governance through the dpos mechanism. the cybermiles dpos protocol copyright (c) cybermiles foundation all rights reserved. rewards responsibilities and risks have give trading for staked receive block awards for the cmts. small risk being slashed cmts stakes the network. its staked validator misbehaves delegator (up stake). receive validator's compensation have give trading for selffrom delegators' block awards and staked cmts. responsible for block awards from self-staked validator sophisticated system operations cmts, validating blocks. with risks hacking and being participate network slashed. governance. receive validator's compensation responsible for sophisticated backup from delegators' block awards and system operations backup for validator block awards from self-staked validators. cmts. the cybermiles dpos protocol copyright (c) cybermiles foundation all rights reserved. voting power the block award distributed the delegators and then validators based voting power. each stake from delegator has certain amount voting power. each validator's voting power the sum all its current stake's voting power, and the entire system's voting power the sum all validators' voting power. definitions set sij the amount cmts staked validator delegator there are delegators for validator including the validator itself. vij the adjusted amount cmts staked validator delegator the current voting power for delegator validator expressed vij general, the voting power grows with the staked amount cmts the current time. the total amount cmts staked all validators. can also expressed sij the cybermiles protocol disincentivizes any validator from growing too big. single validator's stake grows above total stake the network, this validator could cause instability the network. so, the network protocol adjusts sij downward for this validator. this threshold incentivizes large cmt holders diversify and stake multiple validators, and incentives validators limit their max accepted stake. vij min /sij, sij the cybermiles dpos protocol copyright (c) cybermiles foundation all rights reserved. nj( sij/s block award shares the block award share for any delegator and validator depends the current total voting power, award pools reserved for regular and backup validators, and the validator's compensation rate for each its delegators. the next set equations specify the portion block awards distributed delegators and validators. definitions set cij the validator's compensation rate for delegator validator had mentioned, the validator can adjust compensation rate for individual delegators its stake pool. (i) the portion the block award pool reserved for validator i's type. for example, for validators, and for backup validators. each block, the portion block award each validator and delegator gets are follows. block award share for validator nj(ivij cijj vij block award share for delegator validator (i) vij cij (i) vij the source the block awards combination the systemic inflation determined the validators (up per year) and the gas fees collected from transactions the the cybermiles dpos protocol copyright (c) cybermiles foundation all rights reserved. block. our implementation, might choose compute and distribute aggregated block awards every hour even every day. the cybermiles dpos protocol copyright (c) cybermiles foundation all rights reserved. corollary the formula compute voting power leads important corollary the potential compensations for validators and delegators. corollary: the more stakes validator can attract outside her self-stake, the more compensation the validator can receive. based the engineering design the staking mechanism, the validator can encourage and incentivize certain delegator behaviors changing individual delegator's validator compensation rate. the cybermiles dpos protocol copyright (c) cybermiles foundation all rights reserved. examples validator and delegator compensation the detailed computation validator and delegator compensation complicated and depends many external factors such the staking behavior others. this section, however, will look into simplified scenarios illustrate potential rois. our assumptions include the following. the system has reached equilibrium. there new stake growth for all validators. each validator has the same numbers delegators. all delegator and validator pairs have the same validator compensation rate. the transaction fees are negligible transactions. definitions set total(t) the total number cmts time total() the current total number cmts. the system inflation rate, per year. the validator compensation rate across the system. ssr the self-staking ratio the validator. (i) the percentage staked cmts that are staked for validator i's type. needed the block awards are only distributed staked cmts. the cybermiles dpos protocol copyright (c) cybermiles foundation all rights reserved. the following formula compute the annual incomes for validators and delegators respectively, for each cmt staked from one's own account. validator income/cmt total() (i) s() ssr (i) delegator income/cmt total() (i) s() (i) the following table shows how apply the above formula compute the block award for delegators, and validator's compensation, different scenarios. the validator and delegator incomes listed the table are per staked cmts per year. for simplicity, the table assumes meaning the backup validators receive the total staked cmts, making their income identical regular validators. the cybermiles dpos protocol copyright (c) cybermiles foundation all rights reserved. validator's compensation percentage block awards (c) stake ratio validator's self- validator delegator validator delegator (total/s) staking ratio (ssr) (cmt) (cmt) (cmt) (cmt) the cybermiles dpos protocol copyright (c) cybermiles foundation all rights reserved. note: the "stake ratio" column the percentage total cmt supply that staked for dpos. for example, initially there were total supply billion cmts, means overall cmts are staked their holders participate the dpos mechanism. are assuming system wide inflation rate per year, which the source block award. validator income validator compensation block award from self-staked cmts delegator income block award from staked cmts validator compensation the validator does not stake more than the "total cmts staked". the income drops for the validator exceeds that threshold. see for why this threshold exists. incomes for both validators and delegators when fewer people stake their cmts, the inflation divided amongst fewer parties. the validator's per-staked-cmt income goes when stakes less its own tokens and gets compensation from other delegators' stakes. however, discussed, each validator must self-stake least its total stake. next, let's compute incomes when validators receive risk premium over backup validators. the following table, assume that the validator's compensation (c) and the total staked cmts are staked backup validators (rs). recall that backup validators and their delegators collectively receive the total block awards (rr). the the cybermiles dpos protocol copyright (c) cybermiles foundation all rights reserved. staking ratio means that each cmt staked backup validators will generate less income than each cmt staked regular validators. delegators that because the backup validators have less risk slashing. validator's selfstake ratio validator backup validator delegator (cmt) (cmt) delegator staking ratio (total/s) backup (cmt) (cmt) (ssr) the cybermiles dpos protocol copyright (c) cybermiles foundation all rights reserved. ongoing validator election once the network and running, validators can voted and out real time. all times, the top validator candidates that have the most "voting power" (as measured staked cmts) are "hired" validators the delegators. validator candidates ranked between and are elected backup validators. declaration candidacy validator candidate declares its candidacy the network. will give out pieces information the declaration: details its operation and credentials, including jurisdiction, data center location, security setup, and technical setup. the cybermiles foundation will evaluate all validator candidates, and publicly indicate the candidates that meet the foundation's standards (i.e., information accuracy, technical competency, and hardware network setup). however, the token holders are free stake for any candidate regardless whether meets the foundation standard not. the maximum amount cmts willing accept stakes. order prevent any single validator from growing too big and therefore risking monopoly, the network protocol punishes very large validators and their delegators. (see the "b. block award and validator's compensation" section for details) the cybermiles dpos protocol copyright (c) cybermiles foundation all rights reserved. the validator's compensation rate requires from delegators. for example, rate means that the block awards earned delegators who staked this validator, will paid this validator compensation. the cybermiles dpos protocol copyright (c) cybermiles foundation all rights reserved. acceptance candidacy upon new candidate declaration, the network immediately takes the declared maximum amount stake from the candidate's own account, and keep stake. the candidate does not have the max, the declaration will fail. the validator can, course, stake itself with additional cmts later. the cybermiles foundation will review the candidate's information. the foundation can verify the accuracy the information, will denote on-chain that the candidate "verified". cmt holders can stake any validator candidate they like, including the unverified ones, but verified candidates from the foundation give cmt holders more confidence stake. the cybermiles dpos protocol copyright (c) cybermiles foundation all rights reserved. staking and unstaking the validator candidate campaigns the community and asks people stake (i.e., hire for the job the validator). cmt holders (delegators) stake their cmts the validator candidate. important note that staked cmts cannot traded, and once staked, delegator must request unstaking and then wait week before can trade them again. you keep getting award during the waiting period. the waiting period unstaking guard against something called "long range double spend attack". note: during the initial stage the network, all delegators must stake their cmts through specialty hardware device known the cmt cube. that ensure network stability and fund safety during the crucial period network startup. the cmt cube will free and the blockchain staking protocol will open all after the network became stable. see more details the last two sections herein. the cybermiles dpos protocol copyright (c) cybermiles foundation all rights reserved. block award and validator's compensation once the validator candidate receives enough stake make the top becomes validator, and all its delegators start receive block award (about every seconds). the block award includes two parts. the system has annual inflation rate this inflation distributed newly minted cmts delegators. the delegators also receive transaction fees paid heavy users the blockchain. the total block award from the system first assigned the delegators proportional each delegator's voting power. the system then automatically distributes the block award the validators and delegators based the validator's compensation rates. the awards are added the stake default. for delegators and validators withdraw the cmts for trading, they need request unstaking and wait for week. validator can withdraw its candidacy any time. once validator withdraws, the next candidate with the most staked cmts line will become validator. when validator withdraws, all its staked cmts will automatically unlocked after the one-week unstake waiting period. during the whole staking period, there transfer ownership the delegators' cmts. the cybermiles dpos protocol copyright (c) cybermiles foundation all rights reserved. slashing and punishment when validator becomes unavailable produces results that are different from the rest the validators, the system will slash and burn its total stake (i.e., the validator itself and all its delegators will lose cmts) every block (every s). after consecutive slashes, the system removes the validator and promotes the next validator candidate validator. that is, delegators can punished for their stake misbehaving validator. the removed validator will longer suffer slashing loss, but none its delegators will earn any block awards either. its delegator can request unstake from it, and then restake their cmts after the one-week unstake waiting period. the cybermiles dpos protocol copyright (c) cybermiles foundation all rights reserved. genesis validators election when the cybermiles main net goes online, needs start with validators, known genesis validators. however, the chicken and egg problem that there way stake before the main net goes online. solve this problem, prior the main net launch, the cybermiles foundation will work with the community elect genesis validators based each validator candidate's projected voting power, well its contributions the community. the election process will transparent with public scoring mechanism. the genesis validators are the top candidates with the highest score. the scoring criteria include: the initial amount cmts the candidate willing stake (at least its declared max see below) validator's compensation rate requires from delegators soft commitment cmt stake from its community. the reputation the operation entity official website company information (brief introduction the team and list key staff, photos, and relevant background qualifications) size and activities its community (i.e., twitter, telegram, medium, etc. followers and interactions) the cybermiles dpos protocol copyright (c) cybermiles foundation all rights reserved. geopolitical diversity the validators (i.e., candidates from under-represented countries will have higher weight) commitment run the validator nodes according the technical standards set the foundation (total expenditure and technical plan; scaling plan for hardware) community development plan (validator candidate roadmap values, community project timeline, finances, transparency, any other topics the candidate deems important.) operational nodes the testnet for community testnet participation participate the genesis validator election, each candidate must declare its maximum accepted staking cmts fund its own account with the max staked genesis the network declare its validator's compensation rate disclose detailed information about the organization individual once the cmt cube devices are distributed cmt holders, the continuous validator election starts. cmt holders will use the cmt cube vote (stake) for validators they want hire. the cybermiles dpos protocol copyright (c) cybermiles foundation all rights reserved. about the cmt cube the cmt cube home-based device specifically designed facilitate validator election during the initial stage cybermiles network operation. hardware device that acts both cmt wallet (i.e., stores and manages cmt account), and easy-to-use user interface, ui, for staking the cmts the wallet elect validators. its also displays the up-to-date earnings (delegator's block award) the account receives over time. the hardware wallet home much safer than web-based phone-based software wallets, and hence ideal for holding and staking significant amounts cmts. the cmt cube hardware consists led touch screen for managing cmts the associated account, secure chip for storing private key information, and mobile computer running customized version android. uses very little electricity, and only need turned when the user needs make changes the account (e.g., check account balance, deposit withdraw cmts, stake unstake validator etc.) the long run, any cmt holder will able stake his her cmts via open software api provided the network. however, during the crucial period network startup period, the network vulnerable attacks and the cybermiles foundation must take active role making sure that the validator elections are free from attacks and frauds. the requirement for hardware device creates additional safeguards for the validator election process. for example, the device has upfront cost (it will reimbursed the cybermiles dpos protocol copyright (c) cybermiles foundation all rights reserved. over the year and eventually free) and has upper limit for cmts can hold cmts), very hard for large stake holder split into hundreds cmt accounts secretly manipulate the election. the device also has lower limit cmts must hold and stake prevent ddos attacks sybil attacks that use small amounts stakes abuse the system. the block award distributed the delegators will automatically show the cmt cube ui. since the cmt cube the only way participate validator staking, currently the only way for cmt holders earn delegator awards the initial stage. shown the "validator and delegator compensation" table, the expected income each cmt cube (delegator's income) proportional the amount cmts staked, and related factors such the network-wide total staked cmts, validator's compensation rate. generally expect the delegator's income will higher than the system inflation rate (currently per year). the cmt cube device will sold exclusively the cybermiles.io web site, and will priced cmts. second type the cmt cube called the "cmt enterprise cube". general computing device specifically designed for large stakeholders stake. has minimum stake million cmts for each delegator account, and can stake multiple validators. the cybermiles dpos protocol copyright (c) cybermiles foundation all rights reserved. about cybermiles app cybermiles app free mobile app can used stake cmts and manage cmt asset, including but not limited store, transfer, receive, and other functions. now cmt holders can stake cmt validators with cybermiles app get block awards. the cybermiles dpos protocol copyright (c) cybermiles foundation all rights reserved. key parameters term value description the amount new cmts "minted" the system annual block award for delegators and validators. the inflation actual inflation rate determined vote validators, but should never exceed per year. minimum self- the amount cmts validator's stake that staking ratio must come from its own funds. the threshold (soft cap) single validator can validator's take total network stake before the system size threshold diminishes the block award for this validator and its delegators. the top candidates with the most stake number become validators. their delegators will earn validators block awards. number backup the candidates with stake amounts ranked between and the network. their validators the cybermiles dpos protocol copyright (c) cybermiles foundation all rights reserved. delegators earn block awards block award pool split validators and their delegators collectively between receive total block awards; backup validators and validators and their delegators collectively backup receive total block wards. validators time for new block created. once block block time created, all the transactions the block are confirmed and finalized. slashing stake every the system slashes and burns validator's stake block for blocks (including all the delegators who stake it) (up stake) when validator misbehaves. the cybermiles dpos protocol copyright (c) cybermiles foundation all rights reserved. unstake the amount time delegator must wait days waiting period reclaim its funds when unstakes validator. cmt cube the maximum amount cmts single cmt cmts max cube device can hold and stake. the minimum amount cmts single cmt cmt cube min cmts cube device must hold and stake. cmt the maximum amount cmts single cmt enterprise none enterprise cube account can hold and stake. cube max cmt the minimum amount cmts single cmt enterprise cmts enterprise cube account must hold and stake. cube min cybermiles the maximum amount cmts single cmts app max cybermiles app address can stake. cybermiles the minimum amount cmts single cmts app min cybermiles app address can stake. the cybermiles dpos protocol copyright (c) cybermiles foundation all rights reserved.