dacc white paper decentralized accessible content chain version .., june abstract decentralized accessible content chain (dacc) platform that will revolutionize the digital content and media industry. dacc will establish public blockchain that features ownership and access management the infrastructure level digital media industry. decentralized file system that contains intrinsic identity and access management (iam) will implemented give users and content creators methods securely initiate, store, and manage access permissions their data and ip. iam ensures that only authenticated users can access the resources they are authorized use, and resource owners will have full control over the user authentication and authorization process. content creators, curators, and consumers will all properly and fairly incentivated build community that places content creators the center stage. addition this underlying infrastructure, full suite developer tools will also created which will allow any user entity easily build and develop content-related decentralized applications (dapp's) for any digital media platform top dacc. dacc foundation will also set aside special fund, aka, community development fund via dacc labs, incubate developer community create innovative dapps dacc platform. dacc will revolutionize the digital media economy innovative technology, distributed global community and special token model and reward system, which finally empower real creators digital media industry. copyright (c) dacc development team version history version january version february version april version may version june background ..overview digital media industry challenges dacc iam-based solutions dacc competitive advantages infrastructural innovations based iam system unique consensus algorithms scalable with high volume transactions with low latency world-class distributed global community and autonomous governance concrete use cases deliver real value digital media industry innovative incentive token scheme dacc iam-based blockchain platform dacc overall architecture dacc iam file system file partition and permission map compatibility between decentralized and centralized storage iam based modular open other blockchains dacc iam based public blockchain consensus algorithms dacc virtual machine block structure block contents with smart contract block creation public chain security technical comparison between major blockchain platforms dacc developer tools dapp development structure dacc standard libraries for developers token economy templates and gui tools (to users, particularly content creators) dacc chain service for developers dacc ecosystem dacc labs and dacc audio dapp benefits audio content dapp dacc audio content dapp participants the dacc platform proof recommendation (por) rewards for content creation promoter cooperation ... content creation, pricing and curation copyright protection deposit requirements content pricing content curation dacc multimedia ecosystem with vinci partnership dacc ecosystem based global crypto community the dacc foundation and governance the dacc foundation dacc governance dacc token dacc token initial token issuance and allocation dacc token additional issuance dacc project roadmap dacc technical project roadmap dacc community and ecosystem roadmap dacc core team members key advisors and strategic participants institutional participants disclaimer risk factors background ..overview the advancement internet and network technology over the past decade has allowed for the rapid rise and global proliferation digital content industry, mainly three categories, data, user and network data. how platforms protect copyright and data remains pointed topic debate, with content creators pointing annual content piracy revenue losses us$. billion for the music industry alone and us$. billion for the global online and movie industries. the user data arena, have over billion use mobile phones, over billion use the internet, and over billion use social media. how content and media platforms share user data has become topic with recent scandals companies like facebook, where over million users had their data unknowingly exposed third parties. how platforms charge for user data has always been issue, highlighted the ongoing struggle for content creators claim more streaming revenues from centralized platforms such facebook and google. have seen regulatory bodies take measures against these issues, such the eu's recent general data protection regulation (gdpr) address personal data privacy. however, these measures ignore the fundamental problem that exists today's data-driven world data that owned and maintained centralized interests will always subject security risks, non-transparent sharing and access grants, well unfair monetization their custodians. due this unbalanced incentives between content creators, publishers, curators and consumers, the core component this ecosystem, the content creators, lack the incentive create high quality content that contribute the proliferation the community. believe that data ownership and access management should removed the greatest extent possible from centralized interests and given back their respective owners and creators. over the last decade, have witnessed exponential growth cryptocurrencies and blockchain-based new economy. bitcoin price soared from us$. us$,, with each price crash leading quick recovery and new all-time high. hundreds cryptocurrencies reached market caps more than us$m. the underlining blockchain technology was even larger source innovations, leading ethereum, smart contracts, token's, and broader new economy built upon decentralized applications. expected transform all the major industries modern society, including finance, communications, energy, military, etc. fact, the blockchain technology disruptive that widely recognized web the internet value. the blockchain technology the very first technology innovation human history revolutionize relations production. the centralized model relations production worked well for bringing human beings from african savannas the modern society century, thanks its high efficiency organization. however, also largely sacrificed individuals' freedom and rights wealth. that why there are billionaires well struggling workers and simon kemp, are social, digital world's internet users pass the billion mark (january stephen siwek, institute for policy innovation, the true cost sound recording piracy the u.s.economy (august simon murray, digital research (january farmers every country today. the issue much worse for digital world. large corporations like google and facebook are able scale very quickly growing users and charge for user data with only minimum earned interests shared back content creators. the core relations production are people's ownerships and accesses means production and value production. highly civilized society requires deep and broad collaborations between multiple parties, ownership the work and access the produced value are keys relations production modern society. this even more for digital world. therefore, revolutionize relations production with decentralized internet and blockchain technology, the most significant and urgent problem solve ownership, access, and identity management. social media, content authoring platforms, and the internet's open platform have together created the digital content industry. from the audio content listen to, the video content watch, the content upload and download everyday, the digital content industry has witnessed enormous growth its scale and depth. however, the rapid development the digital media trend has inevitably brought more challenges the industry. matthew effect has gradually emerged, and the vertical monopoly large and centralized companies within the industry has made virtually impossible for independent, aspiring, and lesser known content creators and artists display their talents and charge others for the use their ip. highly centralized content management methods have encouraged platforms cater only well known professional content generators, which has curtailed the vast potential content generation from undiscovered amateur creators. more important problems digital media industry exist too, especially for user privacy. there huge conflict between users' privacy and advertisement. also, the content creators and followers need clarify all the rights access network data. other problems such unclear data ownership and information asymmetry continue plague the industry. not only the industrial infrastructure backwards, also lacks effective protection system. the scope and speed information dissemination today's digital world growing rapidly, and transmission costs are converging zero. this has duly served spread both original content and pirated content. dacc the world's first decentralized iam content chain. dacc will revolutionize the digital content industry and will fundamentally solve the issues data ownership and access control through the combination blockchain infrastructure and iam technology. iam system for securely initiating, storing and managing user identities and data access permissions. iam provides for proper authentication (ensure users are who they claim be) and authorization (ensures users have access only the data and resources they are entitled to). dacc provides complete decentralized iam file system, iam public blockchain, iam chain services, and complete set development tools build any content-based platform dapp dacc's ecosystem. dacc identifies iam the key issue solve because two reasons: the blockchain technology revolutionize relations production modern society. the key issue relations production people's ownership means production well access the produced wealth, another word, identity and access management. dacc protects users' privacy recording file access logs into blockchain. dacc avoids content copy-and-redistribution through two methods: de-duplication files dacc file system. whenever dacc file system discovers files with the same content hash value but different root source, sends alerts all file owners, and it's the owners whether appeal for the content being copied. whenever content consumers discover similar contents with different root source, they can choose report dacc admin committee. successful report rewards the user who reports. digital media industry challenges centralized content platforms and media companies like facebook and yahoo have failed us. under their watch, three key problems have proliferated: personal data theft, piracy, and monopolization monetization. dacc fundamentally solves each these issued integrating iam concepts and technology into the infrastructure, block structure, and token economy the dacc platform. personal data theft the digital trend grows, data becomes more valuable. centralized content platforms and media companies recognize this, and for years they have built their business models around obtaining much data possible any and all users. while this has served these companies (and their profits) well, this has also made these companies into targets for hackers. system breaches and personal data theft has become increasingly common among today's centralized corporates. facebook has been embroiled public controversy where million its users had their data inappropriately obtained cambridge analytica, third party political consulting, data mining, and data brokerage firm. cambridge analytica allegedly used this data influence voter opinion during the presidential elections. facebook ceo mark zuckerberg has been brought testimony front both the congress and parliament april and may however, facebook has thus far avoided major fines sanctions stemming from its data scandal. equifax one the largest consumer credit reporting agencies the and keeps records all citizens' credit history obtaining transaction and banking data from financial institutions that lend issue credit (i.e. banks and credit card companies). during may-july hackers accessed personal data million equifax customers. this data included social security numbers, driver's license numbers, credit card numbers, birth dates, addresses, and more. there were reports inside executives selling company stock before news the breach was released, and ultimately the company ceo had step down. uber had combination names, email addresses, phone numbers, and driver's license numbers million customers and drivers stolen hackers october according reports, hackers obtained login credentials uber's amazon web services account and gained access its data. make matters worse, uber was found have known about the breach but instead reporting authorities uber decided pay the hackers delete the stolen data and keep the breach incident secret. yahoo was found have had the names, birth dates, phone numbers, passwords, security questions/answers, and backup email addresses used reset lost passwords stolen hackers investigators determined that virtually all yahoo's billion users were affected. afterwards, copies the stolen data were reported shopped for per copy known espionage and spamming groups. network data abusement especially social media industry, the unclear permission different network data cause lot problems too. the users have limited control their own network data, the platform leverage these data heavily, and the content creators organizers have limited access utilize these network data too. this cause unbalanced economic model and unclear conflict between the participants digital media industry. piracy one the most challenging issues when dealing with digital content how detect and ensure the original source any data ip. lack copyright protection affects not only the reputation and earnings the content industry, but also disincentivizes the creation new content. monopolization monetization the digital media industry has seen tremendous growth with the advancement digital technology and platforms. digital media reaching more people more formats and more channels than ever before. however, while content creators and consumers have benefitted from broader exposure and access, the main beneficiaries the digital audio trend have been the centralized platforms that control and distribute content. these centralized platforms typically have business models where content rights aggregators (i.e. music labels) take revenues, content distributors (i.e. platforms like spotify, youtube, etc.) take more revenues, and content creators are left with less than total revenues generated. growth the digital media industry has been realized spite creators, and for this growth sustained all parties, from creators consumers and all actors supporting content distribution and technology infrastructures, must fairly and properly incentivized. these incentives are needed develop and reward creativity, and without such incentives the digital content market will fail reach its full potential. only the top fraction artists and creators with industry leverage will able support their endeavors, and the vast majority potential content from lesser known content generators will never published. dacc iam based solutions the current centralized model backwards. dacc's iam based platform will put data permissions and access management back into the hands right participants the digital media industry. dacc's public chain will feature iam the infrastructure level,utilize iam with data storage, and embed iam into block creation. treating the access content, user, network data transaction, dacc's platform allows for greater user sovereignty and control over their own creative content and their public social profile, reputation, and network data. users can control access their data, and users can determine how they charge users for the use their data. long centralized companies and data platforms exist there will continue data breaches. dacc solves this issue integrating iam elements throughout its decentralized infrastructure. within each transaction, within each block, and within the file and storage system, dacc uses iam protect data and allow for data access control granular level. users directly control who has permission access their personal data, network data content ip. data access permissions are treated transactions dacc and immutably stored dacc's public chain. data access also treated transaction that also immutably stored dacc's public chain that any access any user can always traced and verified. dacc will utilize machine learning methods data processing and community governance committee identify ip, user data and network data. whether any uploaded content data determined genuinely original will depend the uploaded content the only copy and there any dispute involving the content. dapps dacc come with templates that allow for systems with special dacc nodes and arbitrators verify and determine copyright abuse has occured. not only dacc will provide iam based blockchain service digital media industry, but also will innovate the coordinate economic model digital media building global community and token economy. dacc will revolutionize the digital media the near future. dacc competitive advantages dacc platform that will revolutionize the digital media industry. dacc will establish public blockchain that features data ownership and access management the infrastructure level. full suite developer tools will also created, making easy build top dacc and develop content-related decentralized applications (dapp's) for all users and use cases. infrastructural innovations based iam system dacc will designed with the following core technical elements mind: decentralized file system that contains intrinsic identity and access management (iam) and scalable public blockchain used ledger for recording transactions smart contract capabilities, including the ability issue new tokens (launch ico's) and the ability build any content-related decentralized application that requires strong iam will have special agency verify whether the coin created the user securities token. securities token, not recognize its validity.) developer tools with abstracted token economy templates for both creative ontent and social network data. modular decentralized file system with strong iam controls that can called other blockchain services token economy template and gui tools for both creative content and social network data. unique consensus algorithms scalable with high volume transactions with low latency dacc file system identifies and delegates different accesses creators, distributors, organizers, and consumers. dpos+vrf used consensus algorithm public chain ensure the scalability and high volume transactions with low latency dacc tokens used for transaction fees and storage fees, block producers and storage providers are rewarded with dacc tokens world-class global community the dacc team comprises industrial veterans from media, technology, and social media platforms with combined years experience and building user community with over user base. aim bring technological innovations blockchains, combining our experience building community, first the content media industry. experienced team that enables rapid community formation. the team has brought about the formation blockchain community, one the largest blockchain community asia-pacific regions with user base. the team also created one the most popular blockchain group, -block community, with followers. global crypto community users with organic growth users per week, major english speaking countries including usa, europe, well korea, japan and china. concrete use cases deliver real value digital media industry while blockchain technology show promises across many industries, and bitcoin has been the main implementation blockchain application far. however, believe dacc can bring immediate value the blockchain ecosystem and multimedia content and media industry where content creators face urgent challenges creating meaningful and high quality audio and media contents. first wave adopters dacc protocols will the digital media companies blockchain industry. dacc will help media company build their own dapps dacc blockchain and help solve immediate issues such securing original content creation, anti-plagiarism and protections user data. multimedia industry especially audio industry will among the first wave adoption well. mentioned earlier, audio content creators will see immediate revenue generation and curators will directly benefit from curating and discovering quality content. dacc will partnership with vinci smart headphone develop its audio ecosystem. believe innovation the essential part dacc development. dacc labs will develop its own dapps which has innovate features and economic model. dacc first dapp will it's audio dapp, also developing its second crypto media dapp. innovative incentive token scheme the traditional digital media industry, publishers took significant amount profits which deters the motivation content creators. the highlight the dacc protocols the tackle the imbalance between creators, curators, referrers, consumers and developers. dacc community, dacc token incentives will mostly rewarded block producers, infrastructure maintainers and ecosystem developers, dacc aims place content creators back the center the stage and eliminate the intermediaries that cause unnecessary friction content creation. dacc will empower the content creators the long run. dacc iam-based blockchain platform dacc overall architecture figure dacc core architecture and components dacc platform world's first iam based platform which includes parts, distributed file system with built-in iam, dacc public chain and dacc development tools. dacc will focus developing modular based decentralized file system with iam, this can plugged other public chains too. dacc public chain also features strong iam controls, with dpos/vrf consensus ensure scalability. additionally, dacc will provide development tools for different parties digital media industry, including content creators who have limited development resources, developers who are building their own dapps digital media industry and other blockchains who need iam system. dacc iam file system figure dacc's decentralized file system and iam elements for data control dacc's iam file system the most fundamental infrastructure and innovation dacc architecture. includes file sharing system, permission maps, migration engine from centralized storage decentralized storage. more importantly, the whole system modular and independent from the rest dacc architecture, any other public chain that needs modern decentralized storage with iam capabilities can easily implement dacc file system. file partition and permission map dacc allows users upload data any format. data must also uploaded with form permission map. this map defines access permissions and delegations and enables iam uploaded content. permission maps can modified and updated any time content creators. figure dacc handling file download request figure dacc permission map example data access requests are also straightforward and only require the requestor's public key identifier and the address the requested content itself. once these inputs are authenticated the file system and authorized the content owner via permission map, access response generated and the requested content delivered the requestor. content and data are stored dacc's distributed file system. all files will split into partitions, and each partition will have corresponding permission map. partitions will allocated across different servers, and file replicas will stored prevent data loss. below present our concept proof file control. establish our proof, some rules must set. data provided supplier stored the supplier's node and not another user's node. suppliers cannot commit store more data than they are physically able store. outsourcing data storage allowed. the next step validate that the number data copies that users claim store consistent with the actual number data copies users actually store. compatibility between decentralized and centralized storage dacc supports data storage over distributed network such ipfs, well centralized cloud storage solution such aws. anticipate that the data storage will become long term investment for tons terabytes data. participation storage providers will require significant amount financial investment. the meanwhile, believe the power community and encourage participation all content creators, content consumers and partners. therefore provide compatibility individual storage providers who can contribute hundreds (gigabyte) storage, well data center who can contribute (petabyte) storage. the proof storage control will represented proof storage. the process determining proof storage requires three stages: files will divided into smaller chunks together with permission map, digitally signed the data owners with token incentives. such request will published the dacc file system. storage providers will see those requests and accept storage request together with token incentives. such token will locked escrow account and distributed the storage provider upon completion storage with proof storage over period time. iam based modular open other blockchains dacc iam file system will designed following modular design philosophy. the iam features including the permission map will visible from other blockchains via secure protocols with api. dapps built dacc, even dapps other blockchains will able directly call api and fetch information dacc permission map and file system, encouraging data transactions and liquidity digital asses dacc community. dacc iam based public blockchain dacc will develop its own public blockchain with infrastructure and features mind support easy dapp development for content-based platforms. consensus algorithms dacc's consensus algorithms feature different participants' proof the access content, user and network data. the access includes ownership, usership, and etc. this proof can transferred stake, which can get the different benefits the platform. three parameters must considered when designing technical network system: decentralization, security, and scalability. only two these three parameters can fully prioritized, and different systems will choose different priorities based their specific needs. content based chains and applications require security and scalability ensure full intellectual property protection and smooth user experience even the number users greatly increases. current cryptocurrency and blockchain solutions the market are not robust and fast enough support large scale communities. for example, bitcoin and ethereum support transaction speeds and transactions per second, respectively. other popular cryptocurrencies such bitcoin cash per second) and litecoin per second) are not much faster. dpos one the few consensus algorithms that has been shown provide high performance and scalability with small sacrifices decentralization. this consensus method also slightly centralized that ultimately only select committee block producers (or "witnesses") are allowed produce blocks the chain and earn associated transaction fees. however, through these witnesses greater performance and scalability can achieved. dacc will leverage learnings from other dpos protocols that focus facilitating and expediting blockchain transactions, such graphene. the technology behind graphene has been demonstrated support transactions per second with some straightforward optimizations server capacity and communication protocols. with this transaction speed, the dacc can easily support billion transactions per year. assume ratings per user per day, dpos can enable the dacc support million daily active users (dau's). regarding forks and their handling and mitigation, dpos-based blockchains are generally resistant forks block producers are incentivized cooperate rather than compete produce blocks. through dpos, the rate which blocks are produced and added any chain raul amoros, transactions speeds: how cryptocurrencies stack visa paypal? (january graphene technical documentation http://docs.bitshares.org/ fork chain dependent how many block producers working the same chain fork. other words, any particular fork with more producers working will have blocks added faster relative other forks. and situations where any fork occurs, the network designed such that consensus will always choose the fork chain with the most number blocks (i.e. the "longest" chain). additionally, any block producers found producing blocks different forks the same time will removed the management team. further improve dacc's public chain integrity, verifiable random functions (vrf) will also used conjunction with dacc's dpos consensus. using vrf, publicly verifiable randomness will generated choose validators. via vrf, fair and secure mechanism can established choose who will proposing next block. return, block validators will properly awarded with dacc tokens for their work proposing blocks. with vrf and block signatures, fast consensus (sub second) can achieved among block producers and transactions can confirmed immutable manner. dacc virtual machine dacc's platform software can abstracted network that facilitates the communication validated transactions between network and user accounts. this way, any software language virtual machine can compatible with dacc long they can integrated with dacc's platform software api. validation transactions involves two parts: validating transaction conforms internal standards, and validating transaction has the necessary prerequisites such sufficient transaction inputs. after transaction validated, then dacc application blockchain states can updated. dacc's software will encourage parallel computing opportunities the greatest extent possible clearly defining blockchain state access rights for the validation transactions and for the actual updating application and blockchain states. through this, dacc's platform can process transactions more efficiently. dacc virtual machine will support ethereum vm, but will mainly support wasm (web assembly), more efficient system than evm. wasm also supports jit compilation, allowing developers write c/c++, java code that can run dacc vm. block structure figure dacc block structure and core content components block contents with smart contract all blocks and transactions contained dacc's public chain will include least part the hash the previous block header. this meant preclude the false duplication any block transaction any fork. this also serves record block producer's dpos any fork. the header for each block will also contain merkle tree root which summarizes all transaction data contained the block. merkle tree roots are derived through series hashing starting from the "bottom" leaf nodes the tree and all the way back the merkle root. any single detail any transaction the block changed, then the merkle root for the blocked changed well. merkle roots provide quick and easy method verify any transaction included any given block. through this verification, the merkle root can used protect the integrity the transaction data within each block. merkle trees can downloaded one branch time, and the integrity the downloaded branch can quickly checked and verified. this partial branch checking can done even other branches the merkle tree are still not complete. this aspect merkle trees and dacc blocks opens the feature simplified payment verification (spv). spv method verifying particular transactions are included set transactions within block without the requirement downloading the entire set transactions within block. permission transactions with all blockchains, blocks dacc's platform will store transactions. however, dacc's blocks will specifically designed store transactions revolving around permission and access content. treating the access content and data transaction, dacc's platform allows for greater user sovereignty and control over their own creative content and their public social profile, reputation, and network data. transactions dacc's platform will generally fall into two categories: creative content transactions and social network data transactions. creative content transactions relate content ip. these transactions will allow for the transfer permission assignments users and will also keep logs and statistics content access users. content creators can charge other users dacc tokens for accessing their contents they deems appropriate, can over period time over permanent period. access logs can analyzed understand consumer behavior and quantify content quality. social network data transactions relate personal data and information. these transactions will allow for the delegation access permission users and entities the data owners' choosing. smart contract can built facilitate permission transactions through developer toolkits. more details can found later chapter. block creation dacc's platform software will initially designate block production time seconds. platform usage will monitored and this block production time may adjusted accordingly. block producer will allowed produce blocks every seconds, and each block may only produced one block producer. the event that block producer misses skips their block production time, then the dacc platform will require the block producer wait another seconds before producing the next block. certain block producers continually miss block production times become inactive for extended period time, they will voted out their witness status and will prevented from producing blocks again for certain period time. dacc blocks will produced intervals blocks, where represents the number block producers and each block producer produces blocks per interval. prior each interval, block producers are selected vote among dacc's token holders. the order which the block producers produce blocks will determined fairly through random order generation. public chain security dacc implements formal verifications (fv) ensure security over dacc blockchains. although bugs are inevitable, are planning implement systematically exhaustive approach build mathematical model with codes consistently improve blockchain security. security paramount matter dacc community. with recent glitches found ethereum platform where smart contract owners introduced bugs that can exploited and led overflow float numbers. dacc blockchain set protect the digital assets all participants. furthermore, are also going set aside bounty program that encourages developer community build and improve dacc blockchain project. developers will rewarded with bugs found and software improvement implementation under the developer community fund. technical comparison between major blockchain platforms our goal for dacc the best blockchain infrastructure for all digital media platforms that require solid iam solutions addition scalability, decentralization, and tools facilitate easy development dapp's. dacc's software compares favorably the leading decentralized platforms the market. ethereum eos filecoin stellar dacc medium strong n/a weak strong n/a n/a weak n/a strong scalability weak strong strong strong strong decentralization strong medium strong medium medium developer friendly strong strong weak medium strong iam chain level iam file level figure dacc comparison features vs. leading blockchain platforms dacc the first blockchain project that brings iam both chain and file level, providing direct iam from user identity file access. filecoin initially tackles the access management issues but offer only weak iam file level. premier blockchain projects such ethereum and eos focused something else, more universal blockchain platform that built for general-purpose blockchain applications, rather than managing user data chain, storage level. find such niche will create true value for managing user data and contents with permission map. scalability has been discussed extensively elsewhere within the blockchain community, while the dpos vrf consensus mechanism one most promising technologies that aim bring scalability with limited compromise over decentralization. such case, dacc, along with eos, filecoin, and stellar demonstrate better scalability than the pow mechanism that ethereum currently employs. mentioned earlier, dacc does not over-emphasize decentralization for the sake decentralization. dacc values real value creations and protection user data/contents using blockchain technology. dacc developer tools full suite developer tools will created allow end users, companies, and research groups easily create content-based dapp's for variety purposes including, but not limited to, audio content, video content, token curated registries, etc. dacc's dapp development framework will abstract the process dapp creation with simple and easy use modular tools and functions. fully customizable token economy templates will included that any token fee, incentive, and reward system can created and implemented suit the needs the content application and ecosystem being created. dacc's wallet application can seamlessly integrated into any dapp built dacc's public chain provide simple and easy solution for token transfer and storage with and dacc dapp. dapp development structure figure dacc tools and templates assist with the development dapp's dacc's platform will come with full suite developer tools designed abstract and simplify the process building content related dapp's. developers may opt use standard templates provided dacc quickly create dapp's and token economies for more basic use cases. developers may also choose use dacc's standard library, wallet, and chain service tool kits build top standard templates create new dapp's from scratch. dacc's standard library will include modules for iam and storage well containers for dapp's. dacc's wallet toolkit will allow developers integrate dacc with existing payment gateways, cold storage wallets, and exchanges. dacc's chain service will allow for features such chain information scanners and layer protocols implemented dacc dapp's. dacc standard libraries for developers dacc offers full suite libraries that enable developers build top the dacc iam file system. data/file creation this happens when new file/chunk data requested store the dacc iam system. developer toolkits that allow file owners digitally sign the content with private key. permission update libraries that allows permission map created when file/data uploaded, updated thereafter. permission update api that supports permission map updates post transactions. access request this library supports parties request access certain files. this library also supports various rules and types requests. the request takes inputs requestor's public key and other information such price, gas fee, etc. access response access response takes care boolean decisions whether access granted not, upon file owner's discretion. dacc dapp container dacc container provides environment where dapp run dacc virtual machine. token economy templates and gui tools (to users, particularly content creators) token economy templates and gui tools allow users, particularly file owners, content creators, quickly submit their original content onto the dacc iam file system, enabling such content for liquidity and transactions through secure transactions. this part technology will completed dacc development team and offered the community the basic toolkit for the user-facing community. dacc chain service for developers dacc chain services built with onchain abi engine that allows interaction with dacc blockchains. public apis will also available for scanning and fetch information dacc block chains. layer connectors allows dacc chain information exchange between dacc and other blockchains and incumbent cloud systems and apps. dacc ecosystem dacc's public chain integrates iam and content permission controls the infrastructure level. this makes dacc the ideal blockchain solution for any and all types content based dapp's, especially where personal data and are important assets. from token curated registries social network platforms, dacc's software allows content creators and owners full control over how their data accessed, shared, and charge for the use their data. below highlight one example how dacc can used build content-based dapp with considerations for participants, content creation and storage, and token economy and incentives. outline this use case the framework audio content dapp built the dacc platform. dacc labs and dacc audio dapp dacc will build dacc labs innovate digital media and blockchain industry. this will set good examples for developers crypto industry, social media and multimedia industry. based the former experience, dacc labs will launch its audio dapp firstly. benefits audio content dapp data and statistics highlight the trending growth the audio and music content industries, driven demand for digital and streaming content particular. however, for growth sustained all parties, including music artists and content creators, must benefit. content creators need greater security with respect their copyrights and need greater incentives reward and develop their creativity. existing digital content platforms significantly lack incentives for content creators. platforms such spotify, soundcloud, and itunes utilize centralized distribution models which often add several layers conflicting interests between content creators and their content consumers. doing so, these platforms reduce transparency and keep content creators far removed from their customers and incentives. the limitation data the hands centralized platforms also greatly impacts the ability smart audio devices and audio assistants improve. while devices like echo and airpods have shown the market glimpse the potential from these devices, much that potential still remains untouched. audio need much more data improve the intelligence voice assistants and create more natural and useful audio interactions for users. the solution these problems decentralized audio content community and platform which based blockchain technology and uses consensus algorithms properly incentivize and reward all parties from content consumers and creators, data storage providers and blockchain validators. there will middle man, music conglomerate, centralized content platform take incentives and profits out the market. with dacc's iam technology, users and content creators can assured that their data will not stolen misused, and that their data can only accessed the people and parties they choose. audio dapp would create open, transparent, and secure ecosystem where audio content and all rewards and incentives that come from content creation, curation, storage, distribution, and exchange remain within the ecosystem for the benefit all. furthermore, this dapp could designed connect all decentralized audio content with smart audio devices and drive the market for next generation audio content, devices, and interactions. figure the gap between streaming content value and revenues (source: ifpi) dacc audio content dapp the goal audio content dapp would establish transparent, secure, decentralized, and incentives driven framework for the open creation and exchange audio content. the dapp will aim provide fair and transparent platform with self-governing ecosystem and where audio content value determined community consensus. this will achieved using blockchain technology record and reward value-added actions platform actors. these actions include audio content creation, content curation, validating transactions, providing data storage, and more. figure system architecture examples audio content dapp built dacc infrastructure participants the dacc platform content creators and content consumers artists, singers, podcasters, bloggers, and other individuals groups who provide audio content within the dapp ecosystem. users who listen and subscribe music, podcasts, blogs, and other audio content their daily lives. users also have the power curate, rate, and review content the dapp and through their collective actions decide which creators become more popular. management team the dacc development team will elect within the dacc development team experienced team help manage the dapp community ("management team"). the management team will decide the adjusting system parameters, which may include transaction fees, ratings and reviews, user authorizations, and creation new nodes. the management team will regularly conduct community comments their feedback the dacc platform. proof recommendation (por) propose use proof recommendation (por) quantitatively measure the value exchange within the dapp and actively reward both content creators and content consumers for performing value-added actions. note that content here can mean both audio content and reviews posted other users. por works two ways. first, when content consumers become content curators and rate/review audio content, the content curator rewarded through por. this serves incentivize consumers continue rating content that good content can filtered for the benefit the entire platform. second, content creators receive rewards function the por generated their content. this serves incentivize content creators continue making good content earn por and benefit all platform users with selection higher quality content. the formula for proof recommendations can generally expressed as: rewards are calculated based the quota consumed for curation. factored reward users with higher token balances. furthermore, incentivize users discover, try, and curate new content, variable added which increases the rewards earned for curating new and lesser known content. each user will receive curation quota that set once day specified time. this quota based the following formula: the quota formula designed such that users who are inactive and for days without rating reviewing content will see declining increases their daily quota. meanwhile, users who frequently provide ratings and reviews will able use more quota over time and thus have more influence the dapp. the formula also designed take users' por into account and provide higher quotas for users with higher por. whenever user posts rating review, certain amount their quota consumed. this consumed amount based the following formula: the consumption formula designed such that providing many ratings and reviews short period time expensive, discourage spamming. users can continue provide ratings and reviews long their daily quota remains positive. rewards for content creation the amount dacc tokens received content creators also correlated the total contented created that day. the more the total content created the community, the tokens received the creators will multiplied the factor brought the community coefficient. addition, the more curated and well known creator's content is, the more rewards they receive for receiving subsequent ratings and reviews. promotor cooperation audio content creators can also set cooperation mechanisms which allow other users earn share dacc tokens paid from purchased content. users can help promote and market content through trackable, user-specific referral link whereby any token generated the referral link are split between the content creator and the user per the rules the promoter cooperation policy. figure example profit sharing scheme and respective payouts ... content creation, pricing and curation all users are eligible create and provide audio content the dapp community. content can the form song files, song albums and playlists, internet radio stations, podcasts, and more. creators are encouraged provide high quality content this can help creators earn dacc tokens through purchases earn dacc tokens rewards from obtaining positive user ratings and reviews. these rewards and earnings all directly content creators, and there are platform, listing, distribution fees charged third party interests. copyright protection order address copyright protection and maintenance, all content ownership information will recorded and time stamped into the blockchain when content created and posted. this ownership information will publicly available the blockchain, thus allowing all users trace any content back its original creator. the copyright itself will take the form private key that generated when content created and can only accessed the original content creator. the private key (copyright) owner has full ownership over the content they create, and can also decide how their content will used and distributed. private key owners also have the right transfer and/or distribute their content copyright other users, although content creation will always attributed the original content owner recorded the blockchain. deposit requirements safeguard deter creators from providing fraudulent content the public, creators will required place deposit way dacc tokens each time they post content. this deposit acts validity posted content and ensures that content creators assume responsibility asserting ownership their posted content and ip. after creator's posted content has received purchases and reviews, and complaints plagiarism have been received within one month after the publication the content, the deposit will returned the creator. and plagiarism complaint received after one month publication, will set commission inquiry verify the matter. does constitute plagiarism, will cancel creators' exclusive qualifications. the amount initial deposit required may reduced for creators who demonstrate history posting authentic content and have received threshold number good reviews from consumers. any case where content fraud found, such creator violates the content copyright otherwise violates the terms use the dapp, the creator will face penalty which includes confiscation their deposit well potential access restrictions. all decisions with respect content deposits, including initial amount required, criteria have deposits returned, and thresholds reduce waive future deposit requirements will determined the management team. appropriate balance must maintained such that deposit requirements are high enough deter fraud and copyright abuse, but not high enough significantly deter creators from posting content. arbitration forums for arbitration will provided allow consumers request refunds discrepancies are found between the content information advertised creators and the actual content purchased consumers. consumer can submit refund request the management team together with the record transaction. the consumer and the content creator will then enter into arbitration. the management team will investigate comparing the marketing information and actual content provided before deciding the arbitration. meaningful discrepancy indeed found, the paid for the content will taken from the creator's balance and returned the consumer. the creator will also have their deposit confiscated and may lose access some all features the dapp. content pricing the audio content dapp will put pricing directly the control content creators and out the hands large corporates, digital platforms, and other third parties. creators have complete discretion how price their content, how charge for their content, and how share the revenue for their content desired. free market forces and supply and demand will help guide creators towards the optimal price for their content. addition, the dapp will provide tools such content ranking charts with filters for price, type, genre, purchases, reviews, and more further assist creators determining the best pricing for their content. pricing options for creators will generally fall under three categories: free content, one-time payment, subscription. content curation content curation plays crucial role the dapp token economy. any industry, platform, situation, having more data and information always beneficial. curation, ratings, and reviews are forms information that bring many benefits the dapp community, such as: filters out low quality content and creators, and promotes good content and creators. helps consumers make more informed decisions when selecting which content purchase. provides leading indicator which content, music genre, artist, podcast, etc. are popular among consumers, and allows creators adjust their content and pricing accordingly desired. aids with price discovery for all content, and incentivized properly, can also aid with price discovery for lesser known content and creators. this particularly important for indie artists, new podcasters, etc. who are just starting out and producing new content. the more users curate data within the dapp, the more these benefits will realized all parties. therefore becomes imperative create platform that encourages and incentivizes much curation possible. the dapp incentive system will rewards users for curating and which also rewards creators for receiving good ratings and reviews. dacc multimedia ecosystem with vinci partnership through strategic partnership with vinci smart headphones, which the first headphone with on-device artificial intelligence. since its creation, vinci has established worldwide technology and fashion brand with its ecosystem partners, ranging from such spotify, soundcloud, baidu music, and kkbox, media partners such midemlab. also, dacc core members also participated establishing the vinci brand worldwide and won media acclamation technology media such forbes, usa today, engadget and cnet. through collaboration with vinci, dacc team equipment with experience that bring dacc blockchain technology the worldwide developers and users. figure strategic partnership with vinci smart headphones develop multimedia ecosystem dacc ecosystem based global distributed crypto community dacc will leverage its community impact crypto industry expand its ecosystem starting from crypto medias, community and other content creators. core members the dacc team have been building artificial intelligence technology, social media platforms and global community the past years. cumulatively, the team comprised core members with total years community experience with user community with over user base. aim bring technological innovations blockchains, combining our experience building community, first the content media industry. the dacc team has demonstrated consistent track record building community. the team has brought about the formation blockchain community, one the largest blockchain community asia-pacific regions with user base months. the team also created one the most popular blockchain group, -block community, with followers. global crypto community users with organic growth users per week, major english speaking countries including usa, europe, well korea, japan and china. with leading community support, dacc ecosystem will build its own ecosystem from digital media that close its crypto community. the dacc foundation and governance the dacc foundation the dacc foundation pte. ltd dacc foundation intended exempt private company limited shares that maintains and facilitates the democratic governance the dacc for all members. the dacc foundation will consist directors. these directors will scrutinized and selected strictly upon their merits and reputation within their respective industries. key decision making with respect the operations and applications the dacc will determined majority vote the dacc foundation only. the dacc foundation will operate upon immutable guiding principles: impartiality. directors will act and vote independently, with only the best interests the operations, applications, and members the dacc mind. directors will paid nominal salary with respect their work with the dacc foundation. outside this, directors shall not allowed partake any profit making activities relation their responsibilities with the dacc foundation. the mandate the dacc foundation will include: open and transparent governance all dacc tokens issued and distributed support for and advancement the technologies related the blockchain implementation within the dacc ensuring the protection users data and privacy all matters related ecosystem membership dacc governance the dacc foundation will registered separate legal entity with its own governance framework. this governance framework, well the dacc foundation itself, will advised leading industry professionals and will implement best practices from other industry established foundations. additional measures will put place adequately respond changes industry regulations and requirements. dacc blockchain will also adopt series development templates the future: token template dacc foundation token issuance template dacc improvement plans template dacc token dacc token dacc token the currency for all transactions, gas fees and reward block validators and storage providers: dacc token "). additionally, special allocation dacc tokens will used develop the community (%), dacc software development, system maintenance and security development (%), also reward the special contributors and advisors (%). see below for detailed allocation table. the price the dacc token eth for dacc tokens. dacc token holders will not granted any shares and management rights over the dacc platform, dacc foundation and/or any subsequent company being set up. dacc token holders will not entitled any dividends income from the dacc foundation the dacc platform result holding the dacc tokens. initial token issuance and allocation the dacc foundation proposes generate and issue dacc tokens soon after the incorporation the dacc foundation. upon issuance and prior the completion the dacc platform, dacc tokens will issued tokens based the erc ethereum token standard. the initial issuance dacc tokens will consist billion tokens. the hard-cap the token sale sale ,eth.the allocation this initial issuance summarized the following table. allocation vesting period release schedule *after listing exchange angel round participants months lock-up; //% after months pre-sale round participants months lock-up; after months open round participants months lock-up; after months dacc development team years every months dacc advisors years every months dacc community and global partnership dacc foundation *reserved for platform total crowd-sale close ,,, dacc tokens figure proposed initial allocation dacc tokens the proceeds raised from the initial issuance dacc tokens are intended used for the following purposes: fund the research, development, and establishment the dacc hire and retain the talent and expertise required build the dacc cover the marketing and operating expenses related the expansion and growth the dacc dacc token additional issuance dacc will hold the right issue certain amount, less than the total tokens each year, develop dacc ecosystem and improve liquidity dacc token. approval such additional issuance will subject the governance regulations described section dacc project roadmap dacc technical project roadmap dacc community and ecosystem roadmap dacc core team members the dacc development team comprises talents from the world's top universities and institutions. key advisors and strategic participants jeffrey wernick advisor entrepreneur, private investor. bitcoin investor since years investment experience including uber and airbnb addition dacc, also qtum advisory board began career trading options/ futures while the university chicago. later worked salomon brothers investor, his focus expanded the sharing economy, biomedical, and blockchain technologies jared polites advisor head marketing crypto media group has been involved over projects blockchain projects date ico advisor these projects have raised over usd walter komarek advisor co-founder ink, angel investor, president and managing partner forbesfone being respected figure the european telecom market, walter komarek ceo angel investment and president and managing partner forbesfone (the largest maltese telecom company). walter komarek engaged telecom, new technologies and blockchain startups. having graduated from the university salzburg, walter komarek has proficient expertise business strategy and business development. zhao dong investor founder dfund majored software engineering from dalian jiaotong university chairman galaxy investment ltd, the largest bitcoin otc trading platform china early blockchain investor, used operate one the largest bitcoin mines china years experience software development, and was founder and cto ink weather andy tian advisor ceo and co-founder asia innovations group philippe bouaziz advisor founder prodware group co-founded aig, whose flagship product uplive the highest monetizing mobile live video platform across apac and middle east philippe known one the leading tech personas europe and israel, sitting numerous advisory boards for engineering and business schools previously zynga china and also led google's mobile business china founded prodware group global solutions company (epa: alpro) which has served customers countries head the gifto project and successfully launched the gifto ico oliver advisor partner draper dragon fund over years experience with companies such sino-century, withub vc, and south river capital placed successful investments software, semiconductor, gaming sectors, such jiaoda withub (hk hyron software (shenzhen actions semiconductor (nasdaq acts), and wind (financial data service company) luca nichetto advisor founder and ceo nichetto studio world renown art and industrial designer who has won international prizes, including the gran design award, the good design award, the product design award, and the elle designer the year award art director for numerous design brands, exhibitions and competitions europe, the us, and japan matthew cheng advisor founder and managing partner cherubic ventures justin sun investor founder tron omer ozden advisor legal counsel zhenfund and dfund expert and founder cherubic ventures, whose portfolio includes coinbase, flexport, virgin hyperloop one, wish, ring, tiange interactive, liulishuo, and pinkoi founded and successfully launched the tron (trx) platform and ico international securities lawyer with years experience vcpe, ipo's, m&a, fund formation, and securities regulation founding member tian interactive (:hk), china's largest live social video platform selected china's "top under list from cyzon david zhu investor advisor cofounder block community dacc foundation partner serial entrepreneur the social media and social networks space pioneer the china mobile messaging space and founder companies such tongxue.com founder vinci smart headphones, world's first standalone headphones with built-in founding partner roark fund which has invested over blockchain projects founder and ceo peiwo, app aspiring become china's snapchat and has recorded more than billion chats date was named davos global shaper and was also formerly the representative ripple china has worked with netease, alibaba, baidu, new oriental, suntech, e-long and their investors, including softbank, goldman sachs, dragontech, warburg pincus and merrill lynch previously partner baker mckenzie llp and led the china securities transactional team financings, ipos and securities compliance jia tian investor advisor chief scientist bitfund.pe and metropolis industry veteran and former senior developer baidu and alibaba currently serves the chief scientist bitfund.pe, bitcoin fund which was founded xiaolai and has been dedicated supporting the bitcoin community since mr. tian also advisor multiple blockchain tech startups such iost, data, hydro, and more haobo investor aelf ceo founder ceo founder aelf, decentralized cloud computing blockchain network. aelf currently has market cap over usd ceo founder hoopox which develops blockchain service solutions cto co-founder gempay, china's first bitcoin payment company member blockchain expert committee china electronic association, and member blockchain professional committee china computer society hong investor founder community founder kfund founder qygame founder community, the largest blockchain community wechat launched kfund, professional investment agency focused exploring global blockchain innovation opportunities established beijing qingyun interactive technology co., and has launched number s-level page tour products elected one the top ten figures zhongguancun roy investor advisor ruffchain ceo fudan university master tutor former director technology for nokia (north america), responsible for the development ovi development platform and symbian operating system provides security consulting services for companies such symantec and verisign has provided end-to-end consulting for ico projects such tnb, rnt, rct, aidoc, pst, red, ruff quan investor advisor dfund partner kevin advisor founder blockvc huang investor co-founder and ceo mailtime well known investor the the digital currency sector and provides end-to-end investment banking services for blockchain and ico projects previously worked dragonmind group, venture capital, private equity, and m&a firm beijing serial entrepreneur and founder mobile communication companies talkbox and mailtime, which recently came out combinator (w) has advised many blockchain and ico projects, including tnb, qash, aelf, cybermiles, llt, mobilecoin, beechat, and more grace fan advisor brink asset ceo graduated from the department business management, university british columbia director ruffchain internet serial entrepreneur with years experience sales and marketing iot enthusiast, charge several iot operations projects held positions credit suisse and wecash focused data science and machine learning chairman blockchain investment academy (bia) wenxing investor advisor dfund partner well known investor digital currency creator the top podcaster china with over million views daily co-founded and launched successful ico for mdt (measurable data token) ray investor managing partner skychee 'ventures former and partner cybernaut capital management former managing director hp's new business ventures. veteran cisco systems, and held several senior positions leading investment, m&a, and internal incubation dual m.b.a. degree from berkeley and columbia kathy chen advisor former ceo twitter greater china dou wang investor founder jic capital currently works area vice president and cloud company citrix blockchain robot inventor. previously general manager the sms&p greater china team and general manager cloud and enterprise product group microsoft invested more than blockchain projects all over the world with high returns. global community operations expert. previously general manager eastern china region cisco institutional participants the dacc proud have the support the venture capital and blockchain investment communities. disclaimer dacc foundation does not make, and hereby disclaims, any representation warranty with respect dacc tokens (such merchantability fitness for particular purposes), except those expressly specified this white paper. each participant's decision participate the dacc token sale and purchase any dacc token shall made based his/her own knowledge the dacc platform and dacc tokens and the information disclosed this white paper. without prejudice the generality the foregoing, each participant will, upon the launch the platform, accept dacc tokens "as is" basis, irrespective the technical specifications, parameters, performance function thereof. this whitepaper may amended from time time and the foundation and distributor shall under obligation inform you such amendment. you should read carefully this whitepaper, and any amended version thereto, including the final version this whitepaper, may published http://dacc.co. dacc foundation hereby expressly disclaims its liability and refuse liable for the following liabilities: any person's purchase dacc tokens violation any anti-money laundering, counter-terrorism financing other regulatory requirements that are imposed any jurisdiction; any claims breach intellectual property rights result any content shared the content provider the dacc platform; any person's purchase dacc tokens violation any representation, warranty, obligation, covenant other provision under this white paper, which results the failure paying and withdrawing dacc tokens; termination the dacc token crowdsale for any reason; failure termination the dacc platform's development which results the failure deliver dacc tokens; delay rescheduling the dacc platform's development and resulting failure meet any published schedules; any error, flaw, defect other issues the source code the dacc platform; any malfunction, breakdown, collapse, rollback hard forking the original public chain the dacc platform replies on; utilization the proceeds raised through the dacc token sale; failure promptly and completely disclose any information relating the development the dacc platform; any participant's divulgence, loss destruction the private key his/her wallet for cryptocurrency cryptographic (in particular the private key the dacc token wallet); any default, breach, infringement, breakdown, collapse, service suspension interruption, fraud, mishandling, misconduct, malpractice, negligence, bankruptcy, insolvency, dissolution winding-up any third-party crowdfunding dacc platform exchange for dacc token; any difference, conflict contradiction between this white paper and the agreement between any participant and any third party crowdfunding portal; trading speculation dacc tokens any person; listing delisting dacc tokens from any exchange; dacc tokens being classified treated any government, quasi-government, authority public body type currency, securities, commercial paper, negotiable instrument, investment instrument otherwise that results being banned, regulated subject certain legal restrictions; any damage, loss, claim, liability, punishment, cost other adverse impact that caused by, associated with, connection with, incidental relevant the risk factors disclosed this white paper. this conceptual white paper describing our proposed dacc. this whitepaper may amended replaced any time. there are obligations update this whitepaper provide recipients with access any information beyond what provided this whitepaper. readers are notified follows: not available all persons. the dacc platform and dacc tokens are not available all persons. participation may subject certain restrictions and requirements, including the need provide certain information and documents. offer regulated products any jurisdiction. dacc tokens are not intended constitute securities any other regulated product any jurisdiction. this whitepaper does not constitute prospectus nor offer document any sort and not intended constitute offer solicitation securities any regulated product any jurisdiction. this whitepaper has not been reviewed any regulatory authority any jurisdiction. advice. this whitepaper does not constitute advice relation whether you should participate the dacc platform acquire any dacc tokens. nor should this whitepaper relied upon with any contract purchasing decision relation the dacc platform and dacc tokens. representations warranties. representations warranties are made the accuracy completeness the information, statements, opinions, other matters described this document otherwise communicated connection with the dacc project. without limitation, representation warranty given the achievement reasonableness any forward-looking conceptual statements. nothing this document should relied upon promise representation the future. the fullest extent permitted under applicable law, all liability for any loss damage whatsoever, whether foreseeable not, arising from connection with any person acting this white paper any aspect it, notwithstanding any negligence, default, lack care, disclaimed. the extent liability may restricted but not fully disclaimed, restricted the maximum extent permitted applicable law. english version prevails. this whitepaper provided official english version. any translation for reference purposes only and not certified any person. there any inconsistency between translation and the english version this white paper, then the english version prevails. the dacc development team and dacc foundation will strive make the dacc project successful possible. however, digital assets and platforms involve risk, and success not guaranteed. prospective dacc users and dacc token holders must assess their risks and their ability bear those risks. addition, all necessary professional advice, including relation tax and accounting treatment, must taken prior participating the dacc platform. notice residents the united states the offer and sale this token has not been registered under the u.s. securities act amended (the "securities act"), under the laws certain states this token should not taken securities. this token may not offered, sold otherwise transferred, pledged hypothecated except permitted under the act and applicable state laws pursuant effective registration statement exemption therefrom. notice residents canada unless permitted under legislation, the holder this token must not trade the token before the date that the issuer becomes reporting issuer any province territory canada. notice residents china the tokens are not being offered sold and may not offered sold, directly indirectly, within the people's republic china (for such purposes, not including the hong kong and macau special administrative regions taiwan), except permitted the laws and regulations the people's republic china. notice residents the united kingdom the united kingdom this document being distributed only to, and directed only at,: (i) investment professionals (within the meaning article the financial services and markets act (financial promotion) order amended (the ''fpo'')); (ii) persons entities kind described article the fpo; (iii) certified sophisticated investors (within the meaning article the fpo); and (iv) other persons whom may otherwise lawfully communicated (all such persons together being referred ''relevant persons''). notice residents other countries all participants must ensure that they are permitted the laws their countries purchase dacc tokens. dacc foundation will only ensure that the dacc platform legal and compliant with the law the issuing country but will not ensure all other countries adopt use similar laws, especially the event that the participant use other methods avoid relevant laws intentionally hide from any relevant legislations. dacc foundation will not liable for this. this document has not been approved authorised person. any information which this document relates available only relevant person. this document only for relevant persons and non relevant persons shall not take any action based this document nor should he/she/they rely it. condition you receiving and retaining this document that you warrant the dacc foundation, its directors, and its officers that you are relevant person. dacc foundation's social media and email platform are places where encourage interaction, discussion, organization and participation between users the community, fact anyone interested the product dacc foundation. whilst make reasonable efforts monitor participation ensure that discussions are related products that are made available the community, there may situations where are not position monitor all statements, comments and views made every user. ask that you're respectful your comments. reserve the right remove anything deem abusive personal attacks, material that unlawful, obscene, defamatory, threatening, harassing, abusive, slanderous, hateful embarrassing any other entity persons, third party advertising, chain letters 'spams'. please aware that anything posted may potentially read thousands (or hundreds thousands) even years from now. therefore, users should exercise cautions when posting any our social media sites. also reserve the right terminate involvement users who post such content. the views and opinions expressed any social media sites ours not necessarily represent those dacc foundation. therefore, cannot held responsible for the accuracy reliability information posted external parties. any information posted any our social media platforms should not considered financial, legal, accounting other professional advice. for your safety, never include your phone number, email, address other personal information post. your comments are visible all. certain information set forth our website and other documents may contain "forward-looking information", including "future oriented financial information" and "financial outlook", under any applicable laws and regulations (collectively referred herein forward-looking statements). except for statements historical fact, information contained herein constitutes forward-looking statements and includes, but not limited to, the (i) projected financial performance dacc token; (ii) completion of, and the use proceeds from, the sale dacc token being offered during the token sale; (iii) the expected development the business, projects and joint ventures; (iv) execution dacc token's vision and growth strategy, including with respect future m&a activity and global growth; (v) sources and availability third-party financing for dacc foundation's projects; (vi) completion the platform's projects that are currently underway, development otherwise under consideration; (vii) renewal the platform's current customer, supplier and other material agreements; and (viii) future liquidity, working capital, and capital requirements. forward-looking statements are provided allow potential participants the opportunity understand management's beliefs and opinions respect the future that they may use such beliefs and opinions one factor evaluating investment. these statements are not guarantees future performance and undue reliance should not placed them. such forward-looking statements necessarily involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties, which may cause actual performance and financial results future periods differ materially from any projections future performance result expressed implied such forward-looking statements. for further explanation the risk involved the dacc platform's community please consult the documents issued dacc foundation. although forward-looking statements contained this presentation are based upon what management dacc foundation believes are reasonable assumptions, there can assurance that forward-looking statements will prove accurate, actual results and future events could differ materially from those anticipated such statements. the dacc platform undertakes obligation update forward-looking statements circumstances management's estimates opinions should change except required applicable securities laws. the reader cautioned not place undue reliance forward-looking statements. risk factors there are number risks involved this dacc token sale, well the future development, maintenance and running dacc platform. some these risks are beyond the control the dacc foundation and the dacc foundation's liability limited set out the disclaimers. each participant should comprehend, consider and evaluate carefully the risks described below addition any other available information before committing the dacc project. each participant should pay particular attention the fact that the dacc platform does not have any specific physical presence. addition, the legal and regulatory position dacc platform may vary depending the facts and circumstances. they may therefore fall within the purview one more jurisdictions, least some extent, and the legal and regulatory implications may therefore unexpected. participation the dacc project shall taken action after careful and prudent analysis and evaluation, and will deemed the relevant participant having been fully informed, advised and willing bear all the risks associated with it. amendment termination the dacc project the date this white paper, the dacc foundation still seeking legal advice number matters including but not limited the governance structure, operational plan and the dacc token sale process. pending such advice, some all aspects the the white paper and other materials may need amended from time time and the dacc foundation and distributor shall under obligation inform you such amendment. you should read carefully this white paper, and any amended version thereto, including the final version this white paper, may published http://dacc.co, announced the dacc website. the participant should aware the risks associated with any possible changes, which may have adverse effects the utility and legitimacy dacc token. limited availability sufficient information the dacc platform still early development phase the date these white paper. its governance structure, fees, purpose, consensus mechanism, algorithm, code, infrastructure design and other technical specifications and parameters may updated and changed frequently without notice. while the white paper contains the key information currently available relation dacc platform, subject adjustments and updates from time time, announced the website. participants will not have full access all the information relevant dacc. nevertheless, given the nature the dacc platform, anticipated that significant milestones and progress reports will announced the website, together with subscription options applicable. immediate use token sale proceeds and refund policy initially the dacc foundation will operate with limited funding and will therefore rely heavily the dacc token sale proceeds raised the dacc project order develop the dacc platform and the operation the dacc foundation. participating the dacc foundation you acknowledge that the dacc foundation shall entitled utilize the proceeds raised immediately and, the event that the development the dacc platform terminated for whatever reason, you will not entitled refund the part the proceeds that were spent already the dacc foundation. regulatory measures cryptographic tokens may overseen the legal and regulatory authorities number jurisdictions globally. the dacc foundation may receive notices, queries, warnings, requests rulings from one more authorities upon short notice, may even ordered suspend terminate any action connection with the dacc project whole without prior notice. furthermore, many aspects dacc token also involve untested areas law and regulation, and could subject new laws regulations. therefore, their legal and regulatory outcome all relevant jurisdictions not possible predict. the planning, development, marketing, promotion, execution otherwise dacc platform the dacc project may seriously affected, hindered, postponed terminated result such new laws and/or regulations. since regulatory policies can change with without prior notice, any existing regulatory permissions for tolerance dacc token the dacc project any jurisdiction may withdrawn without warning. dacc token could deemed from time time virtual commodity, digital asset even money, securities currency various jurisdictions and therefore could prohibited from being sold, purchased, traded, distributed held certain jurisdictions pursuant local regulations. turn, the dacc platform could deemed regulated restricted product. there guarantee that dacc token and dacc platform can maintain any particular legal regulatory status any particular jurisdiction any time. cryptographic protections cryptography evolving and there can guarantee security all times. advancement cryptography technologies and techniques, including but not limited code cracking, the development artificial intelligence and/or quantum computers, could identified risks all cryptography-based and/or blockchain based systems including dacc token and dacc platform. when such technologies and/or techniques are applied dacc token and dacc platform, adverse outcomes such theft, loss, disappearance, destruction, devaluation compromising dacc token may result. the security dacc token and dacc platform cannot guaranteed the future cryptography security innovations unpredictable. abandonment development failure due the technically complex nature the dacc platform, the dacc foundation could face difficulties from time time that may unforeseeable and/or unresolvable. accordingly, the development dacc platform could fail, terminate delayed any time for any reason (including but not limited lack funds). development failure termination may render dacc token not transferable, reduced utility whatsoever, and/or obsolete. theft token sale proceeds there may attempts steal the dacc token sale proceeds. such theft attempted theft may impact the ability the dacc foundation fund the development maintenance dacc token and dacc platform. while the dacc foundation will endeavour adopt industry best practices keep the token sale proceeds safe (including but not limited the use cold storage and multi-signature authentications), successful cyber thefts may still occur. flaw the source code while the dacc foundation adopts quality assurance procedures help ensure the source codes accurately possible reflect their intended operation, the flawlessness the source codes cannot guaranteed. they may contain bugs, defects, inconsistencies, flaws errors, which may disable some functionality, create vulnerabilities cause instability. such flaws may compromise the predictability, usability, stability, and/or security the dacc token and dacc platform. open source codes rely transparency promote community-sourced identification and solution problems within the code. unpermissioned, decentralized and autonomous ledger the dacc platform being developed serve various distributed ledger systems including but not limited ethereum, which are unpermissioned protocols that could accessed and used anyone. addition the use decentralized ledgers, the dacc foundation intends make use supporting technologies that also operate decentralized ledgers. the utility and integrity the dacc platform relies the stability, security and popularity these decentralized ledgers. dacc platform envisaged open, decentralized community and its composition can include users, supporters, developers, dacc token holders and other participants worldwide who may may not connected with the dacc foundation any manner. given the diversity the underlying technologies, the dacc platform intended decentralized and autonomous nature far its maintenance, governance and evolution are concerned. compromised security the dacc platform relies open source software and unpermissioned decentralised distributed ledgers including but not limited ethereum. accordingly, anyone may intentionally unintentionally compromise the core infrastructural elements dacc platform and its underlying technologies. this may consequently result the loss any digital tokens held the dacc token wallet and may cause the utility dacc token fall. distributed denial service" attacks open source project, dacc platform connected number public and unpermissioned systems and therefore may suffer cyber-attacks, including "distributed denial service" any time. these attacks may temporarily permanently impair, stagnate paralyze the network the dacc platform system. this may result delays the recording transactions inclusion transactions the blocks the relevant blockchain. severe cases, dacc platform may also become unusable for extensive and undefined period time inadequacy processing power the ramp the dacc platform may accompanied sharp increases transaction numbers and demand for processing power. the demand for processing power outgrows that forecasted, the network the dacc platform could destabilized and/or stagnated. this may create opportunities for fraudulent activities including but not limited false unauthorized transactions (such "double-spending") arise. all these may adversely impact the usability, stability and security the dacc platform. unauthorized claim dacc token dacc token can claimed bad faith any person who successfully gains access the holder's wallet, email applicable, the participants account they have registered the website. this can result deciphering cracking the holder's password private key, phishing scams and/or other hacking techniques. subsequently, these dacc tokens may sent anyone and such remittance not revocable reversible. recommended that all dacc token holders should take appropriate security measures safeguard their wallets (including but not limited the use two-factor authentication). each dacc token holder responsible for the security their wallet, email and verification account the website all times. loss private key the loss destruction private key will permanently and irreversibly deny the holder access their dacc token. dacc token are controlled only the validation both the relevant unique public and private keys through the local online wallet. while recommended that all dacc token holders protect and securely store their private keys, each holder responsible for safeguarding the private keys applicable their own wallets. forking dacc token developed the ethereum blockchain, which open source protocol. once released the open source community, anyone may develop patch upgrade for the source code ethereum without prior permission anyone else. the acceptance patches upgrades significant, but not necessarily overwhelming percentage the ethereum holders could result "fork" the ethereum blockchain. the temporary permanent existence forked blockchains could adversely impact the operation dacc platform and the utility dacc tokens. such fork can undermine the sustainability dacc platform ecosystem, and may destroy frustrate the dacc platform. while fork the blockchain could possibly rectified community-led efforts re-merge the two separate branches, success not guaranteed and could take undetermined amount time achieve. popularity the utility dacc token dependent the popularity the dacc platform. dacc token may not popular, prevalent widely distributed after the token launch. dacc token may remain marginalized the long run, appealing only minimal fraction users. also, may the case that speculators could end being key drivers dacc token demand. absence active users low level utilization may negatively affect the long-term development and future the dacc platform, and reduce obviate the utility dacc token. market liquidity after the dacc token launch, the dacc foundation not responsible for the subsequent circulation and trading (if any) dacc token. dacc token not money, legal tender currency, fiat otherwise, issued any individual, entity, central bank national, supra-national quasi-national organization, nor backed any type quantity assets, property credits, nor does represent any entitlement any distributions profits, dividends, any other returns payments any kind. the utility dacc token solely based the views expressed buyers and sellers. there obligation the dacc foundation nor anyone else redeem, repurchase acquire any dacc token from any dacc token holder. there guarantee assurance that there may market where holders may readily trade dacc token. price volatility the circulation dacc token not the responsibility the dacc foundation, and the dacc foundation will not support otherwise facilitate the secondary trading dacc token. result, dacc tokens may not circulate freely widely, and may not listed any secondary markets. many cryptographic tokens have volatile prices. even dacc token circulate secondary markets, large fluctuations price over short timeframes may occur. such fluctuations could result from market dynamics (including but not limited speculations), regulatory changes, technical advancements, exchange availabilities and other factors that impact the equilibrium between token supply and demand. dacc foundation's exposure cryptographic tokens after the completion this dacc token sale, the dacc foundation expects that certain portion the proceeds may converted into and/or held other cryptocurrencies cryptographic utility tokens. the dacc foundation expects convert appropriate proportion cryptographic utility tokens received into fiat currencies the sole and absolute discretion the directors the dacc foundation. for the avoidance doubt, dacc token holder has any right, title interest any such fiat currencies and/or cryptographic tokens. conflict interests the initial supplier and architect the dacc platform, the dacc foundation has substantial influence the set-up, governance and initial operations the dacc foundation. the dacc foundation may undertake its activities, and exercise applicable rights, powers and remedies, even this involves actual perceived conflict duty, any person has personal interest their exercise. potential concentrated ownership dacc tokens immediately after the completion the dacc project, number individuals, including but not limited the directors, advisors and early backers the dacc foundation, may directly indirectly own significant proportion total available dacc tokens. these significant dacc token holders may, acting alone concert, not necessarily make decisions that are the best interests the other dacc token holders the wider dacc platform community whole. potential competitors the dacc platform's underlying infrastructural systems will utilise public decentralized ledger which are open source nature. therefore, anyone can copy, replicate, change, enhance, reproduce, re-engineer, modify, reprogram otherwise utilize the source code and/or underlying protocol the dacc platform. while the dacc foundation proceeding with various filings for patent and trademark protection for various components dacc platform and will defend its intellectual property rights, should breach such intellectual property rights take place. the dacc foundation cannot guarantee the prevention competitors from entering the market with similar technology. should this happen, such competitors may consequently compete with even outperform the dacc platform, and may render the dacc platform obsolete. there have been and will continue number competing blockchain-based platforms that dedicate significant human, information technology and financial resources the creation and deployment various decentralized applications and/or smart contracts. third party developers and suppliers virtue its decentralized factor, dacc platform will aggregate systems and contents from third parties. these will provided third parties, including users the dacc community, shall from other decentralized ledger projects open source technologies. some all these third-party applications, programs services may connect into set dacc platform which are beyond the dacc foundation's restriction, vetting, authorization control. the dacc foundation neither intends nor has the capabilities act authority scrutinize any extent any applications, programs services developed on, connected otherwise associated with the dacc platform. potential misuse dacc platform its technologies and brand services programs which may banned, restricted deemed immoral certain jurisdictions, such gambling, betting, sweepstake, pornography, terrorism, hate crime and otherwise, could take advantage the unpermissioned nature dacc platform develop, promote, market operate. regulators number jurisdictions may accordingly take administrative judicial actions against such programs, applications, services even the relevant developers users thereof. any penal action, sanction, crackdown other regulatory effort made any government, quasi-government, authority public body (including but not limited any regulatory body any jurisdiction) may significantly deter existing potential users away from using dacc platform holding dacc token. such circumstances, the prospects and viability dacc platform may negatively impacted. there guarantee that the dacc platform will free from all inappropriate, illegal immoral use any time. privacy and data retention issues part the dacc token sale, the verification processes and the subsequent operation the dacc platform, the dacc foundation may collect personal information from participants. the collection such information subject applicable laws and regulations. all information collected will used for purposes token sale and operations the dacc platform, thus may transferred contractor, service providers and consultants worldwide appointed the dacc foundation. apart from external compromises, the dacc foundation and its appointed entities may also suffer from internal security breach whereby their employees may misappropriate, misplace lose personal information participants. the dacc foundation may required expend significant financial resources alleviate problems caused any breaches losses, settle fines and resolve inquiries from regulatory government authorities. any information breaches losses will also damage the dacc foundation's reputations, thereby harming its long-term prospects. general risks relating the use the internet other electronic medium without limiting the foregoing risks, any communication transaction via information (including any document) transmitted via the internet other electronic medium involves risks and participating the dacc project utilizing the dacc platform, you acknowledge that you understand and accept the following risks: and/or third parties may use such authentication technologies deem appropriate. authentication, verification computer security technology completely secure safe. you agree bear all risks unauthorized access/use, hacking identity theft. the internet other electronic media (including without limitation electronic devices, services third party telecom service providers such mobile phones other handheld trading devices interactive voice response systems) are inherently unreliable form communication. any information (including any document) transmitted, communication transactions made, over the internet through other electronic media (including electronic devices, services third party telecom service providers such mobile phones other handheld trading devices interactive voice response systems) may subject interruption, transmission blackout, delayed transmission due data volume, internet traffic, market volatility incorrect data transmission (including incorrect price quotation) stoppage result such unreliability: there may time-lags, delays, failures loss data loss confidentiality the transmission data and receipt communications; and while the dacc foundation may believe certain data reliable, there may independent basis for verify contradict the accuracy completeness such data. this not exhaustive list all the consequences arising from such unreliability. participants are solely responsible for preventing anything which may harmful any equipment that they use connection with dacc token the dacc platform (including any computer virus, malicious program harmful component) from affecting any such equipment, regardless whether originated connection with dacc token the dacc platform. tax matters relating dacc foundation's operations tax laws and regulations are highly complex and subject interpretation. consequently, the foundation subject changes tax laws, treaties and regulations. dacc foundation's income tax expense based upon its interpretation the tax laws effect the time when the expense was incurred. change these tax laws, treaties regulations, the interpretation thereof, which beyond the foundation's control, could result materially higher tax expense, which turn may limit the financial resources available the foundation. also, the dacc foundation actively solicits interests for the dacc project multiple jurisdictions, such solicitations may lead increased tax exposures for the dacc foundation. addition, the dacc foundation's tax payments may subject review investigation tax authorities from time time. any tax authority successfully challenges the dacc foundation's operational structure, the dacc foundation loses material tax dispute, any tax challenge the dacc foundation's tax payments successful, the dacc foundation's tax liabilities could increase substantially and the dacc foundation's financial resources could adversely impaired. tax matters relating participation the dacc project participation the dacc project may have tax reporting implications and liabilities for participants from certain jurisdictions. such liabilities shall borne the participants alone and all participants are advised consult their tax advisors prior participating the dacc project. personal connections with particular jurisdictions residents, tax residents persons having relevant connection with certain jurisdictions are excluded from the dacc token sale. changes participant's place domicile the applicable law may result participant violating legal regulatory requirements the applicable jurisdiction. purchasers are responsible for ensuring that the delivery, holding, use exchange dacc token is, and remains lawful despite changes applicable laws, residence and circumstances. incomplete information regarding the dacc platform participants will not have full access all the information relevant dacc token and/or dacc platform. the dacc foundation not required update participants the progress dacc platform. further dacc token sales and development and sale additional tokens the dacc foundation may, from time time, and without prior notice consultation, sell additional dacc token outside the dacc token sale from dacc token's reserve. further, the dacc foundation may develop and sell additional dacc token respect the dacc platform, otherwise raise funding for the dacc platform through any other means deems necessary. purchasers will not necessarily receive notice the sale additional dacc token any other tokens fundraising means. breach intellectual property rights the dacc foundation and dacc platform will endeavour monitor the content shared content providers and users avoid any breach intellectual property rights. there guarantee that the content the dacc platform will not subject any claims will not breach any intellectual property rights.