dacsee global decentralized ride-sharing platform serving empowering everyone white paper version contents abstract introduction industry challenges dacsee approach fulfilling market needs system elements implementation dacsee token the ico roadmap abstract the dacsee platform decentralized ride-sharing platform that empowers drivers create their own autonomous ride-hailing service, take control their data, and grow their own businesses. well pay their initial driver start-up fees the form cryptocurrency token the ethereum blockchain, while processing fares from passengers with the same token any other traditional fiat method. dacsee's unique social design allows expand virally without assistance control from any corporate entity. the peer-to-peer payment methods, growth system, and drivers' ability grow their own network drivers and passengers allow dacsee spread and grow rapidly new markets around the world, disrupting the current monopolistic competitors. *disclaimer: part this document presents describes any investment vehicle, possible security, any jurisdiction. any dacsee products information designed solely explain the technology being developed and the process public release. contributions are made your own risk and discretion and earn you rights any company shares anything similar nature introduction ride-hailing has existed since the dawn the vehicle, when early fuel stations were scarce and travelers would have pool their resources and share seats reach their destination together. modern times, this need has been further serviced with gps-powered applications that match travelers and drivers real-time, creating entire economies that had never existed such way while modern ride-hailing applications have created new solutions the basic human need for traveling, their proliferation has also resulted market controlled unsustainable, power-grabbing corporations that disenfranchise the riders and passengers, and take enormous and regularly increasing fees from both sides every transaction. dacsee returns the power and control the people, utilizing the newest trends and technology decentralization and cryptocurrency create self-regulating and self-expanding ride-sharing network that requires central authority and therefore middleman fees. this peer-to-peer system pairs the sharing economy with the ride-hailing economy, empowering drivers create their own incomes number new ways, while expanding virally into markets that have date been inaccessible centrally-run ride-hailing services. the core the dacsee project ethereum-based token that allows for the decentralization payment, driver deposits and many the other empowering features the platform. utility the token grows proportion the expansion the platform and the initial sale the tokens will fund the development and growth initiatives the project. harvard business school uber changing how the world moves http://www.hbs.edu/faculty/pages/item.aspx?num= forbes new uber price rising http://fortune.com////uber-new-pricing-angry-drivers industry challenges unsustainable costs every emerging market experiences growing pains and the ride-hailing apps sector different. today run handful giant companies that receive excessive funding from venture capitalists and even governments which they use subsidize fare prices, artificially deflate passenger's costs, and ultimately create unsustainable bubbles that seriously harm the drivers after the inevitable pop ride-hailing gap the ride-hailing movement has left traditional taxi businesses struggling, they are unable compete with the massive subsidies venture capitalist-funded platforms taxis exist many forms around the world, from cars powered carts and there currently opportunity for them join the ride-hailing movement. they are left with only being able undercut it. driver costs drivers face significant upfront investment cost when they purchase new compliant vehicle for the app, and these costs are increasingly difficult recoup once the subsidies stop. the market has now become oversaturated with drivers who are left with greatly reduced income, and must scurry frantically for any fares available market overrun with competition. government friction governments have been large point friction for ride-hailing apps they try enter new countries. companies have been plagued complications with taxes with the corporations refusing pay their fair share. dacsee has complete compliance plan designed for each country pursuing which includes crypto-wallet that filled smart contract use next-generation technology that automates the collection taxes from the rides that take place the platform. these plans allow dacsee become major player new markets very quickly, minimizing common governmental friction points. grab funding from large public entities https://www.reuters.com/article/us-grab-funding/uber-rival-grab raising--billion-from-softbank-chinas-didi-wsj-iduskbnzk bbc secrets silicon valley: ridesharing http://www.bbc.co.uk/programmes/bghz the washington post subsidising prices ridesharing https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/the-switch/wp////ubers-controversial-strategy-to-finally-defeat-lyft/?utm_term=.ac dacsee approach the current problems today's ride-hailing giants can reversed returning the power back the individuals and offering network structure that allows for growth and natural and sustainable business flow. dacsee provides the tools for the individuals take charge their part the marketplace, and them doing the platform and economy grows well. while there must team developing the software, the network itself designed open and sustainable fashion where needs central company for its core operations. the growth elements built-in the dacsee platform will help incentivize participants their own grassroots marketing and development, allowing the platform grow rapidly, yet organically. open source technology cornerstone the dacsee operation, allowing the public audit review, and extend the codebase for the application well its lower layers. going open source also allows for the platform exist without any single point control weakness, while allowing the public take the dacsee application any direction the future, markets expand and future technologies become available. the dacsee foundation maintains public github organization account where all libraries and source code for the dacsee project are held. dacsee's hybrid-decentralized operating structure allows them operate market run corporate competitors while still maintaining streamlined and community-owned design. dacsee has been and will continue developed the highly capable malaysian company development team who have successfully taken the concept from idea several iterations functional products.. through these key design decisions, the dacsee platform brings new ethos the ride-sharing economy while solving many the glaring issues that have arisen from the current system centralized, corporate control all parties. the growth the dacsee platform does not contribute the bottom line profit-seeking company, but instead supports the overall value inherent the system itself, both via better driver income and reduced passenger fares. tech republic key open source security benefits http://www.techrepublic.com/blog/it-security/key-open-source-security-benefits dacsee token allocation dacsee total token supply ,,, dacsee reserved tokens dacsee driver token demand dacsee token total price ,,, dacsee market capitalisation ppt ,,, number drivers angel round token amount ico token amount ppt price per token pre-ico token amount fulfilling market needs with dacsee this opportunity accelerated the removal service fees that can exceed having evolved from the natural system car sharing, the ride-sharing model has uncovered many secondary benefits for society and the planet addition creating more efficient travel experience throughout major cities and provides economic opportunities for all types drivers. environmentally cleaner the worldwide trend toward decentralized services and greater efficiency continues, fewer cars may need made, decreasing the amount metals and plastics that must extracted created from the earth process that has many harmful effects this lowers humanity's global footprint considerably and helps the world move towards cleaner and more sustainable path. addition, with every car removed from the road due the sharing rides much less pollution released into the atmosphere, reducing greenhouse gases and global warming. economic opportunity with modern advances network and information technology the sharing economy continues creep into every micro-facet society, opening new opportunities for increased sharing and income streams from everyday assets. this particularly true the ride-sharing economy, anyone able earn income from their personal vehicle they please. with dacsee this opportunity accelerated the emoval service fees that can exceed these business opportunities were previously only available incorporated and bonded taxi companies, creating very high barrier entry. now this level business accessible anyone with smartphone and safe modern vehicle, which significantly increases the global opportunity. decreased traffic congestion every individual that doesn't drive removes another car from the road. ride-sharing drivers play major mit.edu environmental effects mining http://web.mit.edu/./www/m/finalwebsite/problems/mining.html forbes uber tests taking even more from drivers with commission -https://www.forbes.com/sites/ellenhuet////uber-new-uberx-tiered-commission--percent part the reduction total cars the road much this reduction decreases traffic congestion cities around the world and allows for much safer and fluid transportation system overall. additionally, full-time ride-sharing drivers are known safer than the average driver they have many times more hours behind the wheel, since their full-time profession. this uses the natural economic force specialization make cities safer and decrease overall traffic waiting times. saving lives even with technological advances vehicle safety features, vehicle accidents are still the leading cause death for younger people many parts the world having fewer drivers the road and increasing the percentage specialized safer operators can have immensely favourable impact the amount accidents that happen,.helping ensure the safety local communities. less parking space required parking lots can account for land developed areas and have become staple the landscapes cities and suburbs the western world this creates massive impact the ecology the planet, decreases the amount carbon-removing plants, absorbs more sunlight into the earth and reflects more heat back into the atmosphere. fewer unused cars lowers the need for parking lots, allowing new city plans come life. civil engineers and safety planners are already planning for the impact and opportunities being brought ride-sharing and eventually autonomous vehicles stepping stone autonomous future transportation and autonomy technologies are advancing rapidly, and are being tested and discussed quite publicly :an increasing amount industry experts are expecting widespread adoption autonomous vehicles within years which will have significant impacts the ride-sharing economy. dacsee prepared for these advancements, having already undergone planning phases for allowing its system empower future users earn their own commission from their own autonomous vehicle(s) fight the attempted corporate takeover that being planned the current incumbents mercury news study: uber, lyft carpool services could reduce traffic -http://www.mercurynews.com////study-uber-lyft-carpool-services-could-reduce-traffic-by--percent uber and lyft drivers are safer than the average american driver, according new report http://www.latimes.com/business/technology/la-fi-tn-ride-hailing-safety--snap-story.html who world health organisation road traffic injuries http://www.who.int/mediacentre/factsheets/fs/en/ mentalfloss how much land dedicated parking spaces? http://mentalfloss.com/article//how-much-land-los-angeles-dedicated-parking-spaces times paved, but still alive http://www.nytimes.com////arts/design/taking-parking-lots-seriously-as-public-spaces.html?mcubz= state edu future transportation infrastructure http://newscenter.sdsu.edu/sdsu_newscenter/news_story.aspx?sid= wired uber flails, its self-driving tech rolls https://www.wired.com/story/uber-crisis-self-driving-pittsburgh/ businessinsider elon musk year prediction http://www.businessinsider.my/elon-musk-predicts-most-cars-will-be-driverless-in--years--/?r=usandir=t bloomberg uber's first self-driving fleet arrives pittsburgh https://www.bloomberg.com/news/features/--/uber-s-first-self-driving-fleet-arrives-in-pittsburgh-this-month-isron system elements decentralized expansion through circle friends participation bonus pool and driver verification make driving viral and keep you safe with blockchain ledgers and smart contracts many ride-hailing networks, such uber, grab and lyft, utilize the concept "alphas" "mentors," where current drivers receive one-time recommendation bonus for registering their peers drivers. this system aims create atmosphere accountability among drivers and increase safety for the passengers. dacsee achieves both accountability and security verifying its drivers through novel program called the circle friends participation bonus pool system. the system lets current drivers create network other drivers and passengers who will awarded passive bonuses for various types participation over time. recommending, verifying and assisting new drivers onto the platform, dacsee drivers can create income-producing community network allowing them earn passive bonuses from the circle friends (cof) pool. ride-hailing companies such grab uber collect fees from drivers for every ride they assign. these fees can the cost the ride. dacsee takes very different approach. instead taking these fees from the drivers, the dacsee platform will consolidate the fees into pool; the circle friends participation bonus pool. the dacsee platform then gives out bonuses from the cof pool weighted criteria: existing drivers must validate the documents all drivers they recommend for participation the platform. addition, before they are allowed register the new drivers into their community the current drivers must assist the candidates through background check local authorities. this way the system becomes self-sustaining. this similar mechanism has been tested successfully its previous commercial apps spread virally without incurring significant marketing costs. circle friends pool community network size number ides within the participants circle friends seniority the platform community ratings the dacsee platform built sustainable long term. the circle friends participation bonus pool allows drivers build their own community network. proof-of-stake withholding period the bonuses malaysian startup symple application http://symple.my/ uber tests taking even more from its drivers with commission https://www.forbes.com/sites/ellenhuet////uber-new-uberx-tiered-commission--percent/#cf this creates sustainable system that continually pays bonus drivers during their off-hours upon meeting the minimum number actions. system this type uses micro-transactions and currently not feasible for decentralized network utilizing blockchain, would cost prohibitive dacsee accomplishes this feat utilizing the customized and scalable framework its server backend handle the micro-transactions required for the high volume account balancing. the bonuses received are handled each driver's bonus wallet which can then transferred the cash wallet and withdrawn from regular intervals. figure application circle friends participation pool bonus distribution use smart contracts and tokens reward building the network and keeping quality figure (above) illustrates the flow fees and bonuses distribution the c.o.f. pool. malaysian startup symple application http://symple.my/ decentralized ride monitoring network one the key security features provided the decentralized dacsee network the monitoring rides for emergency notices and driver validation. each driver the core app polls the network for nearby cars random and does verification check between the stored verification credentials hash and the core server. this allows all drivers dacsee into business for themselves, entrepreneurs that are growing not only their own network, but the overall dacsee network well and gaining recurring bonuses the process. blockchain strategy: will refine this process via apis that handle the tokens initially learn what best works the market. after developing model that limits abuse and solves demand and sustainability will add smart-contracts on-chain directly give drivers true lasting security about their passive income. blockchain strategy: key data stored on-chain allow for the possibility evidence log jurisdictions that accept blockchain ledger transactions evidence. they can have the confidence that they are building business with long-term value. saved drivers list passengers will able save lists their favorite most trusted drivers, allowing them select and book their favorite drivers for scheduled last-minute rides. this creates network trust for each individual, which can further expanded drivers recommend other trusted drivers their passengers they are not able assist them that time. blockchain strategy: eputation and feedback are utmost importance online networks encourages deeper engagement and trust within the app for users, and motivates drivers build reliable income streams. drivers reputation goes on-chain (encrypted) allow use for our driver network incentives and app interactions. sustainable passive bonus income intend for drivers the dacsee platform build and grow their own fleet new drivers. they verify and recruit drivers the dacsee network, the new driver then added the original driver's cof network, collectively increasing the drivers' bonuses from the ool transferable and inheritable taxi businesses drivers expand their enterprises described above, they can have the confidence that they are building business with long-term value. all participants, payments, and databases will transferable other verified drivers the network including friends, family, and colleagues. for example, when dacsee driver retires, can hand his ride-sharing business one his colleagues, creating valuable source income for this new driver who excited join dacsee. expect this type legacy and income potential particularly attractive developing countries. blockchain strategy: addition, this transfer option would allow drivers sell their businesses outside interested parties who undergo similar verification newly registered driver. this will eventually transition into on-chain smart contract function. need for reputation online networks https://www.techwyse.com/blog/searchengine-optimization/importance-online-reputation-management-orm figure application technical flow have functioning app, drivers, and series dedicated ethereum sidechains figure (above) depicts the technical flow the application handles all requests, payments and extraneous information being processed passengers, drivers, the local exchange(s) and the dacsee team. the backend consists api engine that continually pulling and pushing data from the secured mongodb. the front end consists two separate but cross compatible applications that were built from the ground the core team for the ios and android mobile operating systems. figure application payment processing flow use the dascee coin settle payments, reward drivers with oil/car service, and automate network rewards figure (above) depicts the flow payments throughout the dacsee network. for every fare that collected the driver, percent enters the dacsee marketing and operations continue expansion and operations and another percent placed the c.o.f. pool, which will also then pays for other peers the system, such driver verifiers and node and security monitoring providers. this example mere percent offers major cost benefits when compared competing ride-hailing systems and returns all revenues back the community. implementation (we have big plans but have been delivering them consistently) phase working prototype initial application ethereum token integration implementation done: we've delivered our prototype, launched alpha token, and have system for token interaction the dacsee ride-sharing platform has several phases its initial public release. these stages occur parallel with the funding rounds, which provide capital that immediately used for development. phase the implementation involves the initial working system prototype, which takes version the software and begins integrate the next-generation token payment features. the ios and android mobile applications the fiat version have been completed and are available for testing. intend for these made completely open-source the dacsee foundation github after the funding rounds have completed. plan for the ethereum payment gateways and exchange integration power the test payments made this stage. here apis and cross-system operability will initialized, setting the stage for the future releases offer complete functionality the fare payment and cof bonus systems. this initial release will lay the foundation for future public releases, which will iterate quickly dacsee scales many global markets. the initial features should completed the core development team before the end the sale periods, allowing rollout begin and the next recruitment steps underway the funds are collected parallel. phase driver and passenger recruitment drive updated app implementation marketing progress: we're recruiting hundreds drivers per day and are running soft beta malaysia the next rollout phase involves dacsee's pre-launch recruitment offerings. before the network goes live, all interested drivers and passengers can refer others the platform and claim them their circle friends network. this creates large user pool for the network before has even been launched. third party integration for local currency conversion ongoing negotiation with local country partners order allow the local transfer dacsee tokens through the application itself. this phase will marketed through contracts with select marketing agencies throughout asia well other cities around the world. we've already experienced the beginning this drivers have been recommending drivers and creating social phenomenon which turned group lunch into drivers within matter weeks. plan for updated version the application released conjunction with this phase along with many tests solidify these parts the system. the functionality the cof system, the bonus wallets, and the dacsee token wallets and various levels third party integration are currently being built and tested anticipation this phase. phase party and off-boarding integration live software launch driver fare participation bonus sidechains for gas cost, mainnet bridge, and individual country tokens programmed follow regulations phase implementation allows for dacsee drivers and passengers begin using the exchange receive their bonuses from their cof network within the application. this important phase facilitates the entire process and the beginning the dacsee platform being able provide networking functionality for all participating community members. the transfer tokens locally with the peer-to-peer wallet would still available, but once drivers and other income earners are able sell their tokens the global markets through the application's integrated online exchange, the speed and efficiency this entire process greatly increased. this period great excitement will accompanied its own marketing initiatives, with large public announcements the direct income that the users the platform are receiving, encouraging new users and dacsee system entrepreneurs onto the platform. are partnering with several marketing groups target markets amplifying the message dacsee, its vision, and the direct income being generated all the empowered individuals using the new platform. this phase will occur after the end the funding rounds once the dacsee tokens have been listed the exchange, and will contribute the growth value the entire network's utility and benefit for society whole. dacsee token immutable, decentralized, and interoperable dacsee's token the decentralized ethereum erc token that drivers will use participate the driving ecosystem cryptographicallysecured, immutable fashion. will distributed all token sale contributors automatically through the ethereum network and will accessible all users online through the dacsee wallet app and the google play store and apple app store. like all erc-compliant tokens, dacsee token may stored and transferred only with ethereum private key and can used across platforms many wallets compatible with ethereum. dacsee token utility token that enables frictionless transactions services the platform. participants must have minimum amount dacsee token before special offerings bonuses can unlocked. foundation reserves from the billion dacsee tokens created, million will held the non-profit dacsee foundation. the foundation will hold these tokens time-locked escrow account allow for price stabilization and will receive them predetermined intervals pays out dacsee developer bonuses and funds long-term marketing, expansion, and outreach efforts. portion the reserve will going the marketing partners strategic markets the platform rolls out globally. addition launch markets thailand and malaysia, markets indonesia, india and indo-china have very active yet underserved ride-hailing economies and large populations unbanked residents. these advantageous conditions, well dacee's internal connections with blueprints for rollout those countries, present ideal opportunities for launching dacsee. the dacsee foundation will thrive financially through the widespread success and adoption the dacsee platform international level. stimulate this expansion the network the foundation will launch initiatives ranging from promotional driver deposit coverage programs direct marketing and advertising campaigns targeted areas. major holder the token, the foundation's long-term success depends its active participation the expansion the token, that the high return may fund further outreach and extend continuous bonuses all participants the platform. dacsee ico kyc/aml required, see: terms token sales total billion dacsee tokens will initially pre-mined the ethereum network, july th, with decimal places divisibility and the total token amount being fixed permanently. there are three official token-based funding rounds for this project, after which time further dacsee tokens will available for purchase initial sale prices, meaning dacsee tokens may purchased only exchanges the future and future market rates. angel round the first round for all angel contributors, who will receive the largest bonus all dacsee tokens that they purchase, bonus the angel round begins october th, and ends november th, this the initial round funding, and involves utilizing the dacsee team's large international network investors, well new investors who decide utilize the dacsee.io angel web portal contribute this early stage, for the added bonuses. this round expected give large financial boost the project, and gather early minimum market price estimates for the dacsee tokens, secure financial base for the future rounds. pre ico the pre-ico round the second round funding, with its own set bonuses for these early contributors. this round broken into three phases, with the first phase offering bonus purchased tokens, the second phase offering bonus and the third final stage offering bonus. the first phase begins the december, and the following phases immediately follow monthly basis, with the third phase completing this round february th, portion the overall tokens will claimed during this round, preparation for the main ico round. these tokens will available through the same web portal dacsee.io, which will updated the end the angel round, and changed page that explicitly lays out all relevant purchase and transaction information for the pre-ico round. ico the main and final round for the dacsee project, the ico round will the most advertised and anticipated token sale round, terms the general public. added bonus will available for this round, but will the final chance for any interested parties join into the funding and initial financial opportunities available for the dacsee ride-hailing platform. the round will sell the remaining tokens from the december, until may st, and will have the lowest minimum contribution, usd value worth cryptocurrency. with previous rounds, the main dacsee.io website will updated clearly explain all processes involved, for contributing either bitcoin ethereum this round. all remaining tokens will sold this round, and many layers the software and project will available for public use, dacsee token are listed integrated they have been funded the previous rounds. cryptocurrency exchanges, following the initial token-based funding rounds. dacsee token tokens will offered for purchase claim during erc-compliant ethereum token, meaning there will the angel, pre-icos and general ico round. there additional technical hurdles overcome for added bonus the ico round, but further any ethereum-compatible cryptocurrency exchanges, application development will available for use and the process listing this token. verification the testing and additional public marketing outreach will token information and relevant team members will conducted contributors' risks are greatly occur for this token added the various minimised this round. this final round will end exchanges, and the preliminary steps are underway july rd, and all dacsee ico tokens will for this process complete successfully. distributed all contributors all rounds date later than july th, exactly two weeks after the conclusion the dacsee contribution period. token distribution roadmap (c) copyright dacsee. all rights reserverd.