the dai stablecoin system whitepaper https://makerdao.com/ the maker team december overview the dai stablecoin system collateralized debt position smart contracts single-collateral dai multi-collateral dai price stability mechanisms the cdp interaction process pooled ether (temporary mechanism for single-collateral dai) target price sensitivity parameter global settlement: step step target rate feedback mechanism global settlement risk management the maker platform risk parameters mkr token governance mkr and multi-collateral dai automatic liquidations risky cdps liquidity providing contract (temporary mechanism for single-collateral dai) debt and collateral auctions (multi-collateral dai) key external actors keepers oracles global settlers examples addressable market risks and their mitigation malicious hacking attack against the smart contract infrastructure black swan event one more collateral assets pricing errors, irrationality and unforeseen events competition and the importance ease-of-use failure centralized infrastructure conclusion glossary terms links overview the dai stablecoin system popular digital assets such bitcoin (btc) and ether (eth) are too volatile used everyday currency. the value bitcoin often experiences large fluctuations, rising falling much single day and occasionally rising over month.. the dai stablecoin collateral-backed cryptocurrency whose value stable relative the dollar. believe that stable digital assets like dai stablecoin are essential realizing the full potential blockchain technology. maker smart contract platform ethereum that backs and stabilizes the value dai through dynamic system collateralized debt positions (cdps), autonomous feedback mechanisms, and appropriately incentivized external actors. maker enables anyone leverage their ethereum assets generate dai the maker platform. once generated, dai can used the same manner any other cryptocurrency: can freely sent others, used payments for goods and services, held long term savings. importantly, the generation dai also creates the components needed for robust decentralized margin trading platform. collateralized debt position smart contracts anyone who has collateral assets can leverage them generate dai the maker platform through maker's unique smart contracts known collateralized debt positions. cdps hold collateral assets deposited user and permit this user generate dai, but generating also accrues debt. this debt effectively locks the deposited collateral assets inside the cdp until later covered paying back equivalent amount dai, which point the owner can again withdraw their collateral active cdps are always collateralized excess, meaning that the value the collateral higher than the value the debt. david ernst hard problems cryptocurrency https://github.com/makerdao the cdp interaction process step creating the cdp and depositing collateral the cdp user first sends transaction maker create the cdp, and then sends another transaction fund with the amount and type collateral that will used generate dai. this point the cdp considered collateralized. step generating dai from the collateralized cdp the cdp user then sends transaction retrieve the amount dai they want from the cdp, and return the cdp accrues equivalent amount debt, locking them out access the collateral until the outstanding debt paid. step paying down the debt and stability fee when the user wants retrieve their collateral, they have pay down the debt the cdp, plus the stability fee that continuously accrue the debt over time. the stability fee can only paid mkr. once the user sends the requisite dai and mkr the cdp, paying down the debt and stability fee, the cdp becomes debt free. step withdrawing collateral and closing the cdp with the debt and stability fee paid down, the cdp user can freely retrieve all some their collateral back their wallet sending transaction maker. single-collateral dai multi-collateral dai dai will initially launch with support for only one type collateral, pooled ether. the next months plan upgrade single-collateral dai multi-collateral dai. the primary difference that will support any number cdp types. mechanics that are temporarily place the system during the single-collateral phase are marked this white paper pooled ether (temporary mechanism for single-collateral dai) first, pooled ether (peth) will the only collateral type accepted maker. users who wish open cdp and generate dai during the first phase the maker platform need first obtain peth. this done instantly and easily the blockchain depositing eth into special smart contract that pools the eth from all users, and gives them corresponding peth return. there sudden market crash eth, and cdp ends containing more debt than the value its collateral, the maker platform automatically dilutes the peth recapitalize the system. this means that the proportional claim each peth goes down. after the maker platform upgraded support multiple collateral types, peth will removed and replaced eth alongside the other new collateral types. price stability mechanisms target price the dai target price has two primary functions the maker platform: used calculate the collateral-to-debt ratio cdp, and used determine the value collateral assets dai holders receive the case global settlement. the target price initially denominated usd and starts translating usd soft peg. target rate feedback mechanism the event severe market instability, the target rate feedback mechanism (trfm) can engaged. engaging the trfm breaks the fixed peg dai, but maintains the same denomination. the trfm the automatic mechanism which the dai stablecoin system adjusts the target rate order cause market forces maintain stability the dai market price around the target price. the target rate determines the change the target price over time, can act either incentive hold dai (if the target rate positive) incentive borrow dai (if the target rate negative). when the trfm not engaged the target rate fixed the target price doesn't change over time and dai pegged. when the trfm engaged, both the target rate and the target price change dynamically balance the supply and demand dai automatically adjusting user incentives for generating and holding dai. the feedback mechanism pushes the market price dai towards the variable target price, dampening its volatility and providing real-time liquidity during demand shocks. with the trfm engaged, when the market price dai below the target price, the target rate increases. this causes the target price increase higher rate, causing generation dai with cdps become more expensive. the same time, the increased target rate causes the capital gains from holding dai increase, leading corresponding increase demand for dai. this combination reduced supply and increased demand causes the dai market price increase, pushing back towards the target price. the same mechanism works reverse the dai market price higher than the target price: the target rate decreases, leading increased demand for generating dai and decreased demand for holding it. this causes the dai market price decrease, pushing down towards the target price. this mechanism negative feedback loop: deviation away from the target price one direction increases the force the opposite direction. sensitivity parameter the trfm's sensitivity parameter parameter that determines the magnitude target rate change response dai target/market price deviation. this tunes the rate feedback the scale the system. mkr voters can set the sensitivity parameter but when the trfm engaged the target price and the target rate are determined market dynamics, and not directly controlled mkr voters. the sensitivity parameter also what used engage disengage the trfm. the sensitivity parameter and the target rate are both zero, dai pegged the current target price. global settlement global settlement process that can used last resort cryptographically guarantee the target price holders dai. shuts down and gracefully unwinds the maker platform while ensuring that all users, both dai holders and cdp users, receive the net value assets they are entitled to. the process fully decentralized, and mkr voters govern access ensure that only used case serious emergencies. examples serious emergencies are long term market irrationality, hacking security breaches, and system upgrades. global settlement: step step step global settlement activated enough actors who have been designated global settlers maker governance believe that the system subject serious attack, global settlement scheduled part technical upgrade, they can active the global settlement function. this stops cdp creation and manipulation, and freezes the price feed fixed value that then used process proportional claims for all users. step global settlement claims are processed after global settlement has been activated, period time needed allow keepers process the proportional claims all dai and cdp holders based the fixed feed value. after this processing done, all dai holders and cdp holders will able claim fixed amount eth with their dai and cdps. step dai and cdp holders claim the collateral with their dai and cdps each dai and cdp holder can call claim function the maker platform exchange their dai and cdps directly for fixed amount eth that corresponds the calculated value their assets, based the target price dai. e.g. the dai target price u.s. dollar, the eth/usd price and user holds dai when global settlement activated, after the processing period they will able claim exactly eth from the maker platform. there time limit for when the final claim can made. risk management the maker platform the mkr token allows holders vote perform the following risk management actions: add new cdp type: create new cdp type with unique set risk parameters. cdp type can either new type collateral, new set risk parameters for existing collateral type. modify existing cdp types: change the risk parameters one more existing cdp types that were already added modify sensitivity parameter: change the sensitivity the target rate feedback mechanism modify target rate: governance can change the target rate. practice modifying the target rate will only done one specific circumstance: when mkr voters want peg the price dai its current target price. will always done conjunction with modifying the sensitivity parameter. setting both sensitivity parameter and target rate the trfm becomes disabled and the target price dai becomes pegged its current value. choose the set trusted oracles: the maker platform derives its internal prices for collateral and the market price dai from decentralized oracle infrastructure, consisting wide set individual oracle nodes. mkr voters control how many nodes are the set trusted oracles, and who those nodes are. half the oracles can compromised malfunction without causing disruption the continued safe operation the system modify price feed sensitivity: change the rules that determine the largest change that the price feeds can affect the internal price values the system. choose the set global settlers: global settlement crucial mechanic that allows the maker platform survive attacks against the oracles the governance process. the governance process chooses set global settlers and determines how many settlers are needed activate global settlement. risk parameters collateralized debt positions have multiple risk parameters that enforce how they can used. each cdp type has its own unique set risk parameters, and these parameters are determined based the risk profile the collateral used the cdp type. these parameters are directly controlled mkr holders through voting, with one mkr giving its holder one vote. the key risk parameters for cdps are: debt ceiling: the debt ceiling the maximum amount debt that can created single type cdp. once enough debt has been created cdp any given type, becomes impossible create more unless existing cdps are closed. the debt ceiling used ensure sufficient diversification the collateral portfolio. liquidation ratio: the liquidation ratio the collateral-to-debt ratio which cdp becomes vulnerable liquidation. low liquidation ratio means mkr voters expect low price volatility the collateral, while high liquidation ratio means high volatility expected. stability fee: the stability fee fee paid every cdp. annual percentage yield that calculated top the existing debt the cdp and has paid the cdp user. the stability fee denominated dai, but can only paid using the mkr token. the amount mkr that has paid calculated based price feed the mkr market price. when paid, the mkr burned, permanently removing from the supply. penalty ratio: the penalty ratio used determined the maximum amount dai raised from liquidation auction that used buy and remove mkr from the supply, with excess collateral getting returned the cdp user who owned the cdp prior its liquidation. the penalty ratio used cover the inefficiency the liquidation mechanism. during the phase single-collateral dai, the liquidation penalty goes buy and burn peth, benefitting the peth eth ratio. mkr token governance addition payment the stability fee active cdps, the mkr token plays important role the governance the maker platform. governance done the system level through election active proposal mkr voters. the active proposal the smart contract that has been empowered mkr voting gain root access modify the internal governance variables the maker platform. proposals can two forms: single action proposal contracts [sapc], and delegating proposal contracts [dpc]. single action proposal contracts are proposals that can only executed once after gaining root access, and after execution immediately applies its changes the internal governance variables the maker platform. after the one-time execution, the sapc deletes itself and cannot re-used. this type proposal what will used during the first phases the system, not very complicated use, but less flexible. delegating proposal contracts are proposals that continuously utilize their root access through second layer governance logic that codified inside the dpc. the second layer governance logic can relatively simple, such defining protocol for holding weekly vote updated risk parameters. can also implement more advanced logic, such restrictions the magnitude governance actions within defined time periods, even delegating some all its permissions further one more third layer dpcs with without restrictions. any ethereum account can deploy valid proposal smart contracts. mkr voters can then use their mkr tokens cast approval votes for one more proposals that they want elect the active proposal. the smart contract that has the highest total number approval votes from mkr voters elected the active proposal. mkr and multi-collateral dai after the upgrade multi-collateral dai, mkr will take more significant role the dai stablecoin system replacing peth the the recapitalization resource. when cdps become undercollateralized due market crashes, the mkr supply automatically diluted and sold off order raise enough funds recapitalize the system. automatic liquidations risky cdps ensure there always enough collateral the system cover the value all outstanding debt (according the target price), cdp can liquidated deemed too risky. the maker platform determines when liquidate cdp comparing the liquidation ratio with the current collateral-to-debt ratio the cdp. each cdp type has its own unique liquidation ratio that controlled mkr voters and established based the risk profile the particular collateral asset that cdp type. liquidation occurs when cdp hits its liquidation ratio. the maker platform will automatically buy the collateral the cdp and subsequently sell off. there temporary mechanism place for single-collateral dai called liquidity providing contract. for multi-collateral dai auction mechanism will used. liquidity providing contract (temporary mechanism for single-collateral dai) during single-collateral dai, the mechanism for liquidation liquidity providing contract: smart contract that trades directly with ethereum users and keepers according the price feed the system. when cdp liquidated, immediately acquired the system. the cdp owner receives the value the leftover collateral minus the debt, stability fee and liquidation penalty. the peth collateral set for sale the liquidity providing contract, and keepers can atomically purchase the peth paying dai. all dai paid this way are immediately removed from the dai supply, until amount equal the cdp debt has been removed. any dai paid excess the debt shortfall, the excess dai used purchase peth from the market and burn it, which positively changes the eth peth ratio. this results net value gain for peth holders. the peth selloff initially does not raise enough dai cover the entire debt shortfall, more peth continuously created and sold off. new peth created this way negatively changes the eth peth ratio, causing peth holders lose value. debt and collateral auctions (multi-collateral dai) during liquidation, the maker platform buys the collateral cdp and subsequently sells automatic auction. this auction mechanism enables the system settle cdps even when price information unavailable. order take over the collateral the cdp that can sold, the system first needs raise enough dai cover the cdp's debt. this called debt auction, and works diluting the supply the mkr token and selling bidders auction format. parallel, the collateral the cdp sold collateral auction where all proceeds (also denominated dai) the cdp debt amount plus liquidation penalty risk parameter determined mkr voting) used buy mkr and remove from the supply. this directly counteracts the mkr dilution that happened during the debt auction. enough dai bid fully cover the cdp debt plus the liquidation penalty, the collateral auction switches reverse auction mechanism and tries sell little collateral possible--any leftover collateral returned the original owner the cdp. key external actors addition its smart contract infrastructure, the maker platform relies certain external actors maintain operations. keepers are external actors who take advantage the economic incentives presented the maker platform. oracles and global settlers are external actors with special permissions the system assigned them mkr voters. keepers keeper independent (usually automated) actor that incentivized profit opportunities contribute decentralized systems. the context the dai stablecoin system, keepers participate the debt auctions and collateral auctions when cdps are liquidated. keepers also trade dai around the target price. keepers sell dai when the market price higher than the target price and buy dai when the market price below the target price profit from the expected long-term convergence towards the target price. oracles the maker platform requires real time information about the market price the assets used collateral cdps order know when trigger liquidations. the maker platform also needs information about the market price dai and its deviation from the target price order adjust the target rate when the trfm engaged. mkr voters choose set trusted oracles feed this information the maker platform through ethereum transactions. protect the system from attacker who gains control majority the oracles, and from other forms collusion, there global variable that determines the maximum change the value the price feed permitted the system. this variable known the price feed sensitivity parameter. example how the price feed sensitivity parameter works, the price feed sensitivity parameter defined minutes", the price feeds cannot change more than within one minute period, and changing would take minutes. this restriction ensures there enough time trigger global settlement the event that attacker gains control over majority the oracles. global settlers global settlers are external actors similar price feed oracles and are the last line defense for the dai stablecoin system the event attack. the set global settlers, selected mkr voters, have the authority trigger global settlement. aside from this authority, these actors not have any additional special access control within the system. examples the dai stablecoin system can used anyone without any restrictions sign-up process. example bob needs loan, decides generate dai. locks amount eth worth significantly more than dai into cdp and uses generate dai. the dai instantly sent directly his ethereum account. assuming that the stability fee per year, bob will need dai cover the cdp decides retrieve his eth one year later. one the primary use cases cdps margin trading cdp users. example bob wishes margin long the eth/dai pair, generates usd worth dai posting usd worth eth cdp. then buys another usd worth eth with his newly generated dai, giving him net eth/usd exposure. he's free whatever wants with the usd worth eth obtained selling the dai. the original eth collateral usd worth) remains locked the cdp until the debt plus the stability fee covered. although cdps are not fungible with each other, the ownership cdp transferable. this allows cdps used smart contracts that perform more complex methods dai generation (for example, involving more than one actor). example alice and bob collaborate using ethereum otc contract issue usd worth dai backed eth. alice contributes usd worth eth, while bob contributes usd worth. the otc contract takes the funds and creates cdp, thus generating usd worth dai. the newly generated dai are automatically sent bob. from bob's point view, buying usd worth dai paying the equivalent value eth. the contract then transfers ownership the cdp alice. she ends with usd worth debt (denominated dai) and usd worth collateral (denominated eth). since she started with only usd worth eth, she now leveraged long eth/usd. liquidations ensure that the event price crash the collateral backing cdp type, the system will automatically able close cdps that become too risky. this ensures that the outstanding dai supply remains fully collateralized. example let's assume that there ether cdp type with liquidation ratio penalty ratio and have ether cdp with collateral-to-debt ratio the ether price now crashes against the target price, causing the collateral-to-debt ratio the cdp fall ~%. falls below the liquidation ratio, traders can trigger its liquidation and begin bidding with dai for buying mkr the debt auction. simultaneously, traders can begin bidding with dai for buying the dai worth collateral the collateral auction. once there least dai being bid the ether collateral, traders reverse bid take the least amount collateral for dai. any remaining collateral returned the cdp owner. addressable market mentioned the introduction, cryptocurrency with price stability basic requirement for the majority decentralized applications. such, the potential market for dai least large that the entire blockchain industry. the following short, non-exhaustive list some the immediate markets (in both the blockchain and the wider industry) for the dai stablecoin system its capacity cryptocurrency with price stability and its use case decentralized margin trading platform: prediction markets gambling applications: when making unrelated prediction, obvious not want increase one's risk placing the bet using volatile cryptocurrency. long term bets become especially infeasible the user has also gamble the future price the volatile asset used place the bet. instead, cryptocurrency with price stability like dai will the natural choice for prediction market and gambling users. financial markets; hedging, derivatives, leverage: cdps will allow for permissionless leveraged trading. dai will also useful stable and reliable collateral custom derivative smart contracts, such options cfd's. merchant receipts, cross-border transactions and remittances: oreign exchange volatility mitigation and lack intermediaries means the transaction costs international trade can significantly reduced using dai. transparent accounting systems: charities, ngo's and governments will all see increases efficiency and lower levels corruption utilizing dai. risks and their mitigation there are many potential risks facing the successful development, deployment, and operation the maker platform. vital that the maker community takes all necessary steps mitigate these risks. the following list spells out some the risks identified and the accompanying plan for risk mitigation: malicious hacking attack against the smart contract infrastructure the greatest risk the system during its early stages the risk malicious programmer finding exploit the deployed smart contracts, and using break steal from the system before the vulnerability can fixed. worst case scenario, all decentralized digital assets that are held collateral the maker platform, such ether (eth) augur reputation (rep), could stolen without any chance recovery. part the collateral portfolio that not decentralized, such digix gold iou's, would not stolen such event they can frozen and controlled through centralized backdoor. mitigation: smart contract security and best security practices have been the absolute highest priority the dai development effort since its inception. the codebase has already undergone three independent security audits some the best security researchers the blockchain industry. the very long term, the risk getting hacked can theoretically almost completely mitigated through formal verification the code. this means mathematically proving that the code does exactly what intended do. while complete formal verification very long term goal, significant work towards has already been completed, including full reference implementation the dai stablecoin system the functional programming language haskell, which serves stepping stone towards more sophisticated formalizations that are currently under active research and development black swan event one more collateral assets another high impact risk potential black swan event collateral used for the dai. this could either happen the early stages dai stablecoin system, before mkr robust enough support inflationary dilutions, after the dai stablecoin system supports diverse portfolio collateral. mitigation: cdp collateral will limited eth the early stages, with the debt ceiling initially limited and growing gradually over time. competition and the importance ease-of-use mentioned previously, there large amount money and brainpower working cryptocurrency with price stability. virtue having "true decentralization", the dai stablecoin system far the most complex model being contemplated the blockchain industry. perceived risk movement among cryptocurrency users where the ideals decentralization are exchanged for the simplicity and marketing centralized digital assets. mitigation: expect that dai will very easy use for regular cryptocurrency user. dai will standard ethereum token adhering the erc- standard and will readily available with high liquidity across the ecosystem. dai has been designed such way that the average user need not understand the underlying mechanics the system order use it. the complexities the dai stablecoin system will need understood primarily keepers and capital investment companies that use the dai stablecoin system for margin trading. these types users have enough resources onboard themselves long there abundant and clear documentation every aspect the system's mechanics. the maker community will ensure that this the case. pricing errors, irrationality and unforeseen events number unforeseen events could potentially occur, such problem with the price feed from the oracles, irrational market dynamics that cause variation the value dai for extended period time. confidence lost the system, the trfm adjustments even mkr dilution could reach extreme levels while still not bringing enough liquidity and stability the market. mitigation: the maker community will need incentivize sufficiently large capital pool act keepers the market order maximize rationality and market efficiency and allow the dai supply grow steady pace without major market shocks. failure centralized infrastructure the maker team plays major role the development and governance the maker platform its early days: budgeting for expenses, hiring new developers, seeking partnerships and institutional users, and interfacing with regulators and other key external stakeholders. should the maker team fail some capacity for legal reasons, due internal problems with management the future maker could risk without proper backup plan. mitigation: the maker community exists partly act the decentralized counterparty the maker team. loose collective independent actors who are all aligned holding the mkr token, giving them strong incentive see the maker platform succeed. during the early phases mkr distribution, great care was taken ensure that the most important core developers received significant mkr stake. the event that the maker team longer effectively able lead the development the maker platform, individual mkr holders will incentivized fund developers (or simply carry out development themselves) effort protect their investment. conclusion the dai stablecoin system was designed solve the crucial problem stable exchange value the ethereum ecosystem and the wider blockchain economy. believe that the mechanism through which dai created, transacted, and retired, along with the direct risk management role mkr holders, will allow for self-interested keepers maintain the price stability dai over time efficient manner. the founders the maker community have established prudent governance roadmap that appropriate for the needs agile development the short term, but also coherent with the ideals decentralization over time. the development roadmap aggressive and focused widespread adoption dai responsible fashion. glossary terms collateralized debt position (cdp): smart contract whose users receive asset (dai), which effectively operates debt instrument with interest rate. the cdp user has posted collateral excess the value the loan order guarantee their debt position. dai: the cryptocurrency with price stability that the asset exchange the dai stablecoin system. standard ethereum token adhering the erc standard. debt auction: the reverse auction selling mkr for dai cover emergency debt when cdp becomes undercollateralized. collateral auction: the auction selling collateral from cdp undergoing liquidation. designed prioritize covering the debt owed the cdp, and secondarily give the cdp owner the best possible price for their excess collateral refund. the dai foundation: decentralized team smart contract developers committed the development and successful launch the maker platform. keepers: independent economic actors that trade dai, cdps and/or mkr; create dai close cdps; and seek arbitrage the dai stablecoin system. result, keepers help maintain dai market rationality and price stability. mkr: the erc token used mkr voters for voting. also serves backstop the case insolvent cdps. mkr voters: mkr holders who actively manage the risk the dai stablecoin system voting risk parameters. maker: the name the decentralized autonomous organization that made the maker platform technical infrastructure, and the community mkr voters. oracles: ethereum accounts (either contracts users) selected provide price feeds into various components maker platform. risk parameters: the variables that determine (among other things) when the maker platform automatically judges cdp risky, allowing keepers liquidate it. sensitivity parameter: the variable that determines how aggressively the dai stablecoin system automatically changes the target rate response dai market price deviations. target rate feedback mechanism (trfm): the automatic mechanism which the dai stablecoin system adjusts the target rate order cause market forces maintain stability the dai market price around the target price. links chat: https://chat.makerdao.com/ primary platform community interaction forum: https://forum.makerdao.com/ for debate and proposals subreddit: https://reddit.com/r/makerdao/ best place get latest news and links github: https://github.com/makerdao/ repository the public maker code teamspeak: https://ts.makerdao.com/ for governance meeting conference calls soundcloud: https://soundcloud.com/makerdao/ governance meeting recordings oasis: https://oasisdex.com/ mkr and dai decentralized exchange sai: https://sai.makerdao.com/ experimental stablecoin