whitepaper daneel the first a.i created help cryptocurrency investors www.daneel.io whitepaper table contents prior warning note from daneel's founder introduction blockchain and cryptocurrency blockchain: revolution the making what cryptocurrency? exchanging cryptocurrency; speculative investment accessing reactive and reliable sources information; strategic challenge for the cryptocurrency investor the difficulty managing multiple cryptocurrency portfolios our objective limits existing personal assistant services our solution what type investor daneel suited for? technological aspects the main technological stakes presentation daneel's features how can you access daneel? partnerships partner services partnership with ibm partnership with microsoft bizpark partnership with crypto-valley bitcoin association switzerland partner services apis roadmap use dan tokens process subscribing the system price subscriptions and payment sales process for dan tokens presentation dan tokens duration and progression the sales process initial distribution the tokens price and condition acquisition dan tokens bonuses during sales exchange tokens www.daneel.io whitepaper use raised funds procedure for the beginning the sale details the process request for personal information (kyc) limitations refund and cancellation use private data security the team join the daneel community legal terms conditions sale article purpose article publications article information regarding the sale article customer information article company information article warnings about risks related the sale www.daneel.io whitepaper prior warning this initial coin offering (>) presented the daneel assistant company unregulated operation fundraising. there are many risks involved for customers, especially the potential loss the entirety the currency exchanged for tokens emitted daneel assistant. only persons warned these risks are eligible participate the ico. furthermore, consumers (under the european directive ndeg//ue), the "american people" (under "regulation securities act american law"), citizens from canada, china, and singapore are excluded from the ico. www.daneel.io whitepaper note from daneel's founder first all, thank you for your interest daneel. hope that this document will enlighten you about our vision and our project. daneel born from the passion its creators for blockchain and cryptocurrency, changing world, one which the two technologies have real role play. our role democratize cryptocurrency order make more accessible mass market investors, proposing thoughtful and innovative solution for them. are aware the bad publicity linked the notion ico (initial coin offering) over previous months, mainly due lack reliability certain projects. that's why, even though the legislative framework still developing, were determined respect all basic responsibilities legislation, security and information. hope that you will therefore see this guarantee reliability, and that you will believe and daneel. welcome your comments and suggestions the email address joseph@daneel.io. enjoy your reading and see you soon, joseph bedminster founder daneel assistant company www.daneel.io whitepaper introduction blockchain and cryptocurrency blockchain: revolution the making real, innovative tool which about profoundly transform our societies well the relationships between individuals, organizations and states, blockchain represents chain "blocks" (digital containers) where information all sorts stored: transactions, contracts, title deeds, works art... this set blocks form database similar the pages great accounts book, known "register", which itself hosted group network users. unlike the centralized system that currently governs our societies, blockchain primarily allows users get away from centralized body third party. the heart this system, special users called "miners" have the role ensuring the validity transactions providing the entire network with the computing power their computers. once the algorithm has completed its validation exercise, all users blockchain can simply verify that the exercise correct; then, when large majority blockchain users have validated the computing operation, the block added the chain and the transactions that contains are considered valid. blockchain therefore includes the following advantageous characteristics: security: the decentralized framework and the blocks' codes guarantee the absolute security the information. disintermediation: the concept "consensus" replaces any centralized validation. autonomy: the creation cryptocurrency covers the costs the infrastructure involved. www.daneel.io whitepaper this revolutionary principle, blockchain the brink causing profound upheaval all sectors the economy, and many related projects have already begun. what cryptocurrency? each blockchain associated with cryptocurrency (also called token). the most well known the bitcoin, currency invented satoshi nakamoto today, there are several hundred different digital currencies. they all share the common trait being virtual means exchange, not based any single state, opposed the dollar the euro. they circulate via peer-topeer networks, based cryptographic algorithms, and are not necessarily intended payment system between users. the number units circulation and the maximum money supply are defined advance and visible all. until proven otherwise, cryptocurrency cannot counterfeited stolen. possible today define several separate families cryptocurrency, which are adapted the objectives the communities who use them: "infrastructure" currency: the type currency likely bring about the most profound changes, whose ambition goes far beyond being simple means payment, and which has the objective offering real alternative the existing financial system. examples: ethereum, nxt, ripple... www.daneel.io whitepaper "social" currency: currency created allow the easy exchange small financial amounts between web users ("social tipping"), existing social networks particular. alternative currency: broadly inspired bitcoin, these currencies attempt, via technical innovation, function either more easily, more securely more rapidly, for example reducing transaction verification times. examples: litecoin, digibyte... anonymous currency: currency created solely serve purely anonymous means payment, protecting both the user's identity well their transactions. examples: monero, bytecoin... exchanging cryptocurrency; speculative investment cryptocurrencies are primarily investment potential profitably. these alternative digital currencies represent, effect, new kind investment intrinsically linked with our modern digital economy. while extremely volatile, they can demonstrate impressive financial performances: bitcoin exceeded rate usd october despite being traded rate usd january indeed, it's because cryptocurrency's speculative nature that attracts investors, who generally appreciate the risky characteristics this kind market. speculation rampant the universe cryptocurrency, not only regards rate variation against the dollar, but also regarding the financial operations that cryptocurrencies finance. www.daneel.io whitepaper many investors are also search asset provide diversification their portfolio, and thus invest small proportion their assets with view towards long-term gain. cryptocurrency can effectually provide for the needs investors seeking diversify their risks turning toward alternative investments. accessing reactive and reliable sources information; strategic challenge for the cryptocurrency investor major concern for every investor, having access comprehensive, reliable and rapid source information fundamental part the decision-making process cryptocurrency investing. with the development the digital world and the increasing "datafication" our society, information becoming more and more immediately accessible every individual, through exchange platforms, social media, specialized print media, television programs, groups influencers, word mouth and more. not day goes without being flooded with information! the face such inundation data, investors will inevitably encounter number difficulties. www.daneel.io whitepaper cross-referencing sources and analysing content access reliable information rumours and conflicting manipulated information can significantly influence the purchase and sale cryptocurrency for numerous investors. fact, for many years digital and interactive means have bit bit taken over all classic forms communication media and non-media, and the internet has come completely integrated corporate marketing campaigns. furthermore, the development social networks favouring interaction between web users often anonymous manner has led each individual post more and more often, unavoidably leading increase the internet has thus become social, movable and participative... and today one tweet from influential individual may have more impact cryptocurrency rates than the actions institutions themselves! so, what extent can information concerning cryptocurrency biased? how can reliability ensured, that the plethora online information user encounters does not jeopardize every one their investments? capturing the right information the right time, amongst all available data investor, the search for reliable information often resembles complex quest: how can identify the limited number good resources? how can sort them out? how can interpret this information order make informed decisions? www.daneel.io whitepaper addition, while certain investors may benefit from lack information, others feel the flow available data and will inevitably find themselves exposed overabundance information. this phenomenon overexposure will result alteration decision-making and decline investment performance. information encountered about investments needs sufficient without becoming overwhelming, well easy and practical use. capturing the emotions the market the sheer amount information available renders each investor more vulnerable emotion when investing. (fomo), (fud), are several examples the phenomena that can negatively influence the ability investors manage their emotions while making decisions. this poor emotional management then leads ill-thought-out short-term actions, including sudden changes trading and investment strategies, and the following unfounded trends... often the expense invested capital. benefiting from appropriate level knowledge and comprehension around cryptocurrency understanding the details blockchain and cryptocurrency, learning trade, mastering the fundamentals... these are some the many topics that each investor should know and understand. but where can this information found? www.daneel.io whitepaper the various tutorials available the internet come with relatively high price tag, and are often not sufficiently adapted individual's personal level. the difficulty managing multiple cryptocurrency portfolios investors cryptocurrency generally invest through exchange platforms chosen based on: the number cryptocurrencies listed the volume exchanges present the fees charged the platform the level security and reliability the design and ergonomics therefore, often happens that investor obliged use several platforms buy and sell the currencies they are interested in. managing these different platforms often involves multiple restrictions for the investor: difficulty following investment performances, using different currencies, slowness services, two-step connections platforms, managing multiple sets login details, risking error during transfers between platforms... many situations within this sector require high level responsiveness, this set may prove dire for the investor. www.daneel.io whitepaper our objective design the first intelligent personal assistant who can accompany you the daily management cryptocurrency. www.daneel.io whitepaper limits existing personal assistant services assistants (or "bots") currently available the market have many notable functional and technological limitations. the present solutions are effectively confined supplying information (the rate cryptocurrency, information the launch ico, newspaper articles...) through different channels communication like facebook and its "messenger" application, through "slack" even through "telegram". their use also rarely user-friendly, they often necessitate using predefined commands carry out simple requests, based around the recognition set key words (>). these solutions respond only basic need, using primitive artificial intelligence systems that are not able to: understand and interpret natural human language analyse and select the most reliable information available interact relevant way, order communicate the right trend the right time www.daneel.io whitepaper our solution are fully aware the limitations these previous solutions, we'd like suggest assistant new kind: personal assistant based watson, one the most efficient artificial intelligences the market, who will responsible for providing daily assistance the world cryptocurrency. through this, you will have ready access intelligent counsellor able to: understand and interact with you keep you informed real time, with quality information that gathered and analysed himself identify and capture the different emotions the market alert you soon one your investments jeopardy facilitate easy portfolio follow-up and management, well ease sales and purchases. provide daily advice your investments and market trends provide personally-tailored indicators this the objective have set for ourselves, and you can help develop it. what type investor daneel suited for? daneel not intended address professional investors, particularly those already involved trading rooms. indeed, these investors often rely specialized and costly technologies, often developed and jealously guarded banks. the contrary, want democratize access artificial intelligence for investors offering our technology non-professionals. www.daneel.io whitepaper this, have identified three mass-market investor profiles: beginner, intermediate and advanced users. www.daneel.io whitepaper technological aspects the main technological stakes order for daneel meet all the objectives that have set, will have address several factors daily basis. make full use the power daneel will need able understand your queries every time you turn him, regardless spelling sentence structure. will have confident the ability the system analyse and understand the meaning human language, perceive emotions and correctly perform the relevant actions. guarantee the reliability the information analysed and proposed daneel how can we, world with huge amount sources information (online newspapers, forums, social networks, expert networks, exchange platforms...) determine which sources are reliable, that information used sure trustworthy and free from manipulation? currently make use the superior skills the blockchain sector, specialized journalists, and specialized counsellors bring together different informational www.daneel.io whitepaper references. the goal categorize these, and then determine reliability, well which the method employ for each source. gather together the mass information within sector the first step, but analyse another one entirely. provide the requisite intelligence the service, will necessary perfect the algorithm developed during the prototype design, order consider all flows information, and give only the most suitable and reliable information the user. offer personalized advice, adapted the needs each nonprofessional investor profile personal assistant, want make daneel personalised possible for each user. would like make each experience unique, and aim place daneel position provide the best possible advice the user. our primary objective user satisfaction. that's why have created the profiles and every user will therefore able take advantage all the features they require, while receiving experience tailored their level, and their expectations regarding information and control. ensure the security all data how can ensure the safety your information? how can limit the risk hacking attempts outside third parties? important safety measures should established between the user and the daneel ecosystem. the mobile application, well the web platform, will have address important safety constraints and will therefore frequently audited external services and partners. for the architecture, must hosted and secured the world's leading specialists the cloud and security. www.daneel.io whitepaper our teams will endeavour monitor the functioning all services, well questions asked and answers delivered, order ensure the reliability exchanges with the api our ecosystem, and those our partners. relying best practice terms ergonomics and design attach great importance offering the best user experience throughout the use the daneel service. this, we'd like refer the best practices used ergonomics and design during the development each both the web and mobile interfaces, and commit approach centred completely the user. www.daneel.io whitepaper presentation daneel's features stay informed gather, aggregate and analyse information the concept curating the heart daneel. begin, daneel searches, browses, collects and analyses different sources information available from various online channels: news feeds, general media, specialized media and social networks. once the information collected, sorts and categorizes all relevant data order only offer information deemed highly reliable. you will then see real time summary all necessary information concerning: the current rates all your specified cryptocurrencies cryptocurrency news sorted theme (technological, legal, partnerships...). different operations available analyse the emotions the market addition analysing and summarizing information, wish allow daneel analyse the emotions the market using function. our artificial intelligence collects messages posted social networks, then analyses them and conveys the user the predominant online sentiments surrounding the cryptocurrency their choice. this way, you can more easily detect growing doubt surrounding cryptocurrency, and up-to-date for every decision you make. www.daneel.io whitepaper addition, you can also benefit from indicators which identify which currencies are the most cited news sources and social networks, well those most searched google. define cryptocurrency confidence score our artificial intelligence will use specially developed algorithm calculate >., analysing currency rates, recent events, and the perceived emotions users social networks. this score, given out will reflect the reliability currency given moment. will give investors good idea the risk involved investment. www.daneel.io whitepaper access the detailed analytical report cryptocurrency need comprehensive report currency? histories, statistical data, graphics, company organisation, important personnel, recent events: find all this information one document, generated every day, thanks our artificial intelligence. interact interact with daneel thanks our conversational service what could easier way obtaining information than simply asking for it? get daneel's analyses, you only need express request. www.daneel.io whitepaper artificial intelligence searches for the information best suited your research, and the results are then easily communicated you. daneel may also offer quick choice actions response certain demands, order help you save time. based the "machine learning" principle, the system will learn continuously: the more users that pose questions, the more will able refine its answers and results: that the power ibm's watson artificial intelligence! never heard watson's power? manage your portfolio manage your cryptocurrency portfolio you will able manage different accounts from compatible exchange platforms within the application. add your account via your api keys, and then follow the progress your investments real time ... daneel will provide you with daily guidance managing your investments. you will notified immediately your investments fluctuate, new piece information likely impact one your investments! www.daneel.io whitepaper don't want use api keys? simple: tell daneel the type and quantity each cryptocurrency you possess, and will register your personalized profile and provide advice you the exact same way! place orders one click thanks the api the exchange platforms compatible with daneel, you will able place immediate purchase and sale orders: you will therefore able react rapidly any announcement important event that daneel shares with you! www.daneel.io whitepaper learn and educate yourself particularly suited beginner users, the service helps respond the main questions concerning the sector and blockchain technology. several ideas and concepts will explained the user each day, and they will able test and validate their knowledge through multiple-choice questions. share social trading social interactions addition the help given our artificial intelligence, wish integrate functionality called service which allows users observe and follow the investments experienced investors. through this, the most popular community traders could receive dan tokens exchange for their participation the ecosystem. and after will organize, recurring basis, different innovation events during which every daneel user will able submit new functionality ideas. the best ideas will rewarded dan tokens. www.daneel.io whitepaper www.daneel.io whitepaper how can you access daneel? the services and functionalities mentioned will accessible via web platform and mobile application, directly the site www.daneel.io through downloading the mobile application that will available future date. www.daneel.io whitepaper partnerships partner services order accelerate daneel's development and carry out our project, have placed etablishing partnerships the heart our strategy. partnership with ibm through this goal that have already developed international partnership with the company ibm. thanks this partnership, now have access unmatched expertise artificial intelligence, leading-edge solutions such watson well the means and resources that allow sustainably support our project. ibm, renowned multinational the sectors the cloud, machine-learning and artificial intelligence, have placed their trust us, why shouldn't you? agreement reference: ffc daneel assistant ou, estonia partnership with microsoft bizpark are also discussion with another industry leader cloud and artificial intelligence microsoft. the "microsoft bizspark" program dedicated helping promising start-ups acting not just technical partner but also strategic one, thanks dedicated team, free service and access compete ecosystem. www.daneel.io whitepaper microsoft azure's infrastructures are also availible us, well their artificial intelligence services and the associated machine learning. partnership with crypto-valley considered the largest actor ecosystem the fields cryptography and blockchain, based zug switzerland, will accompagny throughout this project. comprising start-ups, professionals, researchers, and entrepreneurs, this organization has become crucial actor the sector which daneel will develop throughout the coming months. crypto valley will support our teams, and will provide with important network technical support, infrastructure and events. bitcoin association switzerland association blockchain and cryptocurrency enthusiasts that gathers together number sector professionals, start-ups and professors. this very active community will provide with support, and will allow exchange ideas their networks well during regularly sheduled events one the roles this association making cryptocurrency accessible the general public, and democratize blockchain technology, and such will valued contributer the goals our solution. www.daneel.io whitepaper partner services apis within the framework our platform development, will make use various external services enrich daneel's functioning. some these services provide relevant and regularly-updated data sets, allowing access particular market prices, information linked icos, newfeeds... this way, addition official apis exchange platforms, endeavour make the best use the data provided these select external services. here are some examples: www.daneel.io whitepaper roadmap www.daneel.io whitepaper www.daneel.io whitepaper use dan tokens dan tokens will the heart the use our intelligent assistant service. indeed, they will allow the user to: subscribe monthly service enabling the use all daneel features interact with the platform and its users www.daneel.io whitepaper process subscribing the system daneel's application and services will accessible only users registered the platform. two types subscription will available. several subscription options may become availible, including monthly, quarterly and annual subscriptions. www.daneel.io whitepaper price subscriptions and payment wish offer subscription with fixed price that won't change with the dan token price. other terms, the price the subscription will always the same regardless the rate dan the exchange platforms. reminder, dan tokens can aquired: investing during the initial coin offering phase buying tokens the exange platforms that will trade dan. www.daneel.io whitepaper sales process for dan tokens tokens made availible are accompanied borne the company. this duty act the following: develop and make available general public investors intelligent assistant destined for the world cryptocurrency. presentation dan tokens daneel (dan) tokens will only used subscribe the intelligent assistant service proposed they will exchanged different exchange platforms soon they are available. www.daneel.io whitepaper duration and progression the sales process the sales process dan tokens will carried out two steps over december and january presale phase (or pre-ico): from december utc december utc. sale phase: from december utc january utc. initial distribution the tokens for the tokens created, the distribution will following: the tokens, that will put for sale during the duration daneel commercial operation (pre -ico, ico). the tokens put for sale will separated into two lots: first lot tokens sold during presale, that total. second lot tokens; sold during sale open the public, that total. www.daneel.io whitepaper tokens, that will preserved reserve the society. these tokens could sold the future, lots, the case the society needing supplementary funds cover expenditure linked service development. their sale, well the underlying objective, will announced advance the company's official website. tokens, that will distributed stakeholders (team, counsellors, community) that have contributed actively the success the operation. tokens, that will distributed external investors the enterprise. the tokens reserved for external investors will distributed between the different structures and investors that have supported and financed the development the daneel project. tokens, that will distributed within the framework the rewards program. the tokens allocated the rewards programs will distributed community members that have participated the distribution, communication, advertisment translation the project the networks. www.daneel.io whitepaper price and condition acquisition dan tokens during the period the dan tokens sale, tokens will available the single rate euros (approx. usd). the client will able acquire dan tokens against other cryptocurrencies. the list accepted cryptocurrencies during ico phase the following: bitcoin (btc) litecoin (ltc) ethereum (eth) monero (xmr) dash (dash) decred (dcr) ether classic (etc) lisk (lsk) navcoin (nav) stratis (strat) waves (waves) zcash (zec) ripple (xrp) the number tokens allocated during order will calculated the basis the cryptocurrency rate defined our partner coin payments (https://www.coinpayments.net/) the time the confirmation the payment being received www.daneel.io whitepaper bonuses during sales order reward our first users, offer the following bonuses: exchange tokens definition, tokens can exchanged different exchange platforms specializing cryptocurrency. are currently speaking with several these platforms order list dan tokens. discussions are open with the following platforms: poloniex, hitbtc, binance, and livecoin. www.daneel.io whitepaper use raised funds the funds raised during the ico will employed the achievement our objectives. all the funds will distributed finance the following activities: development our intelligent assistant and web mobile platforms financing operational needs financing marketing and advertising legal and accounting support. payment external services (partner companies, api services) procedure for the beginning the sale the first day the sale, preregistered users will receive email informing them the beginning the sale session take place the company website (https://www.daneel.io). during the process the sale, will also rely the platform and service our coin payments partner https://www.coinpayments.net. www.daneel.io whitepaper details the process proceed with the purchase dan tokens during the sale phase, each client will have follow the procedure described below. step connection the client space the user connects their client space after registering their email and password and providing validation through the captcha system. www.daneel.io whitepaper step validation terms and conditions the user accepts the terms and conditions. step registration personal information the user fills the different required fields provide their personal information and the eth address through which they will receive dan tokens. www.daneel.io whitepaper step selection cryptocurrency the user directed the participation page our partner they will then need select the cryptocurrency with which they wish buy dan tokens, fill their personal information then confirm the payment request. step payment adresse www.daneel.io whitepaper the user sends the amount requested the chosen currency the indicated address. the payment will valid when the sufficient amount blockchain validation reached. step validation once the payment validated, the user will receive confirmation email from coinpayments informing them that the transaction validated. tracking number will included this email: must kept safe. once the sale over, they will invited fill the compatible ethereum erc address which they wish receive dan tokens. they will then credited with the number tokens corresponding their investment. the secure space the site https://www.daneel.io details the transactions performed and the payments received. for more information refer the online help https://www.daneel.io/help.html, contact email contact@daneel.io www.daneel.io whitepaper request for personal information (kyc) order participate the sale, and with the purpose complying with the rules good practice regarding transparency during the raising funds, require certain information from investors. the following information will need transmitted before any dan token purchase the user during subscription the platform: name and surname address and country residence phone number email address the investor will also declare, validating their subscription: that they are compliance with existing legislation their country residence that they are authorised participate such sale limitations the minimum purchase amount participate the sale fixed at: dan, per participant. the maximum purchase amount fixed at: dan euros) per participant. refund and cancellation refunds will available, cryptocurrency payment sent the user during the dan tokens sale operation. please refer the legal notices below for more information. www.daneel.io whitepaper use private data the private data collected during registration well the data linked the daneel platform use and its services are the property the company. the data may used for analytical purposes, provide better results for users and improve our artificial intelligence system. nevertheless, the society undertakes neither use this information for commercial research nor sell this information for use other companies. please refer the legal notices below for more information. security the security our user platform the heart our concern. that's why our company will regularly have our services audited global security experts and partners. the platform's web security and that your personal data reinforced thanks the services partners specialized hosting and informational security. www.daneel.io whitepaper the team joseph bedminster ceo-founder daneel specializing software engineering, joseph has previously worked for companies and startups france freelance basis. co-founded the startup, bonanza and assumed the position chief technical officer. renowned for its matching algorithm, the service makes possible efficiently link companies with students looking for positions. the company soon won over the french public and today phase international expansion. joseph was then hired manager research and innovation laboratory. responsible for making prototypes for companies, his work has led him explore the areas artificial intelligence, conversational assistant technologies, and big data. his background has allowed him work with companies such ibm, discovering watson's services, and also collaborate with microsoft. passionate about cryptocurrency, dreamt assistant system capable responding user requests using natural language. decided embark the adventure creating the company daneel assistant. https://www.linkedin.com/in/joseph-bedminster/ www.daneel.io whitepaper florian munoz director strategy and marketing passionate about innovation and technology, florian began his career consultant ibm the "strategy transformation" department. after three years working with the top management level the major french groups, decided join niji january develop expertise digital transformation topics. specializing marketing, has developed expertise the development digital strategies and the management innovative projects and collaborates daily with banking, insurance and mass distribution players. part his duties, florian has worked several projects related artificial intelligence and the creation personal assistants. passionate investor cryptocurrencies and blockchain technology and convinced real interest the solution, florian has joined daneel take care the company's strategy and marketing. https://www.linkedin.com/in/florianmunoz/ www.daneel.io whitepaper samir rinaz strategy adviser security analyst, and then teacher software development the prestigious french school epitech, has wealth experience project management. his role cto for various companies led him work with large groups such vivendi and even first telecom. graduate with master's degree computer engineering from epitech, from has been the executive director etna, software development school paris. his willingness pass knowledge goes hand hand with his involvement the project: with daneel, the goal democratize blockchain and cryptocurrency technologies for the general public. addition his position executive director, samir partner the cto-partners company, whose role support start-ups seeking technological expertise turning idea into functional project. with his experience business management, and the support start-ups, his valuable advice allows the company make effective decisions and grow quickly. https://www.linkedin.com/in/rinaz/ www.daneel.io whitepaper selim rinaz technical director experienced developer, selim passionate about artificial intelligence and autonomous systems. with his experience software developer and project manager, has successfully implemented complex systems for large groups and developing startups. having become expert the design chatbots for the health sector, selim has designed automated systems for large world-class groups that are capable communicating with multitude sensors and users simultaneously. demonstrating rapidly his ability master blockchain and ethereum technologies, has come board our software solution architect. https://www.linkedin.com/in/selim-rinaz-/ www.daneel.io whitepaper alexandre lacour technology adviser graduate computer engineering from epitech, alexandre spent years cto someflu, leading company the centrifugal pump industry. charge architecture from then became executive director the company january diversifying his activities, also became partner cto-partners, and provided advice startups the french ecosystem. since january has become mentor and advisor for the ionis business incubator paris, france. mainly works expert fields related data processing companies: big data, artificial intelligence and machine learning. bringing his contacts and his knowledge the project's cause, our main technical adviser. https://www.linkedin.com/in/lacouralexandre www.daneel.io whitepaper esteban gonzalez developer ethereum developer, crypto-enthusiastic and self-taught boot, has become specialist nodejs and ethereum technologies. developed autonomous system capable monitoring all open markets for cryptocurrencies, and automatically calculating all the indicators used traders real time for each trading platform. his work, made available the company, will the basis our intelligent monitoring system. esteban will bring his knowledge the fields blockchain, cryptocurrency, and automated trading. https://www.linkedin.com/in/estebangonza guillaume guerin developer guillaume has had the opportunity work large projects related the blockchain ethereum. one example the prototyping private network based energy exchange and self-regulation (sunpay), well the development mobile application for the transfer erc tokens (an open-source project). back-end developer and very interested cryptocurrencies. with his skills mobile development and his blockchain experiences, guillaume charge the structures the mobile applications for daneel's ios and android services. https://www.linkedin.com/in/guillaume-guerin-b/ www.daneel.io whitepaper marion boutros manager graduate digital marketing from inseec and specialist branding and industrial design, marion key element the daneel project. her career has led her work for prestigious clients europe, such bnp paribas, vmware and paradise london. with excellent experience professional site design and mobile application creation/design, marion joined the daneel project very early provide her design skills and know-how. she responsible for the user experience and charge the and for the entire project. www.daneel.io whitepaper join the daneel community https://www.facebook.com/daneelproject https://twitter.com/daneelproject https://medium.com/@daneel_project https://t.me/projectdaneel https://daneel.io/ico/slack-invite www.daneel.io whitepaper legal terms conditions sale article purpose these general terms and conditions sale ("gtc") are concluded between the company ("the company" this document) daneel assistant company, whose registered office located at: narvamnt, kesklinnalinnaosa, tallinn, harjumaakond, estonia, registered under number and the natural legal person purchasing the products services from the company, hereinafter the "customer" "the investor". these gtc apply without any restriction, right, all products and services offered for sale the company connection with the sale dan tokens (the specifics which are detailed this document), during the period called ico, "initial coin offering". these terms prevail over any other document issued the customer the company, and apply soon they come into effect all purchases. all other documents presented the media, the official website https://daneel.io, and other paper digital copies, are therefore presented non-contractual and not engage the responsibility the company. the gts contract concluded between the customer and the company for the purposes the sale. completing their registration the web platform (https://daneel.io), the customer accepts and acknowledges these terms, and undertakes respect them. www.daneel.io whitepaper article publications the official website is: https://www.daneel.io. the company reserves the right, and without prior notice, modify, add, delete content. the company reserves the right make the website unavailable, move another address, delete it. article information regarding the sale notice regarding the sale tokens during ico participation ico, and more broadly, investment cryptocurrency high-risk investment. none the information analysis presented this document intended form the basis investment decision, and specific investment recommendation made. result, this document does not constitute investment advice. the customer fully aware the fact that the acquired tokens not open any right participate the decision-making process within the company, any right its results any economic interest. tokens are not recognized company shares any other comparable asset. furthermore, the dan token not considered electronic money within the meaning european directive the european parliament and the council september www.daneel.io whitepaper the dan token the daneel ecosystem the sale for the sale virtual "tokens" (or "tokens"), "daneel tokens" (the "dan"). tokens will have virtual currency role the daneel ecosystem. they will make possible acquire and pay for the subscription required access the intelligent assistant service. the token created and issued the company, called the "dan token" non-regulated digital asset. will accepted within the daneel ecosystem. the company the sole decision-maker its capacity provide the daneel ecosystem token owners, within the framework technical, legal, economic other constraints imposed third parties the company itself its operations. the company warns buyers (the "customers") that dan cannot used until the daneel ecosystem has been created. the daneel ecosystem not completed does not function permanently, the tokens will not refunded. the owners dan accept that this significant risk. creation and issue the token the end the sale, the tokens will created the ethereum blockchain. the ethereum protocol does not belong the company, decentralized and autonomous open source protocol. the company has rights responsibilities over this protocol. tokens will generated using "smart contract" (https://www.ethereum.org). the token generated will respond the nomenclature called "erc", described the ethereum community. tokens will subject the operating terms the ethereum network. the creation the smart-contract and the issuance tokens will www.daneel.io whitepaper provided the company third party authorized the company. once the customer owns the tokens, they may freely give up, exchange sell all part them. the customer informed the immaterial and virtual nature the dan tokens that they acquire. the customer aware that guarantee attached the dan tokens. token price during the sale transaction, the token will sold the following price: dan token euro. validity the tokens there time limit for the validity period during which the tokens may used. the company reserves the right, proves necessary, set limit later date. this case, the company undertakes notify customers within period least months. tokens, once issued, being linked the ethereum blockchain, cannot permanently removed from the network. thus, the event that the company calls into question the validity the tokens, the tokens would continue exist the ethereum network, but would simply longer accepted within the daneel ecosystem the company. the customer understands and accepts the validity dan tokens described these terms. terms sale the sale will take place the official website: https://daneel.io. www.daneel.io whitepaper the platform used perform the cryptocurrency exchanges participate the sale will done through the coinpayments platform (https://coinpayments.net). the date and instructions will explained the official website. personal information requested the time the sale (know your customer policy) part the know your customer (kyc) procedure, any person wishing acquire dan must provide daneel with the following information the site dedicated the ico before purchasing: full name (for individuals) company name (for corporations) address, and tax residence, country residence telephone number e-mail address cancellation and refund policy the customer's participation considered effective once they invest cryptocurrency. once the customer's participation the sale effective, cancellation refund will possible. the customer acknowledges that they are fully aware that they will not able claim any right partial total refund, any circumstances whatsoever. the customer's participation deemed irrevocably accepted the customer upon receipt acknowledgement receipt investment the company, its partners. www.daneel.io whitepaper the company reserves the right correct any clerical errors omissions the contractual documents linking the customer without this opening the right any right compensation. sale restrictions sale prohibited: any individual resident the united states, and more broadly any "us person" within the meaning "regulation the securities act canadian citizens. singaporean citizens. chinese citizens. any partner business, legal entity organized established under united states law; any estate whose executor director person more broadly, any natural legal person whose laws their country residence prohibit their participation the sale, the holding cryptocurrency tokens based "blockchain" technology (see the section customer responsibilities- legal obligations the investor). article customer information information received the customer participating the sale, the customer accepts these general terms and conditions sale, and certifies have received all the information necessary for their participation. customer's obligations responsibility for storage and security the customer acknowledges that they are solely responsible for the storage, security and use the acquired tokens, under normal conditions use and www.daneel.io whitepaper accordance with the legislation force their country residence. the company cannot held liable the event loss, abnormal use, destruction, theft any other cause that harmful the customer. the customer also solely responsible for the security the possession theirs tokens, their account the daneel ecosystem, any other combination account related the company, both now and the future. the company cannot held responsible for any illegal fraudulent use the customer's password. legal obligations the customer certifies have knowledge the legal frameworks and laws applicable their country residence concerning: their participation the current sale, investment cryptocurrency and the holding cryptocurrency digital token (or token) based "blockchain" technology. the customer also certifies respect the laws applicable their country. case failure the part the customer comply with these laws, the company cannot held legally responsible the customer undertakes inform the company the event element event that may have direct indirect impact the customer's participation the sale. the customer undertakes provide any additional information that may required the company connection with their participation the sale. the customer shall refrain from any attempt misappropriate (modification, breach security, impairment availability etc.) the content produced the company, well its media (official website, media, etc.). the company cannot held responsible for the customer's declaratory obligations relating the country which they depend. the same applies any charges taxes that would payable the customer, relation the purchase, possession, use transmission their tokens. www.daneel.io whitepaper information the protection personal data the personal information provided the customer when registering and participating the sale exclusively intended for the company. all information requested when registering the official website mandatory, and the customer agrees provide correct information, under penalty cancellation their participation the sale. the company cannot held liable the customer provides incorrect information when registering. the customer has right access, modify, rectify and delete personal data concerning them. the customer wishes exercise this right, they will have contact the company post e-mail, explaining their request and the reason for the request along with copy identity document. the customer makes request modify delete data essential their participation the sale, the company reserves the right revoke their participation. the company undertakes not use the customer's data for commercial prospecting purposes. article company information non-liability the company the customer expressly acknowledges the unpredictable nature the project. the risks are explained this document. the customer acknowledges and accepts essential condition these terms that they will not able prosecute bring legal proceedings, whether direct indirect. the responsibility the company cannot under any circumstances engaged the following basis: service operations not accordance with the terms described this www.daneel.io whitepaper document, inadequate services for customer needs, loss destruction user's dan tokens, malfunction failure the daneel ecosystem, failure the security services involving the disclosure loss data related the service, user-related data, transmission personal information relating user competent administrative judicial authorities the context judicial request, suspension discontinuation the service given the unpredictable nature the project and blockchain and ethereum technologies this list not exhaustive. intellectual property the customer acknowledges that the company remains the sole and exclusive owner all industrial and intellectual property rights and know-how attached the tokens, and content produced. termination the event non-compliance the customer with one these terms, the company may automatically terminate the sale clear days after simple notification has remained without result; this termination occurring without prejudice the other provisions hereof. offers pay and perform subsequent termination payment performance after the time limit does not remove the right declare maintain the termination incurred. contract integrity, waiver, interpretation www.daneel.io whitepaper any the provisions these general terms and conditions sale are declared void deemed unwritten, all other provisions remain applicable and continue have full effect. the fact that the company does not avail itself any these clauses cannot interpreted waiver the right use the same clause later date. the interpretation and assessment the validity any contract interpreted according the following documents, descending order the hierarchy the standards: gtc, acknowledgement receipt the order, invoice and delivery notification. force majeure any event beyond the control the parties, that they cannot reasonably foresee nor reasonably avoid overcome considered force majeure, provided that its occurrence renders the performance the obligations completely impossible, affects the execution the order contractual equilibrium (e.g.: natural disaster, substantial change the price resources, variation customs duties, armed conflicts, labour disputes, modification regulations, failure subcontractor machine breakdown etc.). the first party act shall inform the other party without delay and any means; the parties then agreeing negotiate good faith any modification made necessary ensure the continuity the contractual commitments. however, this continues for more than months, the first party act may terminate the contract writing without incurring liability and without the other party being entitled recourse compensation with any amounts already received the company, irrevocably retained the company. www.daneel.io whitepaper legislative changes the customer informed that the legislative framework the sale still being developed the country which the company established. they are fully aware that new frameworks and new laws can established after the sale. the company therefore reserves the right make changes the terms the sale, order ensure the legality the operations conducted the company estonia. the company also reserves the right respond favourably requests from legal authorities that require the company, through legal process, obtain information concerning customers. language, competent court these gtc and any contractual relations concerning the products and services sold the company are governed exclusively estonian law. the translations these terms that are made available the customer are for informational purposes only and are not binding. only the english version these terms has legal value. prior any legal action, the parties shall endeavour seek amicable settlement. failing this, any dispute any nature whatsoever, shall the exclusive jurisdiction the courts the area the company's registered office; document can imply any renewal exceptions this jurisdiction clause. www.daneel.io whitepaper article warnings about risks related the sale risk losing access dan tokens due loss identification information tokens acquired the buyer may associated with the user's daneel account, stored exchange physical medium. the loss information access the dan tokens will result the loss the dan acquired during the sale. the customer should refer the identifier security and storage clause described the customer responsibilities storage and security section. risks concerning the ethereum protocol the dan and the daneel solution are based the ethereum protocol. thus, any malfunction, unexpected operation the protocol can impact the daneel ecosystem, along with the dan tokens. ethereum, protocol currency, can itself lose value similar way dan tokens. further information the ethereum protocol available the following address: http://www.ethereum.org. the company not responsible for the network the ethereum protocol. risks related the ongoing development the ecosystem many platform features and functionalities will have developed part the daneel project. the customer accepts that the daneel solution subject software and technical risks and that there www.daneel.io whitepaper risk that such features and functionalities may never deployed the platform. legal risk blockchain technologies have been reviewed various regulatory agencies around the world, including within the european union. the ico was structured consideration the european law applicable the time the offer. the development and operation the daneel solution and dan tokens may impacted the passing new laws impacting blockchain technology, cryptocurrencies, possession exchange cryptocurrencies, etc. the risk that any new legislation may impact the development the daneel ecosystem well the value the dan tokens, should taken into consideration the customer. given the current state legislation concerning the technologies used within the daneel ecosystem, the company encourages customers carefully read the legal issues that concern them their country residence. the customer thus informed and accepts that the company cannot held responsible the customer participates the sale disregarding the laws force their country residence. risk related the value the dan token considering that the value dan tokens will change over time, the www.daneel.io whitepaper customer informed that the adoption the project the public and the success otherwise developments related the daneel project may have impact the price dan tokens. risk that the functionalities offered not meet customer expectations the daneel service may subject significant changes depending the functional and technical decisions made the company. all customer's expectations regarding the personal assistant service and dan tokens may not fulfilled when the service launched. risk theft and piracy despite all the means the company employs ensure the security the company's infrastructure and services, malicious criminal organisations may attempt interfere with the services access the company's infrastructure. risk related token exchange places the tokens are made available one more exchanges, given the emerging nature blockchain technology and the novelty the exchanges cryptocurrencies, the risks (non-exhaustive list): failure, fraud, software network problems, could occur the platforms, potentially leading decline the value the dan token the loss some all the users' dan. www.daneel.io whitepaper the customer well aware that the company will not responsible, any way, for the exchange structures which the dan tokens will listed. risk uninsured loss unlike bank accounts accounts other regulated financial institutions, funds held using the daneel ethereum network are generally uninsured. case loss loss value, there public private insurer, offer recourse the buyer. risk dissolution the daneel project possible that, for several reasons including but not limited to, unfavourable fluctuation the dan token, unfavourable evolution the legislative framework concerning cryptocurrencies even due the failure team members partners, the daneel project may longer viable activity and may dissolved not initiated. unforeseen risks given the new and fluctuating nature blockchain technologies, cryptocurrencies and virtual tokens, the customer aware that there may unforeseen risks, which are not listed this document. www.daneel.io whitepaper www.daneel.io