operating system for collective intelligence white paper april nd, work progress, comments are welcome. abstract daostack operating system for collective intelligence and new form human association: the dao. decentralized autonomous organizations have captured the imagination the best minds the blockchain space, but despite their promise have yet remained unachievable. central missing element solid framework for decentralized blockchain governance, and particular scalable and resilient governance protocols that can support the processing large number crowd decisions effectively. the base the dao stack, arc modular and adaptive framework for governance and collective value management over the blockchain. just http allows the creation and interoperability web sites and web applications, arc allows the creation and interoperability web companies collaborative apps and daos, well the crypto-economic alignment their interests. implemented with novel holographic consensus protocols that allow scalable consensus, the result new web open collaboration, which global networks can self-organize around shared goals and joint action. believe that daos will impact every territory life and will jumpstart the evolution society toward more cooperative and sustainable future. derived from the greek word arche, meaning "method government". table content abstract introduction dao: the future organization legacy organizations the blockchain agencies daos open organizations blockchain governance example blockchain governance structure scalability daostack voting system the dao stack arc arc.js the archives alchemy the gen economy circular token economy dao economy the gen model dao stack introduction since first appearing the planet, humankind has been constantly inventing new ways organize and increase the scale cooperation with more and more effective structures, from the nuclear family and tribes states, corporations, and the global economy. the most advanced organization thus far, the internet, opened the door for real-time information exchange worldwide scale, but lacks the economic means for general-purpose coordination and global peer-production. the blockchain made this possible providing reliable, open and programmable accounting system, consequently leading the invention the decentralized autonomous organization (dao). daos are open, self-organized networks coordinated crypto-economic incentives and self-executing code, cooperating around shared goals. powered the network effect, daos provide revenue model and incentive for the production open, shareable resources (such open-source code and music file). with the creation more open resources, the dao will able scale indefinitely while keeping its agility and coherence, and many cases outcompete existing corporate structures. daos have attracted top talents the blockchain space, holding promise for more efficient and resilient organizations. despite this, they have lacked critical elements successfully deployed far, and particular adequate decentralized governance system. daostack operating system for daos. with daostack, thousands open-source creators can jointly produce decentralized applications (dapps), while distributing individual ownership the product contributors value. crowd curators can cooperatively own and manage multi-valued ranking systems compete with yelp, tripadvisor, youtube. and autonomous networks can run their collective investment insurance fund. believe daos will radically change the way people organize, from startups corporations, nonprofits and even nation-states. daostack develops the foundational elements needed enable this transition the future work. the next chapter describe the future the dao: acentric, anti-rival scalable cooperation (to defined below). the third chapter explore the topic blockchain and particular dao governance. the fourth chapter present our technology: the dao stack that enables this new form organization, and give multiple examples for its usage. the fifth and last chapter elaborate the daostack economy, the gen token and its engine growth. the common term decentralized', but find acentric' has center) more elegant and accurate. dao stack dao: the future organization the ability well-organize and coordinate large number individuals one the greatest forces and drivers society, which has gone through constant evolution over thousands years. this chapter describe the challenges the legacy organization today, and new possible form web organization: the dao. legacy organizations cooperation agents increases their efficiency with respect external competing market forces. this the basic origin the company and the reason organizations want grow. however, coordination agents entails increasing coordination cost the organization grows, and that why organizations cannot grow indefinitely. when growing, organizations need more rigid structure place, and thus face growing challenge to: maintain agility with respect rapidly changing conditions, and preserve alignment interests, trust and engagement among their members. short, the larger organization is, the more internal friction needs cope with; the smaller is, the more external competition predominant. the actual size company generally the sweet spot balancing between these two forces. once while, the introduction new technology paradigm shift enables the reduction coordinational cost, pushing the scale and efficiency organizations new levels. triggers transition the landscape work and business, and thereafter social change too, was exactly the case with the invention crowdsourcing and the internet itself. the internet allowed for open, real-time and peer-to-peer information exchange global scale. such, the internet media has become more effectively scalable than traditional media outlets, and has quickly assimilated the latter. however, the internet itself does not support open, peer-to-peer exchange value and general-purpose coordination, and thus limited its potential power global cooperation. the blockchain blockchain the second internet revolution, doing for value and business what the internet has done for information and media. allows unprecedented levels crowd coordination eliminating altogether the formalized coase his famous paper "the nature the firm". dao stack issues fault and trust, and consequently forms the technological basis for decentralized autonomous organizations (daos). dao new form scalable, self-organizing cooperation, that operated smart contracts the blockchain. many believe that daos hold the promise for the future business and work, but despite lot traction the blockchain community around this subject, successful governance system and operational basis for daos still missing. agencies the building blocks daos are smart companies agencies (we will use those terms interchangeably). smart agency atomic governance unit that managed and operated with smart contracts the blockchain. has its own token (related benefits the company's resources), its own reputation systems (related credibility and influence company matters), and its own governance system (its "bylaws" encoded smart contracts). the governance protocol embedded the smart contract agency can anything one can come with. simple example proposal-based governance system, with yes/no majority vote proposals needed for approval and execution (which become single action smart companies). proposals might about token distribution, for example, and votes can weighted the voter reputation. will give handful other examples the next chapter. heuristic visualization could look like this: schematic illustration blockchain agency. dao stack the solid balls represent agents the company; their distance from the center reflects their influence power, reputation (the closer they are the more influence they have); and their size reflects their native token possession (the larger the ball the more the company's tokens they hold). one agent proposing allocate eth agent for her valuable contribution fixing bug xxx. the agents the company vote, with their vote weighted their reputation, and soon majority reputation holders agree with the proposal the contract automatically executes the suggested token allocation. daos agencies operate with smart contracts the blockchain. they follow verifiable rules that cannot broken and are changeable only accordance with the rules themselves. they may may not autonomous depending their chosen governance system; for example, agency can reserve veto option its own decision making process for another agency. dao centerless mesh network agencies, which also agency itself. there single point control, failure, the organization. instead central management there indirect coordination between agents, also known biology stigmergy, triggered incentives and code. dao self-organizing entity, and large better resembles organism rather than organization. scalability the one common factor all legacy organizations that they are "sub-scalable". which means that they become less and less effective they grow the number agents and number decisions they need make. free markets, the internet and network-effect based applications (such facebook and airbnb) are all "super-scalable" structures that become more effective they grow members and interactions. with this terminology, the dao "super-scalable organization", that assimilates the efficiency, agility and scalability free markets, while maintaining the coherence startup and the ability pursue scalable missions. dao topology there are various modes decentralization, and accordingly various modes think about daos with respect agency. the commonly known way think about daos the large assembly mode: dao stack the assembly mode dao. assembly mode dao, large number agents are interacting decision making within single agency via its smart contract, assuming that reputation, and thus decision-making power, fairly distributed. despite being the simplest, this mode inherently tension with scalability and has limit its processing capacity, while maintaining resilience. will introduce tricks extend the process capability this dao mode well, but itself cannot the entire answer. the second mode decentralization the ractal federal governance dao stack the fractal federal-governance mode dao. the extreme fractal federal-governance mode dao, the dao agency with few agents, each which itself agency with few agents, each which itself agency, and and forth. reality, the dao would probably somewhere between those two modes, and well beyond, nested mesh network agencies, interwoven with other daos through shared agencies: dao stack the complex mesh-network mode dao. the complex dao mesh network will naturally arise from its building blocks (agencies) with the infrastructure provided the dao stack. power can well distributed meritocratic way across the dao order effectively utilize its collective wisdom and benefit the organization whole. known decentralized structures decentralized structures are abundant nature. the human body decentralized structure made organs, sub-organs and sub-sub-organs, all the way the atomic cells, which themselves have their internal structure. the functionality the body pretty decentralized and cell instruct other cells what do. rather, each cell autonomously operating according inputs receives from its environment. the sense organism --an autonomous and sential human being, emergent phenomena apparent only the collective level. dao stack ant colony decentralized structure. functions without central management control (the queen doesn't decide about the colony, lays eggs), and individual ant behaves reaction the conditions its nearest environment. the sensible colony emergent phenomena the collective level, derived from indirect coordination ants which need not even communicate directly with one another. the internet human-based decentralized structure. acentric system which has gracefully scaled more than users over fifty years existence. its dynamic self-governance helped evolve and upgrade itself over time just like living system. the internet does not support internal value distribution, though, lacks inherent economic incentive model for engagement. its functionality thus limited the distribution information. fact, the blockchain itself the closest existing thing dao (more accurately, dapp). centerless, living organism operated wide crowd engaged members (aka miners with new form internal economic incentive model, opens the door for growth and adoption levels never seen before. the time writing, the bitcoin blockchain network has grown from zero over $bn value without any central management coordination. the ethereum blockchain has similarly grown $bn four years! (which means the lucky investors the ethereum crowdsale have seen their investment going about times that time window.) but the functionality these value-based dapps limited, and additional element needed enable general-purpose daos that could organize around general purposes. the dao stack that missing element. open organizations our current economic system based approximately zero-sum, win-lose game. the force competition triggers evolution toward peak performance, but which maximized with respect local rather than global win. (i.e. company optimizes with respect its own survival, and not with respect the benefit larger whole.) this the problem non-cooperative nash equilibrium. the meaning nash equilibrium that, while another cooperative equilibrium may exist and better for everyone, single agent has the incentive change her strategy alone. problem large-scale coordination that prevents the transition from competition cooperation. this non-cooperative nash equilibrium prevails almost everywhere, but the domain production and development shows clearly the form closure obscurity (if not deceit) knowledge and information, and more generally anti-rival resources. anti-rival resources are unlimited usage, and rather the same holds true for any sovereign entity, down the individual level. dao stack become more valuable the more they are being use. common example code; never consumed, and rather the more eyes are the better (and safer) the code is. the same time, companies have incentive open-source their code, otherwise they would asymmetrically give advantage their competitors. the other hand, clearly, ten competing companies produce similar product, they could have all benefited from co-producing the shared elements their products rather than all independently producing them their own. this conundrum probably most notable the pharmaceutical industry. intellectual property (ip) the traditional means turn anti-rival resources into scarce elements, thus make them sellable, but has become less and less sensible, well practical, today's accelerated pace invention. opening shared resources inconsistent with the current economy. but the other hand, the very basis for large-scale, open collaboration, daos. effective, the dao needs incentivize and reward the sharing reusable components. result, more existing shareable components will support the growth and effectivity the dao. open organizations the means shift from the current non-cooperative nash equilibrium future cooperative state. however, daos will replace the existing corporate structures not because they are nicer more moral, but rather simply since they will far more effective. blockchain governance agency the basic unit governance over the blockchain. blockchain governance system state-transition function, that collects inputs from blockchain addresses and under certain rules spells out output terms the blockchain global state transition. dao stack blockchain governance system. instead unwrapping this statement formal language, let explain via example. example the simplest possible agency manages eth fund, and internally only has its native fnd token. will call fundis. there are only three rules the fundis governance system: the only collective decision that fundis makes sending eth from its main wallet certain blockchain address (i.e. make investment). this action initiated proposal that put some agent: say, agent proposes send eth address then agents vote yes that proposal, weighted the number fnd that the voter has her address: fnd balances blockchain addresses. once majority fnd holders approve proposal, automatically executed. the second rule fundis that upon its establishment, fnd tokens are issued and sended buyers, one fnd per eth, for period one week. the third and final rule that any time, any fnd holder can send his fnd the main fundis wallet, and get back his share the eth existing that wallet that moment, pro rata. his fnd destroyed. there are few immediate issues with this governance system, such as: dao stack might very hard recruit majority fnd holders vote one proposal. this issue related governance scalability, which will discuss length below. can corrupted attack. say, there worth eth the fundis wallet. and, say, that costs buy half all fnd tokens the market. then, agent with enough liquid capital can purchase just above half the fnds the market, and immediately thereafter make proposal send all eth his own address. that's easy hit. this problem related resilience, which the second topic will cover below. not clear (and probably not true) that those who hold more tokens would make the best investment decisions. not deal-breaker, but might leading pretty ineffective investment fund. this tension with meritocracy, which another important criteria. for further illustration, additional attack made making the proposal distribute all fundis eth into addresses that will vote yes this proposal, pro rata. perhaps the beginning decent agents will refrain from approving this cunning proposal; but once the first approvals will come, there will growing pressure for approving (and not losing all your money), until avalanche effect will take place and the cunning proposal will approved. this demonstrate that resilience tricky issue. finally, even after the fundis creators have realized that its governance system heavily flawed, they cannot much about since fundis governance system not upgradable, which another criteria would like impose. this simple governance system highlights almost all the issues with blockchain governance, which will discuss below. also demonstrates the initial statement above: blockchain governance system state-transition function, that collects inputs from blockchain addresses and under certain rules spells out global-state transition." indeed, there are four types inputs that agents can inject into the company: submitting proposal; voting yes existing proposal; sending eth fundis order buy fnd the first week its establishment; and sending fnd fundis order claim back one's eth share. there are three possible actions (resulting with global-state transitions) fundis can make, and three rules its governance system trigger them correspondingly: issuing and sending fnd senders eth the first week fnd per eth); dao stack sending eth from fundis wallet senders fnd, pro rata (and burning the fnd); sending eth address following successful proposal (as described above). reputation systems instead weighing votes agents with their native token stake, company can have different balance sheets denote the influence agents inside votes. generally, reputation scores are non-transferable assets agent cannot transfer its reputation another agent. the simplest case when company has single reputation system meaning, the same influence score for all types decisions. more generally, company can maintain multiple reputation scores that are used for different cases. reputation used here interchangeably with influence power, and can form the basis for meritocratic governance system, where those who are most appreciated due their past contributions have the most influence. one way allocate reputation agents would via proposals. for example, one can propose allocate fndr (fundis reputation score units) agent for her recent valuable contribution reputation can also algorithmically tied with economic remuneration the company contributor value; well with one's votes and evaluations relative the collective. this topic called reputation flow, and will covered somewhere else. reputation systems alone solves most the problems the previous token-based governance system, but still remains unscalable. blockchain governance structure the governance agency can divided into two types actions, the o's and the don'ts the do's are the logical and operational rules under which agency functionalities can triggered. for example: majority reputation holders dao approve the issuance new tokens, token issuance will automatically triggered the dao's smart contract. call these operational logics: governance schemes the don'ts are the restrictions and limitations that must absolutely respected agency, and that cannot violated even approved scheme. for example, dao approves upper cap one million tokens, token-issuance schemes will operate only long the total number tokens issued less than million. call these limitations: global constraints constraints can absolute, they can designed upgradable under specific conditions. dao stack collectively denote governance schemes and global constraints elements given the elements agency, its entire governance protocol (including the protocol change the protocol) unambiguously defined. agency functionalities agency deployed the ethereum blockchain via the dao stack can, principle, anything that can done the blockchain. particular: token distribution each agency dao can issue and distribute its own native tokens contributors value, valued the organization. the issuance native tokens enables the organization the creation its own separate economy. the utility benefit the tokens can anything that the agency decides about, such entitling access the dao's product (we will call these tility tokens entitling share the agency's revenue (we will call those share tokens funds allocation organization can earn, collect via its own-token sale, external tokens such eth, gen other dao's tokens. can keep them reserve, and distribute third parties exchange particular effort contribution. this somewhat analogous agency using its funds compensate contributors, employees other service providers. reputation assignment each agency can assign reputation scores its members. reputation representation one's professional credibility, and thus influence, within the organization. opposed traditional blockchain-based tokens, reputation not transferable. awarded earned specific members, according their merits and contributions made the organization. since reputation tied with decision-making power the organization, more reputation should allocated those who the organization believes make the best decisions. however, order not lock decision-making power over time, the organization might decide that reputation dissipates over time. collective data curation organization can manage its own collective databases objects, and maintain their curation. can the curation articles, website, organizations anything else. the power shared database lies its network effect; everyone are looking the same spot (because it's well-curated), then that spot valuable (and monetizable too). will see below few examples with the collective daostack registries, the archives. dao stack external activity agency can act within another agency single entity. for example, agency can submit proposal inside another agency (or dao), and vote others' proposals. governance upgrade each organization can configure and update its own governance system. approving removing certain elements, the agency defines how functions, what can cannot do, and what are the mechanisms for changing these governance schemes. schemes schemes are logical functions made series instructions that take particular set inputs, and process them generate particular set outputs. schemes can designed virtually anything, although most them will trigger one the basic functionalities agency, such token and fund allocation, reputation assignment and protocol upgrade. common schemes are based proposals the proposition trigger some the basic actions agency particular way. these will then voted with yes and possibly approved, resulting the automatic execution the proposal. simple rewarding scheme for example, simple rewarding scheme dao can follows: agent submits proposal the dao reward tokens and reputation bits another agent for contribution made the dao. anyone can vote yes this proposal, weighted their dao reputation score. once majority the dao reputation holders vote yes, the dao's operating system executes the proposal and allocates tokens and reps the contributing agent. note that this agent can also yet another agency. similarly, when looking back the fundis example above, had three rules, which could written three distinct schemes. thus, the entire governance system fundis describable via those three elements. will use this modularized formalism the next chapter, when describing the dao stack and particular the arc governance framework. more complicated example for the sake illustration, fairly more complicated reward scheme could described follows: more generally, daostack agency can act anywhere within the blockchain domain, thus preserving full interoperability with other systems. e.g. agency daostack can open user company aragon the agency can also upgrade the technology stack itself, either upgraded version daostack, whole new architecture. dao stack agent submits proposition requesting rewarded for particular contribution. the scheme triggers alternative voting system, enabling anyone holding reputation the dao propose specific number tokens award the agent with. votes are weighted the reputation score each voter, and the total amount tokens awarded equals the weighted median all voters. soon more reputation holders have expressed vote, and not more than reputation was engaged the vote during the last day, the dao will allocate the amount tokens and proportionate amount reputation the contributing agent, following the median that moment. more generally, the spectrum possible scheme's design nearly endless. schemes can activate different actions (including the functionalities mentioned above), incorporate variety different logics, and rely variety different voting systems which might associate voting power with reputation, tokens, combination both. another common typology schemes the one allowing daos offer their native tokens for sale under some conditions (the so-called token sales). global constraints global constraints are specific conditions that can attached particular agency dao and that will limit its functionalities. general rule, for any operation through within particular agency, must comply with the list constraints configured the organization. regardless the list approved schemes the agency, none these schemes will able trigger particular functionality the organization doing would not conform with even single one the global constraints. for instance, global constraints that might adopted daos and agencies include: upper cap imposed the total amount tokens that can issued the organization. rate token inflation (i.e. dynamic cap) over time period (e.g. per month). burn rate the usage the agency's funds. maximum amount reputation that can issued within particular time period. list agents that can request the issuance more tokens reputation (i.e. whitelisting). the registries from which the dao can approve new schemes. this the largest number that more voting reputation has assigned larger equal number it. dao stack organization can define certain global constraints permanent and others modifiable. the latter case, the organization will also define under what conditions these constraints can updated (e.g. decision token holders, only via this that specific scheme). scalability the scalability decentralized governance system inherent tension with its resilience. decentralization requires the system open for random participants under certain rules (i.e. uses open protocol resilience mean that need enough participants review every decision. but this clearly tension with the scarce resource participants' attention, whether computing power the case blockchain, human attention case dao governance. argue that there are generally three ways resolve (to some degree) the tension scalability and resilience decentralized governance system, which are: compositionality attention monetization, and relative majority the blockchain itself form decentralized governance system, which these mechanisms are analogous to: sharding gas and ff-chain computations. compositionality consider the following two cases. the first, nine agents company with equal votes. the second, three agents company with equal votes, each which itself company, composed three agents with equal votes. sub-company casts its votes the mother company soon develops its decision via internal majority. the assembly vs. federated governance. dao stack easy see that the first case, requires the attention and consensus five human agents order cast decision the mother company; whereas sufficient have the consensus four human agents the second scenario form decision the mother company. this very simple example illustrates the fact that compositionality fractalization governance systems makes them more scalable. one can argue that this have compromised resilience (as less human agents can take over the system); but can also observe that not any configuration four human agents the second scenario can form decision the mother company. with deeper scrutiny can shown that under different assumptions the resilience the second case can weaker stronger. monetization attention forming decision requires the attention voters. the more decisions are there evaluate, the more attention needed. however, attention scarce resource. one way another, form resilient decentralized decision-making system, attention should monetized reflect its inherent scarcity. the bitcoin blockchain formed terms transaction fees and the ethereum blockchain gas for dao governance, attention needs monetized with the token that reflects the community agents whose attention being called for. for internal dao decisions that would likely the dao token, whereas for inter-dao activities would use gens (gen), the daostack ecosystem token. note that monetization attention does not buy decisions, but only buys the attention over proposals; will elaborate this point further below. relative majority naively, straight-forward way form scalable decision-making process demanding only relative majority approve decision. relative majority mean that the majority approvals only with respect those who cast their vote and not all potential voters the system. dao stack the size the balls reflect the voting power agents. the empty balls are those who have not cast their vote specific proposal; the darker balls voted yes, and the lighter balls voted no. clearly, there absolute majority approvals, but there relative majority approvals out all voting agents. note that relative majority votes requires finite time window for the proposal considered. solve this problem, previous systems governance introduced quorum the minimal amount voting power that needs engaged into decision make legitimate for approval. the problem with quorum that impossible fix the right amount it, and will either damage resilience set too low, scalability set too high, and possibly both. all, quorum needs dynamic. describe next resilient governance protocol, without quorum, that based relative majority and attention monetization. attention funnel another trick improve scalability programmatically focus the entire collective attention any given time few decisions, and thus enhance attention per decision and guarantee resilience. describe through example, the simplest decision-making protocol that potentially decentralized, resilient and partially scalable the number agents the organization can have, but not the number decisions the organization can make. the protocol described with the following steps: proposals decisions are initiated proposals; proposals are submitted agents and are then voted with dao stack reputation agents' votes are weighted with their reputation. confine single reputation system per company for now. sub-companies and sub-sub-companies dao will focus specific branches production decision making. this fractal framework, the notion single reputation score per company not inconceivable. boosted proposals once proposal boosted means defined below opened for voting for finite time (say, weeks), the end which decision yes made according the relative majority voters reputation (i.e. majority out all those who placed vote during that time). quiet ending avoid finalization attacks, the effective decision (majority yes no) cannot changed the ending interval (of, say, day). meaning, the last day opening the majority changed from yes (or vice versa), the opening interval extended another day. the vote closed only once there change decision during the last day voting. boosting stack any point time there can only finite number boosted proposals, say, all other proposals stand queue, and are ordered ranking system. every time proposal the boosting stack finalized, the proposal with the highest rank the queue enters the boosting stack and opened for finite-time voting. promotion anyone can propagate proposal the queue placing gen tokens stake. the proposal successful the promoter gets back her tokens plus some possible profit; and otherwise they are destroyed, going the dao, distributed voters according the specifics the protocol. ranking system the ranking system proposals the queue can function and where the amount reputation already voting yes (no) this proposal and the total amount tokens staked promote that proposal. simple sensible choice could be, for example, (r+ note that anyone can promote existing proposal, not only the proposer. finally, rather than limiting the number boosted proposals, can have boosting threshold for the scoring function proposals queue, above which proposals are being boosted. this alternative way solves for scalability, but again potentially compromises resilience. additional element needed. holographic consensus have discussed above variety solutions resolve the scalability problem governance systems, the core tension between scalability and resilience; but least far did partially. this issue for any consensus dao stack system: too much the collective attention spent each decision makes the system unscalable; while too little potentially makes not resilient faulty decisions, not representative the consensus. naive consensus simply not scalable. fully overcome this problem decentralized and scalable governance system has allow for "edge decisions" that are made non-majority groups, long they are ensured line with the consensus. coin this situation "holographic consensus", reminiscent hologram which each little piece the three-dimensional image contains the information the entire picture. while fully elaborate this separate article, would like draw here the basic principles behind holographic consensus. holographic consensus want eliminate possible mismatches between decisions made small groups behalf the greater majority and the decision that would have been made the greater majority itself, enough attention was available. eliminate possible mismatches, introduce novel prediction game, which anyone not necessarily dao reputation holder can place predictions, backed stake, the fate proposals. you can identify under-appreciated proposal and place gen stake the prediction that this proposal will pass once attaining the collective attention. vice versa, you can stake gen predicting that certain proposal over-hyped and will not pass soon being boosted and tightly considered. correct predictors make profits, and incorrect ones lose their stake. playing the prediction game predictors contribute the governance process signaling to, filtering and maintaining the governance process. finding out these social mismatches, inefficiencies, the most important part making collective attention more efficient and governance system more scalable. providing stake-backed predictions, the predictors provide valuable signals the governing network about proposals that are under over evaluated. open market much more efficient signaling than static governing body. the same time, proposals are only boosted once enough stake has been predicting that they will pass this dao, and thus this predicting game also used filtering layer. and finally, once proposal being boosted, there enough predictors' skin the game make sure the process effective and that whoever needs participating indeed participated. use crypto-economics incentives "outsource" the navigation the collective attention daos professional network predictors. there's much more write about this topic, and will. but the meanwhile, we'd like note that the suggested solution holographic consensus comes close analogy the way scalability being solved for blockchains with off-chain computations. the legacy consensus paradigm that "everyone need look everything" replaced with the idea that "everyone can look everything; there nice profit for right behavior; dao stack descent penalty for wrong behavior; and reward fish and signal right and wrong behaviors". similar logic has also appeared polkadot's fishermen protocol. the dao stack daostack provides the foundational tools for the creation, operation and governance daos, internally and externally within broader ecosystem. nutshell, can regarded analogue wordpress for daos does for blockchains what wordpress has done for the web. this vision made possible with the following stack components place: sketch the dao stack. the daostack ecosystem made multitude distinct but interoperable daos, interacting with one another order maximize the potential benefit open and distributed collaboration. the technical level, all daos are made series smart contracts, deployed through arc solidity framework governance dao stack allowing create, configure, deploy and operate daos onto the ethereum blockchain, possibly relying ipfs overlay network for data storage and retrieval. people can interact with these daos either directly, through the execution blockchain transactions, indirectly, relying particular front-end the underlying blockchain ecosystem. alchemy the collaborative dapp developed internally daostack, enabling anyone create new agency dao and start collaborating with others the daostack ecosystem. relies arc.js javascript library that operates the arc solidity framework via web.js. designed make easy for front-end javascript developers create collaborative applications top arc without the need interact directly with the solidity code the ethereum blockchain. the archives public set registries, curated the daostack community and serving its global ecosystem. where the ecosystem and network effect builds up. arc arc general governance framework for interacting internet blockchain agencies, the basic operating system for daos. open-source, modular and general-purpose framework design, and comes with open library template governance modules, elements that will evolve the needs its users. also allows easy upgrade and modification governance system better fit the organization's needs over time. arc not limited specific set governance systems, and makes easy for third parties create their own elements per their needs. combining available elements each agency can implement its own governance system that specifies the rules for the issuance, management and assignment scarce resources, including transferable assets (e.g. tokens) and non-transferable assets (e.g. reputation). architecture arc elegantly implements smart contracts the basic decomposition governance systems discussed the previous chapter, with: actions, schemes and global constraints that every agency can built of. below visual representation the logic and smart contract architecture the arc framework: while arc currently based ethereum, the framework aims blockchain agnostic once other technolog ies mature and become interoperab with one another. dao stack sketch the arc contract bundle per agency. the controller the controller contract the main engine the agency. "owned" and gets commands from the subscribed schemes alone, which operate its functions. via its functions its sends commands the actors contracts: the token and reputation printers, the funds wallet and the avatar, well the upgrading functions the governance system and the technical architecture itself. subscribed elements subscribed schemes and constraints are elements that have been registered previous scheme which allowed register schemes. agency usually begins its life with one such scheme, the genesis scheme but can add new ones that can register unregister certain elements under certain conditions. dao stack agent's input the only interface for agents interact with the agency via its subscribed schemes. each scheme comes with its specific "knobs" (functions) which can operated external agents (blockchain addresses) via transactions that call and operate these functions. token printer the token printer issues and allocates the native tokens the agency agents. "owned" and gets commands from the controller alone. reputation printer the reputation printer assigns the agency reputation agents. "owned" and gets commands from the controller alone. wallet the wallet will implemented next version (at the moment the avatar also the wallet). holds external funds owned the agency and distributes them agents. "owned" and gets commands from the controller alone. avatar the avatar the "face" the agency (and its address), which acts externally and capable doing via the help particular schemes anything that can done the blockchain. particular, can participate agent other agencies e.g. submit and vote proposals behalf its agency. also the identity which reputation other agencies assigned. protocol upgrade the controller can when receiving commands from the subscribed schemes register new schemes and constraints unregister old ones. since the governance protocol agency fully specified via its elements every agency can easily upgrade and modify its governance system (if this ability rooted its existing protocol). the conditions perform protocol upgrade are defined subscribed schemes that can operate the elements-(un)registration. the agency can have different conditions register unregister different elements. (e.g. might require majority reputation holders modify the schemes and most the constraints, but majority token holders increase the token supply.) dao stack technical upgrade the controller has one special function that transfers its ownership over all the actor contracts new address. whatever would this new address, will have complete control over the assets (transferable and non-transferable, such reputation other agencies) the agency. can upgrade improved architecture arc, whole new architecture, desired the agency. example present below illustration the interaction between the above elements: agent wants activate certain "reward scheme" particular dao. the agent will submit transaction the smart contract that scheme (possibly via one the dapps integrated with arc), along with the relevant input required for that scheme (e.g. agency, number and type tokens, recipient address, etc.). other agents may approve this request with their vote. once enough votes approve the request defined that specific reward scheme the reward scheme will command the controller execute the proposal (with the specific parameters), and the controller will command the relevant acting contract execute the reward allocation. all functions governed the controller are subject the global constraints registered the dao. global constraints act both ex-ante and ex-post modifier. before executing any function, the controller required run all global constraints stored the array ensure that they all return false this particular point time. given that the state the dao might change after function has been executed, once execution completed, the controller required once again through all global constraints, and will revert everything the previous state any them returns false. universal elements elements schemes and constraints are universal design. meaning, all daos can rely the same universal element contracts rather than deploying their own contract each time. the only contracts that are deployed independently for each agency are the controller and the actors. such design contributes the scalability, functionality and security the framework. design principles arc was designed with the following design principles mind: dao stack generality arc general framework that supports indefinite number governance elements. arc's library schemes and global constraints will grow with the addition new templates and modules, possibly developed third parties and the open-source daostack development community. when combined, will allow for people experiment with increasingly large number governance protocols, and consequently for the successful ones float evolution and natural selection. modularity the arc framework highly modular design. every dao's governance structure made small building blocks (the governance modules, elements that can easily added, combined, edited removed. this modularity becomes point efficiency that these building blocks not need redeployed onto the blockchain, rather only referred to, saving both storage and operation cost. moreover, makes development sophisticated governance protocols easier and easier the more building blocks exist. last but not least, makes contract security management much more sane, whereas writing entire protocols each time from scratch inconceivable security wise. simplicity arc has been designed with strong emphasis simplicity terms both technical design and usability. the modularity the framework makes possible focus individual building blocks, whose complexity can kept the minimum. the building blocks are modular and reused, each will receive lot individual scrutiny, affording higher level vetting and the corresponding greater level security. facilitate ease use, arc, bundles smart contracts can deployed with single transaction. upgradability the governance structure each dao can easily upgraded use new schemes and constraints different parameters existing ones. more granularly, each dao created through the arc framework comes with particular set rules, which default include rules change the rules. addition, the dao also comes with the ability upgrade its technical architecture and evolve better and better one over time. interoperability arc designed facilitate interactions and promote interoperability between different agencies and daos. practice, means that agencies can interface with other agencies seamless manner, exchange tokens, form agreements, act individual agents within other agencies and acquire their tokens and reputation. arc makes possible for mesh network interconnected agencies emerge and spontaneously create the dao ecosystem. openness open frameworks such wordpress, google add-ons and android invite independent developers create their own apps, templates and integrations thereby instantiating and supporting vibrant development community and which turn benefits the framework with wide set dao stack applications. similarly, expect daostack attract developers from the ethereum community develop their own governance modules frontend dapps thus creating thriving plethora templates, modules, and applications for this emergent ecosystem. the daostack code fully open source, backend and frontend. another aspect arc open protocol that all integrated collaborative dapps are potentially interoperable with one another. just users two web applications can interact with each other since both apps ride the same open protocol (http), then users two collaborative dapps riding arc will potentially able interact with one another (if enabled the collaborative dapps). arc.js arc pretty extended solidity framework, the integration with which requires sufficient acquaintance with the solidity smart-contract programming language and the ethereum blockchain. make the integration third-party apps simple for enthusiastic front-end (javascript) developers, have designed arc.js easy javascript gate. arc.js javascript library built top web.js (ethereum's javascript api), with which any functionality the arc framework can called directly from within the javascript environment, without knowledge the solidity programming language. expect this additional layer make the arc framework (and the rest the dao stack) extensively more accessible for the open-source development community, and third parties, and thus greatly promote the early adoption the dao stack and the growth its ecosystem. the archives arc the basis operating layer for the daostack ecosystem, and the archives are its shared, curated records. shared, curated registries can very powerful, providing central locus for data integrity and data quality; but more so, they are the locus for the ecosystem network effect, which also source for another open-ecosystem monetization (i.e. business model). will describe below the basic archives daostack: compendium, mosaic and the hive registries, and will explain the monetization model behind them. beyond these, each agency dao can have their own independent registries, and particular daostack can also have many other registries the future. dao stack compendium arc's open framework makes possible for anyone deploy new governance elements schemes and constraints. for the purpose security, daos will likely decide limit themselves schemes that have gone through exhaustive and professional audit, and more so, have been heavily battle tested. for that purpose, daostack has implemented its own "app store" for elements, the compendium, which records all governance modules that have been approved the daostack expert community. compendium provides additional utility the gens. one one hand, would cost gens deploy governance module onto the registry. the other hand, independent developers who develop and register their own elements compendium can have universal business model, collecting particular amount gens (voted the daostack community) upon every subscription new agency that module. app store for governance modules. all the elements developed the daostack founding team will remain free charge for the community. once there network effect users using the compendium for the elements they subscribe to, the value proposition this registry will appreciate and accordingly its monetization capability. will more profitable for developers publish their elements this registry, and thus pay the registration fee. the registration fee also useful filter spam publications, will only profitable the element will approved and sufficiently used the daostack ecosystem. mosaic daostack also implements organization registry that records list and metadata all agencies and daos deployed through the arc framework. this database critical for the interoperability all collaborative dapps and organizations the daostack ecosystem. mosaic will curated the daostack community, which also implements search engine facilitate discovery. just like the case the compendium, will cost gens register promote organization the mosaic registry. the hive the hive where innovators, professionals and stakeholders can meet each other within multiple organizations. open billboard that everyone can use post requests offers, which are registered and can promoted spending gens. the hive registry curated the daostack community, which, again, also implements search engine facilitate discovery. while each collaborative dapp may have its own (non-blockchain) database, the hive where all collaborative dapps can maintain data interoperability and enhance the network effect. dao stack alchemy the dao stack designed make easy for independent developers and third parties develop their own collaborative application top arc and integrated with the dao stack and its community. the same time, daostack itself develops its native collaborative dapp which makes easy interface with arc: open agencies and daos, configure their governance protocol, make proposals and vote existing ones, collaborate with others projects and much more. intended first interface this new world work and organization. its alpha stage, alchemy app for crowd management resources, enabling organization significantly increase their decision-making capacity and deploy large capital large communities, effectively. alchemy ready launch for pilot the ethereum mainnet. the gen economy circular token economy agencies, daos and dapps (decentralized applications) are all based circular token economies. the general idea that tokens are being distributed contributors value for value that contributed the network. the other hand, the same tokens gain benefit from the value created the network. the more value being created the higher the value the tokens, the more the organization can incentivize the contribution more value, and and forth. the dapp model the dapp model the utility and thus value the tokens directly related the usage network application. tokens are being distributed contributors value the network: builders, early adopters and maintainers the dapp. the other side, the usage the dapp requires the spend those same tokens. for example, ether was distributed founders and builders the ethereum blockchain, and now being distributed miners that maintain the network. the other hand, ether needs spent users order process autonomous computations the ethereum blockchain use its storage. success the dapp drives the demand for its usage, thus the demand for its token and thus the token's value. the more people run computations the ethereum blockchain the more ether they would need spend, and the higher would its value the open market (given its limited supply). dao stack dao economy the added feature dao with respect dapp its ability process and execute general-purpose collective decision making. there are various domains decisions dao can engage with, and accordingly various categories daos (and the possible hybrid those). decentralized collaboration when the governance system the dao used for decisions about the incentivization and reward contributions the dao itself, would call ecentralized collaboration already seen from the blockchain dapps, the token-distribution incentive model works very well driving engagement and adoption. the bitcoin network, miners adoption rate looks like this: total hashing power the bitcoin network has grown exponentially and multiplied about millions times over the past years, due the built-in economic incentive mining. however, the blockchain case, miners are only the maintainers the network, and direct reward awarded for the developers the network its early adopters. newer projects tokens are commonly distributed founders the project, and the founders bounties other contributors value. but this incentivization model cannot systematized and scaled without the governance system the dao. with dao stack and, for example, the relative-majority decision-making protocol described above tokens can easily distributed contributors value, including developers, promoters and early adopters network. there limit (unless chosen the dao itself) the purpose and rate reward contributions, and dao stack allows for crowd engagement and coordination unprecedented levels. the token decentralized collaboration tied the result that collaboration. for example, the result dapp, then the tokens distributed the decentralized collaboration are the dapp tokens. decentralized cooperative the dapp model the purpose the network create and support application, and the value the token tied the usage that application. share model fits the situation where the purpose the agency, network, simply gain external revenue. can agency that developing inside bigger agency, dao, and receives its tokens return; can investment dao that invests other projects and intended make return investment. either case, the value the token tied with the external revenue the organization, and this relationship can implemented various ways. one way implement redemption scheme whereby the agency (or dao) tokens are made redeemable against the funds existing the agency wallet, pro rata, and thus the value the token derived from the revenue made the agency. other implementations can involve dividend other mechanisms. this model the dao decentralized cooperative and its token resembles its share. decentralized curation network daos can also organize around the curation content. the value the network then manifested having shared locus information, thus shared locus attention, the dao registries. once there network effect attention looking the same point, that point can monetized the network itself. the network curates the objects posted the its registries, and promoters content would pay with the network's token post and promote content. posting low-quality content would result negative curation, and thus reduction the poster's reputation. promotion content tied both with boosting fees and the endorsing reputation; thus, the better the content promoter is, curated the network, the cheaper would for him post again the same network, and vice versa. the gen model daostack dao that involves the three above categories. incentivizes contributors participate and develop the dao stack and its ecosystem. that sense ecentralized collaboration intends use part its raised funds (collected via its token sale) for investments projects that would come top the dao stack (as well projects which will build and enhance the dao stack), and accelerate the ecosystem, while also expecting return investments. that sense decentralized cooperative finally, will also decentralized curation network particularly for governance elements and daos, but possibly for many other dao stack things. all contexts, the gen the token that drives the effective navigation the collective attention daos top the daostack ecosystem, and particular the token that engines the prediction games described above that are critical for holographic consensus and effective governance large organizations. the daostack code fully open source, backend and frontend, and found here github dao stack