dapp network and dapp token whitepaper latest update: feb th, table contents overview: introducing liquidapps the dapp token the vram system ii. vram system components iii. vram operation setup ongoing processing txs with vram iv. dapp service providers (dsps) dsp functionality vram system model vi. dapp token distribution mechanism parameters distribution vii. founding team viii. roadmap summary risks disclaimer this whitepaper being provided the liquidapps foundations liquidapps the token generator "), for informational purposes only and not binding legal agreement. the purchase and supply dapp tokens dapp app tokens shall governed written terms and conditions, which separate document that will provided purchasers who qualify participate the token generation event. this whitepaper may amended from time-to-time. liquidapps whitepaper overview: introducing liquidapps the dapp network liquidapps' mission promote mass scale adoption decentralized applications (dapps), introducing set technical solutions that make developing blockchains substantially easier affordable: the dapp network while blockchain technology increases both sophistication and awareness, still remains difficult for people utilize its potential. one reason for this disconnect the lack decentralized apps, dapps which provide critical utility and engaging experiences for mainstream users. "killer apps" are those which organically grow usage the point where substantial segment the population uses them regular basis without necessarily having deep understanding the underlying technologies (such the tcp/ip protocols behind the internet). while consumer applications like cryptokitties demonstrate the current scaling challenges platforms like ethereum, vibrant ecosystem developers and dapps continues evolve. today, the most popular dapps are the gaming, online-gambling and exchange categories but tomorrow, their functionality and reach may vast that the internet. rivals ethereum's blockchain platform dominance emerge, new technical challenges and opportunities. while the eos blockchain introduces potentially unlimited scale and speed, the ram and cpu resources needed operate the eos blockchain are not cheap, are limited, and are expected become even more result successful adoption creating chicken and egg constrained ecosystem. technical solution required allow dapp developers easily externalize cpu and ram from the eos blockchain and utilize commonly required functionality accessible and affordable manner. liquidapps proud introduce the dapp network native token known dapp multi-purpose utility token designed power ecosystem utilities, resources, services specifically serving the needs dapp developers building user-centric dapps. liquidapps whitepaper the dapp network paves the way for entirely new class decentralized applications emerge -those previously unimaginable due the systemic limitations the existing technology stack. introducing new ecosystem collaboration and incentives, long-tail truly diverse, creative and useful dapps will likely emerge. this whitepaper, liquidapps introduces the first utility the dapp token the vram system. vram alternative storage solution for developers building eos dapps that compatible with the existing ram system, decentralized, and enables storing retrieving potentially unlimited amounts data affordably and efficiently. liquidapps released the first key products powered the dapp token the community, seeding the tools for developers build and create the dapp network. with this vision mind, liquidapps set roadmap suggesting successive tools and services for developers which have the potential contribute dapp scalability. the growth the dapp network aims increase the ease, speed, and affordability building scalable dapps blockchains today. liquidapps whitepaper the vram system the eos blockchain represents significant milestone the advancement public blockchains. with market value over $,,, and approx. new accounts added each week (as jan th, its sheer processing capability distinguishes well positioned support the next wave paradigm shifting dapps. the first use the dapp token built enhance one the core functional features the eos blockchain, ram resource that used store data. order develop eos, dapp developers must own and use ram. currently, ram usage limited for two main reasons: costs more than eos/mb (as jan th, has capped supply, which currently ~gb (anticipated increase dec st, gb), both severely limiting the capabilities dapp developers and their applications. the vram system ("vram") introduces three innovations for blockchain developers: affordable access storage. potentially unlimited amounts storage. off-chain processing with on-chain integrity. vram alternative storage solution for developers building eos dapps that ram-compatible, decentralized, and aims enable storing retrieving potentially unlimited amounts data affordably and efficiently. additionally, vram intends remove the current correlation between the cost memory (ram) and the size smart contracts (which need stored), using ram cache memory. dapp developers today are restricted their efforts build eos because they struggle pay ram costs and/or their dapps require ram that far exceeds the current otal supply. with the introduction liquidapps whitepaper vram complement ram, dapp developers will able envision new types decentralized applications and user interactions that today's technical constraints prohibit. liquidapps whitepaper ii. vram system components the vram system comprised the following main components: the dapp token the first utilization the dapp token allows you interact with ram cache memory. eos contract can only read and write data from actual ram. order allow additional capacity, vram introduces mechanism load the data from vram the ram decentralized and trustless manner, using dapp token. the dapp token will serve the application access token the vram system, enabling access and use the system's read and write functionality. the dapp token does not grant additional rights. the dapp token may enabled other blockchains well and needs staked the dapp developer order enable use vram. dapp token smart contract manages the dapp tokens' stakes which are required order access the vram system and enable its functionality. the vram library any smart contract which uses vram instead ram includes the vram library which enables the user contract read and write the same programmatic interface ram tables (multi-index tables). dapp service providers ("dsp") anyone that operates server running the dsp node (as defined below). dsps may offer customized service packages that include: the amount storage space offered for use, servers' specifications, and the corresponding amount dapp tokens one must stake order use each package ("dsp service package"). dsp nodes the vram network consists nodes which are operated dapp service providers. dsp nodes function redundant and trustless stores data the network. each node provides eosio api service, which dapps submit their transactions ("txs"), order make the relevant data accessible the contract before executing action. user contracts smart contracts deployed eos dapp developers that include the standard code provided liquidapps (the vram library) enabling compatibility and operation using vram. user contracts interact with the vram system long the user contract equipped with sufficient amount dapp tokens support the dapp's read/write demands. liquidapps whitepaper iii. vram system operation setup order use the vram system, dapp developer needs complete the following: integrate the vram library into the user contracts from which data will written/read from the vram database. select the dsp service package/s that satisfies the initial dapp data storage and access requirements. acquire dapp tokens the applicable amount accommodate for the required data storage and access needs. stake the dapp tokens the user contracts through the vram library, assigning the staked tokens the specific dsp data storage and access package/s selected the dapp developer. you may utilize unused dapp tokens vote for dsp/s that you believe support and strengthen the community. maintenance similarly ram, dapp developers are required monitor their vram usage (and amount dapp tokens staked) and change their chosen dsp service packages when needed order avoid service interruptions due insufficient resources (e.g. too small service plan insufficient dapp tokens staked). liquidapps whitepaper processing txs with the vram system the process for executing user contracts follows: client sends standard user contract that uses vram. the sent through dsp node's eosio api. the dsp node detects all the data required the tx, which not found ram (since yet written there) but exists vram (see above section the dsp executes the action local synchronized eos node the user contract runs the transaction locally and when trying access the required data, throws exception (assertion failure). the data missing from the ram this exception can considered way signal the dsp request its services. the dsp catches the exception and parses the service request. the dsp verifies that the dapp developer stakes the sufficient dapp tokens required. the dsp node relays the data along with cryptographic validity proof the data the user contract. this called "warm-up request". the user contract verifies the cryptographic proof and loads the data ram. the dsp sends the actual from the client the user contract. this point, all the required data the ram. the user contract requires modification data stored vram, dispatches event with the new data which caught the dsp, that caches locally. the new data now present the chain history. the user contract calculates and stores the signature needed for the cryptographic proof for the next read, and also saves the data ram. the user contract signal the dsps evict the data from ram (signaling performed using the transaction output. (e.g. the console output field). the dsp sends action the user contract (cleanup), the user contract deletes the data from ram while leaving the signature allow for verifying the integrity the next warm-up request. stated above, data lost part the chain history. liquidapps whitepaper cross-chain functionality the vram system the vram system can also serve shared memory between chains. passing vram data pointers (e.g. ipfs pointers) between chains they will available dsps more than one chain. this way, once ibc (inter-blockchain communication) available, the vram system will allow infinite "ibc bandwidth" addition its core functionalities. liquidapps whitepaper iv. dapp service providers (dsps) any individual entity can become dsp. dsps maintain complete autonomy over all aspects their operation. each dsp can offer customized data packages accompanied predefined terms determined the dsp. the dsps are incentivized the dapp token inflation defined below the section "dapp token distribution mechanism". dsp functionality standard api endpoint the eos blockchain. warm-ups: the user contract holds temporary cache (which stored the standard ram). whenever action called, the dsp simulates the action and gathers all the required data points needed the action. then, the dsp sends warm-up request request containing both the data points and cryptographic signature for those data points. this request, after being verified the user contract, loaded temporarily into the temporary ram cache table. proof/data indexing for selected datasets: the actual vram data and proofs are effectively being stored the chain history. order provide fast access for those elements when performing the warm-up requests, the dsps listen the block history real time and store the latest versions different data points and proof accessible location (e.g. ipfs, disk, sql). dsps allow for many additional custom external services, many which will created the community, several are outlined the roadmap section below. liquidapps whitepaper dapp network system model order gain access the vram system and services facilitated the dsps, dapp developers must stake dapp tokens the user contracts. the amount dapp tokens required each user contract should the applicable amount dapp tokens needed accommodate the dapp's read/write needs and should match the selected dsp package requirements. note that the dapp developer may stake more than the minimum amount needed order vote for specific dsp. dapp developer may maintain multiple stakes dapp tokens assigned enable services from different dsps. this ensure, among other things, service redundancy for potential cases dsp unavailability. the dapp token smart contract generates new dapp tokens ongoing basis, annualized inflation rate that can range between inflation which will apply the total supply dapp tokens. the dapp token smart contract allocates the inflation the dsps pro-rata the amount dapp tokens staked and assigned the dsps. the said staked amounts are calculated accumulated block-to-block basis, and distribution executed cycle basis. the inflation rate will set initially .%, afterwhich, the inflation may updated from time time the community annualized inflation rate between order receive the inflation dapp tokens, dsps must claim the tokens from the dapp generator smart contact. the first time dsp can claim dapp tokens possible only block after dapp tokens were first staked one his service packages. once the dsp claims the dapp tokens, will not able claim again until least hours have passed since his last claim and forth. liquidapps whitepaper vi. dapp token distribution mechanism parameters symbol: dapp total supply: ,,, billion), will issued the starting day, and distributed among the participants the vendor smart contracts each cycle detailed section transferable soon distribution begins. all dapp tokens are generated the token generator and distributed through the vendor smart contract. distribution the total supply dapp tokens will sold sale cycles, over days two separate vendor smart contracts hosted behalf the token generator. there two vendor smart contracts, offer total amount dapp tokens per cycle (an -hour cycle) (the cycle quota "). each cycle quota will split evenly between the two vendor smart contracts. participants may choose which vendor smart contract they wish purchase dapp tokens from, the vendor smart contracts are the eos blockchain. both vendor smart contracts are similar that both accept eos and allocate dapp tokens contributors. however, the difference that one vendor smart contract supports instant purchase, while the other requires boarding procedure. the end each cycle: the cycle quota dapp tokens distributed the cycle participants pro-rata the amounts sent each the two vendor smart contracts. each individual vendor smart contract sends the eos tokens received the token generator. liquidapps whitepaper for example: cycle quota: dapp tokens total eos tokens received that cycle: eos tokens participant sent amount eos tokens, meaning the end the cycle received ,/,*,, dapp tokens. the dapp tokens will "air-hodl" vested airdrop) the eos community. every eos token holder block number will distributed dapp tokens pro-rata basis (up maximum million eos tokens) pioneer holders "). the amount dapp tokens received pioneer holders will continuously vest (on block-by-block basis) over period years starting from the day the air-hodl, that complete withdrawal tokens will possible after years. any pioneer holder choosing withdraw the air-hodl-ed tokens before the end said years will only receive the vested portion (e.g. the distributed dapp tokens will vested after months). any pioneer holder choosing release (and\or sell) the air-hodl-ed tokens before they are fully vested contributes the remaining unvested dapp tokens those who are still holding their air-hodl tokens, increasing the distribution for those remaining pioneer holders. however, pioneer holders can stake their vested dapp tokens dapp service providers, and doing so, those air-hodled tokens will not considered withdrawn. the date the air-hodl will published later stage. the dapp tokens will distributed our launch partners, design partners, other partners, and advisors, with (of the dapp tokens) unlocked and the rest continuously vested (on block-by-block basis) over period years. however, unvested tokens may staked. the dapp tokens will designated towards our grants and bounties programs, vested (on block-by-block basis) over period years. however, unvested tokens may staked. the dapp tokens will distributed liquidapps and founders, with (of the dapp tokens) unlocked and the rest continuously vested (on block-by-block basis) over period years. however, unvested tokens may staked. liquidapps whitepaper vii. founding team beni hakak co-founder and ceo beni the ceo and co-founder liquidapps and liquideos. was formerly director operations bancor and strategic consultant manager ernst young. prior that beni served elite technology unit the israeli defense forces and graduated from israel's top technology institute, technion, industrial engineering and management. beni discovered blockchain three years ago has been creating, advising, and working for companies the space ever since. tal muskal co-founder and cto tal the cto liquidapps and senior technical advisor bancor, focusing blockchain interoperability. has co-founded numerous start-ups and brings over years experience software development. tal entrepreneur and advisor the forefront bleeding edge technologies from hardware and embedded systems deep learning and cryptography. eyal hertzog co-founder eyal product architect bancor. has been leader the cryptocurrency and consumer internet spaces for the last two decades. prior his role bancor, eyal founded user-generated video site called metacafe and one the first social networks the world, contact.com. eyal has been active blockchain since and gained deep understanding the scaling challenges faced developers focused building mass market dapps. liquidapps whitepaper galia benartzi co-founder galia the head business development bancor. she has founded number startups and initiatives both silicon valley and israel, and was venture partner peter thiel's founders fund. galia leading figure the crypto world having spoken the united nations, tedx the oslo freedom forum, amongst others, and passionate proponent israeli technology diversity the workplace. guy benartzi co-founder guy co-founder bancor, where leads strategy and operational excellence. prior his role bancor, guy co-founded four consumer internet application companies and also served their ceo through their acquisitions, including mytopia and particlecode. guy has been actively involved blockchain and cryptocurrency for number years early adopter, entrepreneur and investor. yudi levi co-founder yudi the cto bancor. spearheads the technology creation team bancor, including development smart contracts and overall architecture bancor's and products. prior that, yudi served cto numerous venture-backed startups, including mytopia, social games business acquired lse: yudi served elite computing unit the israeli defense forces called mamram. miri bikel co-founder miri experienced legal authority blockchain regulations and smart contracts, with proven expertise assisting high profile cryptocurrency clients and token offerings across multiple jurisdictions. dual-qualified accountant and lawyer, miri previously helped establish the tax practice one israel's largest law firms, shibolet. liquidapps whitepaper shimon erlichman co-founder shimon has extensive experience top management, strategy and technology both the public and private sectors. served for years israel's key government organizations. since entering the private sector shimon has been active tech entrepreneur. until was the chief executive officer ftk technologies, big data advertising company focused the indian market and former director and investment committee member the trendlines group. liquidapps whitepaper viii. roadmap the dapp token the access token the dapp network's services for liquidapps' first product vram, which solves critical bottleneck for decentralized application development. the dapp network built support numerous use cases that continue simplify the ability both developers and users interact with decentralized technologies. usage grows and the dapp network evolves, additional functionalities could emerge, such as: dapp lending enabling dapp holders lend their tokens others, with built-in expiration mechanism that removes the risk default. vcpu simple solution for the offloading cpu intensive processes from the main chain child chains. ram-less accounts way create ram-free accounts the eos blockchain, allowing for free user on-boarding for the end-user. variable inflation enabling dapp token holders collectively reset the dapp inflation rates. ibc inter-blockchain communication solutions. and more come... summary liquidapps proud announce patent pending innovation, the dapp token, which will power ecosystem developer products and services. vram, the dapp token's first use case, will enable blockchain developers affordably develop unprecedented dapps with potential for mass user appeal. aiming remove the financial barriers entry giving developers near unlimited access data repositories, believe vram will inspire new wave blockchain development liquidapps' intention inspire the community build tools services that empowers dapp developers communities and help blockchain based apps become critical parts everyday life world-wide. liquidapps whitepaper risks the following list highlighted risks, which may relevant for you making informed judgment participate the dapp tokens sale, however such list not and should not deemed exhaustive complete list other material risk factors may well exist. any the following considerations, uncertainties material risks develops into actual events the dapp tokens, user contracts, dapp vendor smart contracts, dapp token smart contracts, vram system and the vram library could materially and adversely affected, and you may lose all part your dapp tokens the usability thereof. regulatory risk the blockchain technology allows new forms interaction. there possibility that certain jurisdictions will apply existing regulations, introduce new regulations addressing blockchain technology based applications, which may contrary the current setup the dapp tokens and the users contracts and dapp token smart contracts, and which may, inter alia, result substantial modifications their use and the envisioned dapp token ecosystem, including its termination and the loss the dapp tokens for you. risk software weaknesses the software underlying the dapp tokens, the mechanism controlling the purchase procedure, the vram system and related users contracts and dapp token smart contracts, and other involved software, technology and technical concepts and theories are still extremely novel, which why there warranty that the process for receiving, use and ownership dapp tokens and/or use any products will uninterrupted error-free, and which why there inherent risk that the software and related technologies and theories could contain weaknesses, vulnerabilities bugs causing, nter alia the complete (or partial) loss the dapp tokens, and loss all (or part of) eos tokens used for their purchase. risk abandonment lack success even the standard code provided liquidapps and the vram system are adopted, the creation dapp token smart contracts and users contracts and their continuing development, all, any liquidapps whitepaper relevant party who may contribute such development from time time, may abandoned for number reasons, including, but not limited to, lack interest from the public, lack funding, lack commercial success prospects (e.g. caused competing projects). therefore there are assurances, even though the dapp tokens are fully developed and launched, that you will receive any benefits through the dapp tokens held you. third party risk the dapp token distribution and the feasibility users contracts, dapp token smart contracts and the dapp token ecosystem whole depend the actions third parties. therefore, there assurance that such third parties will ever adopt the use dapp tokens develop adopt any users contract dapp token smart contracts, including the vram system, dsps that the development, deployment and use users contracts dapp token smart contract will ever take place foreseen, successfully executed, and that the dapp tokens might never have use. liquidapps may use third parties manage and operate the dapp token distribution and kyc/aml processes, whole parts. liquidapps has control over the process employed and the requirement from you made such third parties. risk associated with dsps any individual entity can become dsp. dsps maintain complete autonomy over all aspects their operation. each dsp can offer customized data packages accompanied predefined terms, all determined the dsp. liquidapps has control and monitoring capabilities with respect the dsps whatsoever, including, without limitation with respect their identity, reliability, content quality services, etc. therefore, there are assurances with respect the dsps and their services. risk associated with other applications the standard code provided liquidapps create users contract and dapp token smart contracts, including the vram system and vram library, may give rise other, alternative projects and applications, promoted unaffiliated third parties, under which dapp tokens will have intrinsic value, while they may more widely used. existing market participants may oppose the development liquidapps whitepaper distributed ledger blockchain-based systems like the users contracts and the dapp token smart contracts. risk associated with theft, digital wallets and loss private key cryptographic tokens, including dapp tokens, can only accessed using appropriate wallet address with matching private key. your private key file was lost stolen, the allocated dapp tokens associated with your wallet address would unrecoverable and would permanently lost. cryptographic tokens based distributed blockchains, including dapp tokens, cannot controlled single entity. therefore, liquidapps has control over the dapp tokens, and you will have recourse seek any refunds, recovery replacements from liquidapps the event that dapp tokens are lost stolen. result you should take great care that the website used purchase dapp tokens has the following universal resource locator (url): https://www.liquidapps.io failure use the official website and follow such procedures may result you not receive any dapp tokens, and loss any eos tokens used for the purchase attempt. risk protocol attacks the software underlying the dapp tokens, the mechanism controlling the purchase procedure, well any users contracts, including the vram system, and other involved software and technology may exposed attacks exploited hackers other individuals that could result theft loss dapp tokens the eos tokens used for their purchase, impacting nter alia the ability distribute the dapp tokens and the incentives develop and launch the users contracts and the dapp token smart contracts. with various other cryptographic tokens, the blockchain used for the dapp tokens susceptible attacks pertaining its protocol. any successful attack presents risk the dapp tokens, any users contract any dapp token smart contracts, and their expected proper execution and sequencing. risk depreciation concerning the dapp tokens, market liquidity may guaranteed and the value (if any) the dapp tokens over time may experience extreme volatility depreciate resulting loss that will borne liquidapps whitepaper exclusively you. risk associate kyc\aml you acknowledge, understand and accept that certain transactions may require kyc/aml conducted third party. accordingly, your transaction could delayed and/or may not approved. this process may cause your transaction not included specific cycle and/or the time you expected, meaning the transaction may included different cycle with different price. risk associate distribution and quote cycle the distribution dapp tokens will occur the end each cycle (as described above) and only after claiming the dapp tokens. the actual amount dapp tokens purchased you depends upon the actions all other users sending eos tokens the dapp token smart contracts during the same cycle. all users sending eos tokens during the same quote cycle will receive relative amount the quota, pro rata basis, calculated accordance with the amount eos tokens paid each buyer proportion the total amount eos tokens paid the dapp token smart contracts during the same cycle. possible for other people send large amount eos tokens after you have sent eos tokens, and dramatically decrease the number dapp tokens distributed you. therefore the price displayed the sale segment the website given time, not the closing price the cycle, and reflects only the price calculated that time out the transactions then approved, which price will definitely change after you (and others) transfer additional eos tokens the vendor smart contracts and final only following the calculations made based all approved transactions the end the applicable cycle.the eos blockchain may subject delays and latencies. accordingly, eos tokens contributed the dapp token smart contracts the final moments cycle may not get included for that period. you acknowledge, understand and accept that the eos blockchain may not include your transaction the time you expect and you may not able enter specific cycle and receive the dapp tokens you have purchased the same cycle same day you send eos tokens. liquidapps whitepaper disclaimer the dapp tokens are utility tokens and are not intended offered securities, units business trust, units collective investment scheme, other financial instrument each defined under applicable securities laws. this whitepaper not intended constitute offering securities, solicitation investment, prospectus offering document any jurisdiction. this whitepaper does not constitute form part any opinion any advice buy, any solicitation any offer liquidapps purchase any dapp tokens, nor shall any part nor the fact its presentation form the basis of, relied upon connection with, any contract investment transaction decision and shall not substitute consulting with professional advisors including tax advisors who shall take into account each person's specific information and needs. person bound enter into any contract binding legal commitment relation the sale and purchase the dapp tokens any other cryptocurrency the basis this whitepaper. any agreement between liquidapps and the purchaser dapp tokens shall governed separate contract setting out the specific terms and conditions applicable said transaction. the information contained this whitepaper has not been reviewed, examined approved any regulatory authority. liquidapps has not, and will not, seek review, examination approval any the information contained this whitepaper under the laws regulations any jurisdiction. the publication distribution this whitepaper does not imply that applicable laws, regulations, rules have been complied with. unless indicated that the statement statement fact, all statements this whitepaper, liquidapps' website, and any communication channels (including but not limited telegram, medium, email etc.) otherwise made liquidapps its authorized representatives any media including but not limited statements about liquidapps, dapp tokens, vram, and any strategies, plans, prospects and industry trends are "forward-looking statements". liquidapps whitepaper such forward-looking statements are provided allow the opportunity understand liquidapps' beliefs and intentions respect the future without assuming any responsibility liability that regard and without guaranteeing, any way, that such forward -looking statements are complete will end being accurate. these statements are not guarantees, undertakings obligations any kind with regard future performance and undue reliance should not placed them. these statements are only predictions and may change time passes. furthermore, actual events results may differ materially from those projected, inter-alia, result the external environment, (including but not limited changes political, social, economic, regulatory, and stock cryptocurrency market conditions). not assume any obligation update such information. liquidapps liquidapps whitepaper