darcrus whitepaper and use case examples release date november revised december version https://darcr.us introduction darcrus introducing new way protecting your data, your customer's information, and ensuring your company will have the data you need when you need with their custom dappsheets. there are three distinct types darcrus dappsheet implementations, from the most private most public: private, non-public confidential business data intellectual property private, public authenticated usage, public verification public, public open for use and viewing anyone anything will give use case example for each the above implementations. for any these implementations, will utilize the underlying decentralized platforms such waves, nxt, ethereum, and bitcoin, are able seamlessly create copies your database anywhere your company's darcrus node exist. darcrus and its' dappsheet will create transparent middleware utility interface with the users and the blockchain. use cases private, non-public for private, non-public dappsheet could use nxt the platform choice. realize, any the above decentralized platforms can used. company xyz needs solve disaster recovery item that was discovered the latest compliance spot check. dappsheet the perfect fit meet this requirement and inherently gives additional features. few these features are: near instant replication across all company nodes near instant availability data all company locations privacy company data via transactional encryption verifiability data retained for future compliance audits imagine today's enterprise disaster recovery policy and plan. involves backups, tape drives, hardware infrastructure, and possibly trusting party with data and processes their own. company will also have service level agreements and data rest worries for assurance the custodian your customer's data. dappsheet will give coverage the above points automatically submitting all transactions the underlying platform replicate these entries across the company nodes, enables remote locations use the data, and cryptographically verifies the entry ensure compliance. encrypting the transactional data different per platform but will available prior that version (language compatibility) being released for public consumption. let's use the example company xyz having data disaster and loses all the data location instead trying (and praying) get the backup tapes work, just install the release date november revised december version https://darcr.us dappsheet again. worrying about rotating tapes, drives, securing all this data rest, and then testing the validity the backups. storage consumption does not increase any certain amount faster than traditional database, only the management requirement goes down. the data available site soon the dappsheet synced. intricate sql settings numerous patches and install guides follow. the nodes for company xyz are fully closed from the public. nodes are only permitted connect each other, and use ssl replicate data between each node. there public viewing the ledger without authentication, authorization, and accounting. use cases private, public for private, public dappsheet could again use nxt the platform choice. only the permissioning and viewability the ledger changes each example, will not revisit the feature sets each time. company that would want use this type dappsheet could online gambling dice site. this type permissioned (you need account use, but anyone can make account) ledger available for public viewing and scrutiny. customer for site would sign and their data stored the dappsheet. while this customer places bets, the provably fair betting hash (pfbh) transacted into the dappsheet. when the bet actually placed clicking the 'place bet' button, the pfbh, the txid the pfbh tx, and the bet placed are all pushed verification tx. the outcome this would the release date november revised december version https://darcr.us result for the bet, also being written the dappsheet. these transactions (or 'saves') would make provably fair bets even easier expose the customers the site. customer data encrypted and anonymized while still providing the public proof the site operator acting full faith. party trust necessary for provable verification bets. from this graphic, imagine the bettors being each location with the betting site having provable backups either on-site another cloud instance. customer data bets will lost. use case public, public for public, public dapsheet, again all the same standard conditions apply. for this example, imagine township that requires building permits for adding deck room your house. you simply the permit registration site, enter the data required (gui built our consultants), and publicly publish the permit data for the township have. there paper copy have hand, had but lost it' contend with. this example could look just like the private/public node's diagram. release date november revised december version https://darcr.us what does this mean? all the replication, protection, encryption data always present each dappsheet implementation. are aiming greatly reduce the risks associated with provable data, encryption customer data, and disaster recovery for businesses. have seen backup procedures fail get overlooked because today's staffs are over worked and underappreciated. deploying dappsheets environment cuts down the manual human interactions for mundane but important tasks, taking care customer and company data! along with providing consultation services for deploying full dappsheet suite, there will open source templates and examples for each platform support. welcome the community feedback build onto the capability and extend the reach dappsheets. release date november revised december version https://darcr.us