whitepaper monitor. trade. invest. spend. table contents introduction the darico ecosystem main problems investing cryptocurrency the darico solution the darico ecosystem monitor. trade. invest. spend. roadmap overview the darico ecosystem roadmap darico wallet competitor wallets the darico wallet (gnius) darico terminal the beating heart darico (nyus) darico debit card practical solution the problem illiquidity (depay) darico exchange the darico exchange the listing dec (darex) darico index fund darico liquidity pool darico ecosystem coins (dec) utility tokens dec tokens sale model use darico ecosystem coin proceeds sale the darico team darico the management team advisers token sale summary corporate governance corporate governance principles internal corporate governance controls, policies procedures disclosures legal risk factors get involved with crypto, get involved with darico! introduction introduction the darico ecosystem the darico ecosystem has been designed specifically for people able monitor, trade, invest and spend their various types cryptocurrencies fast, effectively and with ease. the ecosystem providing professional-standard and user-friendly investment tools, which enable them make informed cryptocurrency investment decisions. holders darico ecosystem coins will receive access the entire darico ecosystem (the "darico ecosystem") including: the darico wallet, gnius (further details page the darico terminal, nyus (further details page the darico debit card, depay (further details page the darico cryptocurrency exchange, darex (further details page the darico index fund, chawk (further details page and the darico liquidity pool (further details page darico aims use the proceeds obtained from the sale darico ecosystem coins during the public sale period purchase gold, btc and eth the following proportions: gold, btc and eth (the "liquidity pool"). see further details page main problems investing cryptocurrency main problems investing cryptocurrency multitude options january coinmarketcap displayed nearly cryptocurrencies which could exchanged and traded for crypto and fiat currencies. which exchange more than should used? which are the most secure? given that transactions are crypto fiat and vice versa, can you restore your investments fiat currency easily? which wallet should you use hold your newly bought coins? anyone who has not spent the past few years following the crypto economy, these are basic questions which very difficult find answer. the sheer volume cryptocurrencies, wallets, exchanges and other products and services aimed helping people manage their crypto holdings actually having the opposite effect. fact, has led confusion and leaves people feeling overwhelmed and unsure where best turn for reliable information, effective and secure wallets well good value, speedy exchanges. will become the number one trusted source cryptocurrency tools through our easy use and comprehensive platform. making cryptocurrencies easier understand and the market easier navigate will increase people's confidence and drive the rate cryptocurrency adoption. achieve this, it's vital that people are not only able invest and trade but that they are able use their crypto holdings for everyday transactions, which why the darico debit card such important part the ecosystem. this link the everyday will crucial helping cryptocurrencies become genuine substitute for the fiat currencies are used to. the pace progress accelerates, the risks associated with cryptocurrencies. none are guaranteed winners but all holders want know that, the very least, they have the best information and tools available them before they make their decisions. the darico ecosystem will give crypto investors those tools, all available one place. darico the place turn what required single solution that gives people all the tools they need monitor, trade, invest and spend their crypto holdings, exactly what the darico ecosystem designed provide. *university cambridge judge business school. the darico solution the darico solution the darico ecosystem monitor. trade. invest. spend the darico ecosystem will enable crypto investors thrive providing them with access trusted sources information and all the tools they need make informed investment decisions and integrate cryptocurrencies into their everyday lives. the technology and services the ecosystem develop, will the darico community, whose views and opinions will shared and responded to. simultaneously building toolset and community, we're creating thriving ecosystem which will develop according the needs its users. darico ecosystem coins will enable holders access the wide range services available within the ecosystem. turn, payment dec will encourage further adoption the coins and the continuous development the ecosystem services. overview overview the darico ecosystem set out below. further details all these parts the darico ecosystem are set out further down this whitepaper. darico wallet secure, multi-coin (erc, btc and more) wallet suitable for all crypto investors will the first ecosystem product launched and will also include the integration debit card. the darico wallet will available www.darico.io/wallet from mid march will subscription based for dec holders and there will mobile and desktop versions the darico wallet available. (for further details see page darico terminal subscription-based hub for crypto investment information, news and analysis. darico's vision become the crypto world's version bloomberg reuters, providing the accurate, trusted and timely information investors need make informed investment decisions. the terminal will the heart the darico ecosystem with desktop version available delivering market news, information and analysis straight the user. this will the second product launched. (for further details see page the darico solution darico debit card bringing liquidity cryptocurrency investment, the debit card will linked with the darico wallet enable the use dec and other cryptocurrencies for everyday transactions. are advanced discussions with payment solution providers and our aim issue debit cards that have wide international acceptance possible. (for further details see page darico exchange regulated cryptocurrency exchange set gibraltar where will apply for licence operate distributed ledger technology (dlt) provider. gibraltar operates robust regulatory regime that will ensure the exchange operated the highest standards. (for further details see page darico index fund this will fully regulated cryptocurrency fund for private investors that will hold diversified portfolio highly liquid cryptocurrencies. consideration being given several jurisdictions that offer investment fund regulation. (for further details see page darico liquidity pool order ensure stability valuation darico will establish "liquidity fund". the proceeds obtained from the sale darico ecosystem coins during the public sale period will used purchase gold, btc and eth for the fund. these assets will held the following proportions: gold, btc and eth (the "liquidity pool"). the substantial reserves held the liquidity pool will contribute greatly increasing the sustainability the darico ecosystem. the liquidity fund will contribute strengthening and growing the ecosystem through the progressive development new applications that will add value the users the ecosystem. this pool will also allow for the development darico's own blockchain which will commence the first quarter (for further details see page roadmap roadmap are moving quickly and confidently through our key milestones. the sale the darico ecosystem coin was launched january the darico wallet has been available alpha version www.darico.io/wallet mid march for use dec holders monthly subscription basis. aim have launched the darico terminal, source cryptocurrency information that will emulate the dominance bloomberg and reuters the traditional financial markets. will launch the darico debit card. this will exciting new feature which will enable darico ecosystem coin-holders spend their cryptocurrencies for everyday fiat transactions. will launch the darico exchange, centralized cryptocurrency exchange that will established and regulated gibraltar. the darico exchange will encourage the use dec its house token through bonuses and discounts trading fees within the darico exchange. later, darcio exchange will slowly transform into decentralized exchange once the liquidity the cryptocurrency market increases. the comprehensive collection tools within the ecosystem will completed with the development the darico blockchain. moving away from the erc token the ecosystem will longer subject ether (eth) transaction fees, and will able enjoy improved speed and scalability. these benefits will passed users through enhancements the ecosystem and the creation community for users. the comprehensive toolbox provided darico will, after the introduction the darico blockchain, include complete set tools that enable users monitor, trade, invest and spend faster and lower cost. darico will move away from the current reliance the ethereum erc- token and across our own darico blockchain and the investment the darico blockchain will both result ongoing savings for users and for the ecosystem whole. the development will therefore funded from the liquidity pool. the launch the darico index fund will allow dec holders access regulated, diversified, managed and monitored cryptocurrency portfolio that structured and split into three risk levels accommodate the varying risk appetites users. overview the darico ecosystem roadmap darico concept created darico ecosystem development darico incorporated zug, switzerland pre-ico launch darico raised us$ darico limited incorporated gibraltar jan) (march) launch dec token sale darico wallet launch darico terminal launch darico debit card launch darico exchange launch darico index fund launch darico blockchain testnet darico blockchain mainnet darico wallet darico wallet competitor wallets was estimated that there were well over million 'active' wallets (). several have been reviewed below, order compare the different functionality offer. lykke jaxx mycelium blockchain coinomi bread bitgo coinbase coin space ease use range features security interface coin bank monero https://www.jbs.cam.ac.uk/fileadmin/user_upload/research/centres/alternative-finance/downloads/-global-cryptocurrency-benchmarking-study.pdf darico wallet the darico wallet (gnius) the darico development team building sophisticated software wallet with range functionalities that, even though easy understand even for first time users, should satisfy the needs even the most sophisticated users. the wallet's functionalities are outlined this section. security comes first the darico wallet will multi-functional, multi-token application for secure sending, receiving and storage dec and other coins. the wallet has been designed provide high levels security, including access and backup capabilities via the provision seed information. addition this are also providing login feature that allows users add extra layer security. this also enables added convenience through integration all the darico ecosystem components. for those who still want more security the darico wallet allows users integrate with hardware wallet. this allows users have their funds safe cold storage that considered the highest level security. place buy and sell addition its primary role providing secure coin storage, the darico wallet roadmap includes providing place buy and sell. the wallet will allow users exchange between fiat and crypto. users will also able easily top their wallet with different types cryptocurrencies. part the seamless integration with fiat currencies the darico wallet will introduce debit card integration. this will create long awaited link between cryptocurrency assets stored online and day day purchases that all need make. portfolio management the wallet also provides easy access useful market information for the user through the wallet's performance monitoring and portfolio management tools. enables users easily track the value their coins, both individually and part their whole portfolio currencies. pie chart will divide the portfolio into segments showing the weight each cryptocurrency held the portfolio, which will make diversification the portfolio easier. the information presented conveniently graphs that make easy get instant understanding portfolio movements, percentage change and net gain loss the portfolio order able take quick action where needed. darico terminal darico terminal the beating heart darico (nyus) the heart the darico ecosystem the darico terminal, easy access hub that gives users all the information they need invest with confidence. the darico terminal will available all darico ecosystem coin-holders who, for monthly subscription fee, will able access news, analysis and charts about the cryptocurrency markets and the latest icos. aim provide source cryptocurrency information that will emulate the dominance bloomberg and reuters the traditional financial markets. delivery functionality the darico terminal currently the late stages development and will launched the darico terminal our opinion one the most exciting and promising parts the darico ecosystem. providing timely, accurate and trusted information, and seamlessly integrated with the darico wallet and the darico exchange, the darico terminal will powerful tool that enable users store their coins, monitor their portfolios, and quickly place their trades volatile market here every minute counts. news via the darico terminal, users will able stay date the latest information about cryptocurrencies, the businesses behind them, regulatory bodies, government announcements and news from the world's major exchanges. the terminal will allow the user effortlessly monitor the latest and most relevant news from wide range trusted sources their choice. the ability access timely market and ico news will give our users the edge they need succeed the crypto market. cryptocurrency analysis the darico terminal will provide access third party expert analysis tokens that currently are traded the market help users make informed investment decisions. the analysts selected contributors the platform they will put different cryptocurrencies under the spotlight, weighing them against market conditions and the latest news. the selected analysts will examine the substance backing each token, including examining their leadership teams' backgrounds, qualifications and previous achievements. they will also look the particular coin's market dynamics, competitors and users, and generally seeking explain the factors that drive their value. darico terminal ico analysis independent professional contributors will also look behind the marketing facades upcoming icos search the factors which may determine the eventual success failure their projects. users will benefit from depth analysis the teams behind the projects, the markets which they are planning operate, regulatory factors, governance and business dynamics. the crowded and fast-moving crypto world, the independent analysis provided the darico terminal will give users the edge they need successful the markets. charting system users the darico terminal will able access charting system along with technical analysis that will help them plot their own investment course. integration with the darico exchange the darico terminal will integrate with the darico exchange once operational. this will provide users with immediately accessible pathway the crypto markets. addition enabling users trade the darico exchange will play key role increasing the trading volume darico ecosystem coins the crypto markets. watchlists monitoring plan seamlessly link the darico terminal the darico wallet and the darico exchange. this will provide users with easy access their watchlists and enable them track their own coins, receive custom news feeds and analysis based their actual portfolios within the terminal, and act the available information trading the right assets quickly when the time right. diversified investments the users will able access the index fund (chawk) via the darico terminal where they can convert their dec into any one the three available risk factors levels. this will enable the users effectively distribute their investment exposure according their preferred risk/reward trade off. general terms the risk factor tiers will work follows: absolute alpha highest risk/highest potential return dynamic beta medium risk/medium potential return active beta low risk/lower potential return this integration will enable users benefit from the growing cryptocurrency market while managing the risk the level risk/reward that comfortable them. darico debit card darico debit card practical solution the problem illiquidity (depay) the darico debit card will play key role solving the issue illiquidity, which has troubled cryptocurrencies since their inception. through the darico ecosystem coin-holders will finally able use cryptocurrencies for everyday fiat transactions using the darico debit card. the debit card solution linked with the darico wallet will instantly exchange cryptocurrency for fiat currency enable the use dec and other cryptocurrencies payment for purchases priced fiat currencies. the user has portfolio different currencies will any time able switch the desired cryptocurrency spend from. delivery the darico debit card will available means storage the darico debit card will enable holders use cryptocurrencies for everyday fiat transactions. holders will able store their dec and other tokens their darico wallet enable the use their debit card. this solution provides means storage and method payment, and ensures that their dec and other tokens are available spend all times. whilst your dec and other tokens remains safe your darico wallet, the debit card will hand provide instant access the holder's cryptocurrency portfolio. method purchase with fiat currency debit cards, the darico debit card will act method payment which holders can use anywhere. this means their dec and other token holdings will converted fiat the spot facilitate the purchase goods and services. result, the debit card will play important role integrating the use dec and other tokens into the holder's daily life. buy dec use dec access wallet store multi-crypto the darico wallet link darico wallet the debit card initiate payments and start spending! convert crypto fiat the spot darico exchange darico exchange the darico exchange the listing dec (darex) the darico exchange (the "exchange") will offer individuals, institutions, professional investors and traders the ability trade, deposit and withdraw variety top-ranked cryptocurrencies. users will also able transfer fiat funds and out between the exchange and bank accounts payment cards the name account holders. this will allow cross-trading between cryptocurrencies and gbp, eur, usd and, potentially, other fiat currencies. darico ecosystem coins will listed the exchange which will give darico ecosystem coin-holders stable secondary market for their dec. with liquidity the cryptocurrency market gradually increasing believe that will time implement decentralized exchange structure. this will allow complete freedom trading and enable the community freely trade any cryptocurrency that deemed valuable. the illiquidity challenge the illiquidity cryptocurrencies major challenge facing investors today. leaves them open greater risk result not being able easily convert their crypto assets into fiat currency. the process withdrawing gains from trading platforms converting them fiat often complicated. the service often not available or, when available, the conversion process can take several days complete. will solve this issue having fiat wallets integrated into our exchange platform allow users make conversions from crypto fiat and vice versa. price volatility can cause cryptocurrencies lose significant value matter minutes, increasing the importance easy conversion. present, the wide bid/ask spread that characterises many cryptocurrencies, makes virtually impossible sell them rapidly, time ensure the sale price remains unaffected. another issue the ability investor small group investors drive the price down, either making large orders seeking convert enormous amounts fiat, especially lower market cap coins. practice that known 'pump and dump'. this aspect illiquidity not only source volatility, but can also lead significant loss value during exceptionally volatile periods. darico exchange (lack of) regulation cryptocurrency exchanges the above issues are compounded the fact that the vast majority cryptocurrency exchanges are completely unregulated. there are many cryptocurrency exchanges out there, both good and bad, but the truth that often impossible tell the difference and know who you are dealing with. darico will address this fundamental issue setting exchange gibraltar. gibraltar leads the way the regulation blockchain businesses. october was the first jurisdiction introduce comprehensive framework regulate all blockchain businesses operating from the territory, including cryptocurrency exchanges. darico ecosystem coin-holders will have the protection knowing that the exchange must adhere strict regulatory principles and laws and that they will actively supervised the gibraltar financial services commission ("gfsc" www.gfsc.gi). gibraltar regulation the exchange will ensure degree consumer protection that not available unregulated exchanges. overcoming illiquidity the exchange will list dec, and will therefore ensure that darico ecosystem coin-holders have access trading and exchange facilities that enable them interact with cryptocurrency markets and ensuring liquidity for darico ecosystem coin-holders. the illiquidity cryptocurrencies major obstacle their wider adoption, slowing uptake new investors who fear they may not able turn their crypto assets back into fiat currency. the exchange will mitigate this risk. the exchange will use dec bridging currency paired with all featured currencies order ensure market exists between all the different currency pairs the exchange. the trading volume goes this will increase the demand for dec and therefore drive it's value. will also help improving the liquidity dec there will increasing number assets which will all tradeable dec. darico exchange accessible and usable the exchange platform will integrated into the darico terminal, providing easy-to-access and easy-to-use trading interface suitable for investors all experience levels, including first time traders. revenue generating important part the darico ecosystem, the exchange will generate revenues for darico through the receipt trading fees and commissions. darico ecosystem coin-holders will receive special discounts trading fees and commissions they pay dec. regulation the darico exchange will get gibraltar dlt provider licence regulate the exchange and protect its users. the gfsc regulates licensable activity gibraltar. the new law overseeing dlt businesses, the financial services (distributed ledger technology providers) regulations (the "dlt regulations"), came into force january and allows for multitude dlt businesses regulated if: they carry way business, from gibraltar, the use distributed ledger technology for storing transmitting value belonging others. the gfsc's regulatory objectives are focused around: the promotion market confidence. the reduction systemic risk. the promotion public awareness. the protection the good reputation gibraltar. the protection consumers. the reduction financial crime. the financial services (distributed ledger technology providers) regulations (http://www.gibraltarlaws.gov.gi/articles/s.pdf) together with bill for act amend the financial services (investment and fiduciary services) act. government gibraltar, ministry for commerce, gibraltar finance, consultation paper proposals for dlt regulatory framework, may (http://www.gibraltarfinance.gi/downloads/-dlt-consultation-published-version.pdf?dc_%d). darico exchange gibraltar has engaging and forward-thinking regulatory regime and maintain strong relations with them. the nine key regulatory principles gibraltar-licensed firms must adhere are ones which existing financial services firms will very familiar with. the law requires dlt firms to: conduct their business with honesty and integrity. pay due regard the interests and needs each and all its customers, and communicate with them way that fair, clear and not misleading. maintain adequate financial and non-financial resources. manage and control their business effectively, and conduct their business with due skill, care and diligence; including having proper regard risks its business and customers. have effective arrangements place for the protection customer assets and money when they are responsible for them. have effective corporate governance arrangements. ensure that all their systems and security access protocols are maintained appropriate high standards. have systems place prevent, detect and disclose financial crime risks such money laundering and terrorist financing. resilient and have contingency arrangements for the orderly and solvent winding down its business. darico will full compliance with the above nine regulatory principles its operation the exchange. will also comply with the guidance notes issued the gfsc which can viewed www.gfsc.gi/dlt. darico index fund darico index fund darico index fund (chawk) the darico index fund (the "fund") will fully regulated cryptocurrency fund with contributors investing diversified portfolio highly liquid cryptocurrencies. dec-holders will have access regulated, diversified, managed and monitored cryptocurrency portfolio. various jurisdictions where regulated investment funds can set are being considered establish the fund. from the darico terminal and its analysts make informed investment decisions. contributors the fund will either able contribute dec, other specific cryptocurrencies fiat. those who subscribe units the fund dec will enjoy discounted subscription and redemption fees. this way, the fund will play important role supporting darico ecosystem coins and maintaining their liquidity. asset analysis and trading plans delivery aim launch the fund representative fund the fund will cryptocurrency index fund holding range highly liquid cryptocurrencies. the currencies will selected and weighed within the fund according combination factors, including their risk profiles and liquidity status. among other things, will use the information regular reviews the fund will undertake weekly rebalancing ensure optimal performance and risk minimisation, with full analysis and redistribution being conducted quarterly basis ensure the maintenance robust and profitable portfolio. solid analysis the cryptocurrency markets and individual crypto assets will undertaken ensure appropriate use the fund's resources. only after fulfilling range performance criteria will particular currency selected for investment the fund. the rationale for selecting given assets will shared with the darico community ensure the fund investment process remains transparent. once decision has been made purchase particular cryptocurrency, investment plan will created order provide roadmap and benchmark for performance against the asset's forecast movement. trading plan for the whole portfolio will shared with the darico community and complete analysis will carried out every quarter. darico liquidity pool darico liquidity pool darico liquidity pool darico aims use the proceeds obtained from the sale darico ecosystem coins during the public sale period purchase gold, btc and eth the following proportions: gold, btc and eth these assets will kept reserve ensure dec stability (the "liquidity pool"). upon reaching the hard cap selling the dec offer during the public sale period, darico aims keep the proceeds the liquidity pool. darico ecosystem coins will not redeemable for the assets contained the liquidity pool and these assets will belong darico means reduce volatility the darico ecosystem coin. the goal keep the reserves the liquidity pool high possible for the benefit and stability the darico ecosystem whole. funds from the liquidity pool will spent until the liquidity pool will used sustain and enhance the ecosystem whole. this will allow darico introduce new dapps ecosystem while paving the way for darico's blockchain developed. liquidity pool critical factor the ecosystem provides layer sustainability for dec. darico ecosystem coins (dec) darico ecosystem coins (dec) overview the function the darico ecosystem will supported dec, the darico ecosystem coin. dec erc- compliant token issued the ethereum blockchain. designed give the holders access the products and services available the darico ecosystem. the darico ecosystem gains users the demand for dec will grow. people will need pay for services such the use the darico terminal, debit card and wallet, once the darico blockchain released all the dec (erc-) holders will receive the new dec coin which will used fuel the darico blockchain, and thereby bringing all the ecosystem components together. dec will the native token used the blockchain and will used facilitate all the operations conducted the network. utility tokens the darico ecosystem coin (dec) utility token. dec are intended used the darico ecosystem to: pay subscription fees access darico wallet services pay subscription fees access darico terminal service link darico wallet the darico debit card that payment fiat can made. pay discounted trading fees and commissions the darico exchange and receive any bonuses and rewards offered the exchange dec holders. subscribe units the darico index fund and receive discounts subscription and redemption fees and, potentially, certain bonuses and rewards. the darico blockchain, once developed, will fueled dec through transaction fees and subscriptions and other fees. bonuses and rewards will available for dec holders operating the darico blockchain extra incentives for using dec. darico ecosystem coins (dec) dec tokens dec erc- utility token that holders can use access the products and services available within the darico ecosystem. the value the dec token will driven its use and the number people utilizing and thereby increasing the demand for the token. once the darico blockchain released, dec will transformed from erc- the native coin the darico blockchain. all dec (erc) holders will receive the new dec (native token) once they register their eth address the website. each dec holder will receive the same amount the new dec token the user previously had the erc version the token. following this the old dec tokens will become inactive and unusable the dec ecosystem. darico ecosystem coin circulation the total dec circulation will limited dec with (,, dec), being made available during the public sale period. the dec will distributed follows: public sale period (,, dec) team (,, dec) reserve (,, dec) advisers, bounty, partners and others (,, dec) advisers, bounty, partners and others token distribution (%) public sale reserve team darico ecosystem coins (dec) sale model the sale dec will have two stages: limited private sale for persons who took part pre-ico before the commencement the public sale period. contributors this stage may receive bonuses and discounts all dec. the allocation dec will, however, take place after the public sale period. public sale taking place between january and july (the public sale period). dec distribution there total dec supply million. dec shall distributed set out below. percentage allocation token holders public sale contributors darico team darico held reserve advisory, bounty, partners and others intended use purchasers may determine pay the darico team for their work intended used necessary for further development the darico ecosystem. pay various parties for their work and input amount dec darico ecosystem coins (dec) use darico ecosystem coin proceeds sale the proceeds from the dec sale will used build and develop the darico ecosystem. based upon reaching our hard cap dec sold during the public sale period, estimate they will allocated the following proportions: development (hr, technical, security, etc.) legal and regulatory marketing liquidity pool development liquidity pool legal and regulatory marketing the dec proceeds sale will securely stored darico accordance with strict security procedures. will spend the proceeds develop the darico ecosystem set out this whitepaper. may invest any unused proceeds from time time, see fit. may also sell exchange the proceeds for fiat currency and/or digital assets. any unsold dec after the completion the ico will burned and taken out circulation preserve and maintain the value dec. the darico team darico darico more than just idea, global business which was initially incorporated zug, switzerland darico and which has already raised more than us$ million pre-ico funding. our vision build resilience into the project establishing different elements the ecosystem different jurisdictions. this geographic decentralisation means that each part will able operate stand-alone business, sheltered from any adverse events that could affect other elements the ecosystem. for the dec token sale and moving forward, the operating entity will darico limited, gibraltar company, the dec token sale will conducted full compliance with gibraltar law. gibraltar recognised crypto-friendly jurisdiction with tough legal and regulatory standards which help minimise risk, reducing financial crime and ultimately, providing level consumer protection. the darico team the management team the advisers darico controlled its directors, who manage its business day day basis with the assistance senior managers. the directors and such senior managers together form darico's management team (the "management team"). the directors darico are: mojtaba asadian (founder, ceo and head operations) and liwaa chehayeb (cbo). the other members the management team are: luke szkudlarek (cmo), mario colombo (cto), kelly stafford (marketing community manager), kirsten morel (content manager), gerti sterling (investment analyst), chris bernat (frontend developer), victor yunenko (developer), alexei strasser (product manager) and elliott white (ux designer). the management team has significant expertise, experience, skills and qualifications effectively manage the business darico and its ecosystem. the company has appointed advisers who assist darico achieving its objectives and adhering its key corporate governance principles. these are: david drake (investment, commercial adviser), simon cocking (marketing strategy adviser), jason hung (cryptocurrency strategy adviser), marc ellul (legal adviser), mr. obaid saeed bin manana (investment, commercial adviser), and professor nabil baydoun (financial adviser). the management and advisory teams' collective mix skills and experience will enable darico operate its business and its ecosystem efficiently, competently, diligently and the highest standards. the darico team the darico team mojtaba asadian founder ceo mojtaba serial entrepreneur, author, and accomplished investor. the author money, banking and credit well what investing? has been featured business leader several regional and international publications, well arabian man magazine, and holds mba from the university wollongong. well this, also certified international investment and wealth manager from cisi. mojtaba has string successful enterprises. was founder and ceo central perk llc from founder and managing director blackhawk capital ltd from and currently founder and ceo alpha beta group since mojtaba's invaluable experience over the years lends itself perfectly running darico and ensuring its long term success. liwaa chehayeb cbo for the past five years, liwaa has worked financial investments, working first abu dhabi bank financial reporting accountant. this experience has provided liwaa with strong understanding financial institutions and exceptional analytical skills, allowing him contribute important investment experience the darico project. well this, liwaa experienced crypto trader since early providing him with invaluable insight the crypto community. darico, liwaa not only provides important financial insight, but also helps with the project management the ico and ecosystem products. utilising his skills relationship building, liwaa helps outreaching potential investors, well working alongside the rest the team enhance the business development darico. luke szkudlarek cmo luke has over ten years international experience the digital sector, having worked companies and marketing agencies across the uk, poland and zurich. luke the founding partner and digital strategy lead for what.digital, and has been since having worked with international brands their digital strategies for over decade, has wealth experience managing successful marketing campaigns. now leading growth hacking strategies for ico projects what.digital, luke has helped raise more than through number ico projects. his background and experience with crypto lends itself perfectly help lead the darico ico success. the darico team the darico team mario colombo cto mario has over years experience communications, web development and digital marketing. having worked product owner, mario brings wealth knowledge and experience the darico team. now technical lead and partner what.digital, mario has the know-how and track record successfully implement darico's technical requirements successfully. with proven experience web developer and project manager for mobile and web applications, and specialising helping startups with prototyping, "go market" strategies, customer acquisition and growth hacking, mario perfectly suited help launch the wide and varied darico ecosystem products over the coming years. kelly stafford marketing community manager kelly has over four years digital marketing experience, having worked digital marketing agencies both the and australia. kelly has first class (hons) degree business and marketing, which she studied for whilst working full time digital marketing. with detailed knowledge social media, content marketing, email marketing and web design, she able bring range skills the darico team help market the darico ico the crypto community. kelly provides darico with marketing and account management support, ensuring the smooth operation the darico online marketing campaigns, well providing assistance with the darico website and product development. kirsten morel content manager kirsten magazine editor and writer with extensive knowledge the cryptocurrency world. passionate about the technology and finance industries, and specialises translating complex ideas into copy that everyone can understand. content manager for darico, kirsten understand how important that darico ecosystem users are able build their own picture the darico ecosystem and the wider cryoto economy. providing easy-to-understand, information-rich content, kirsten hopes that dec holders will not only feel engaged and informed but will develop the confidence operate autonomously the crypto universe. the darico team the darico team gerti sterling investment analyst gerti has over years experience senior analyst accenture, and over years freelance experience business development account manager, providing her with the experience and know-how successfully manage investments darico. gerti has spent over year working the crypto market, working within digital marketing ico projects. chris bernat frontend developer chris has over years experience javascript development, having worked number different companies over the years. more recently has worked full stack javascript developer for itcraftship and full stack developer for what.digital. his varied experience has given him the know-how and insight seasoned frontend developer for darico. working alongside the darico technical team, chris's focus bringing alive the darico ecosystem products, ensuring that the products work for the user, and that they are technically sound and easy use. with complicated and varied requirements, chris's experience will enable him help with the smooth implementation these complex products. victor yunenko developer victor has been working freelancer developer for over years. over year this was spent php full stack web developer working magento and symfony, with two years freelancing python typescript full-stack web developer django and angular victor also has experience java kotlin web and desktop development. with wide and varied range experience development, victor has the knowledge expertly develop darico's kyc and investment integration. victor ensures that all parts the darico investment journey works smoothly and seamlessly for the user. the darico team the darico team alexei strasser product manager alexei launched his first business affiliate marketing the age while was studying business economics. turned his attention pro sports where was part the beach volleyball swiss national team for several years. during this time also learned programming and was developing ios. co-founded brightbites, where now sits the board advisers. alexei has keen eye for the crypto market and blockchain startups, having invested number early and mid stage startups throughout the years. alexei's experience and passion the blockchain environment means always knows what's happening the market. darico, this leads him help position the darico ecosystem products way ensure that they are the best fit for the end user, and position darico help secure its long term success. elliott white designer elliott has over years and design know-how working. after graduating with first class honours graphic design, went work for digital marketing agencies and then independently freelancer. his focus crafting engaging user-centred web and mobile designs combined with keen eye for typography, communication design and illustration. ensures that darico's ecosystem products deliver delightful experience for everyone and continue evolve meet the users needs. artiom rapinchuk smart contract developer artiom has over years experience software engineer, having worked multiple agencies, including vpi systems, angellab and elinext group. his experience spans working .net development, including web (asp.net, webforms, mvc, web api) desktop (winforms and wpf) and mobile (windows phone), well cross-platform mobile development (based xamarin framework). has also successfully participated running startup. artiom now focuses blockchain related technologies, creating ethereum contracts using solidity and integration with using javascript. his long standing experience ensures that darico's smart contracts work effectively and efficiently. the darico team advisory board marc ellul legal adviser marc the managing partner ellul (www.ellul.gi) and notary public. began practising london and established himself gibraltar practises corporate, funds, tax and financial services lawyer and leads the firm's fintech team. actively involved blockchain work gibraltar advising cryptocurrency exchanges and icos. marc holds licence, issued gibraltar's financial services commission, provide directorships for all nature companies including experienced investor funds. marc currently the chairman the association trust company managers and member the gibraltar finance centre council. member the technical committee the gibraltar funds and investment association, formed part the team that drew the code conduct for directors gibraltar experienced investor funds. marc formed part the gibraltar bar council team which drew the anti-money laundering guidance notes for gibraltar legal practitioners. mr. obaid saeed bin manana investment and commercial adviser the ceo aerogulf services llc, commercial helicopter operator and aviation maintenance facility based dubai, uae manana managing fleet aw, bell and helicopters and number professional maintenance crew. apart from his aviation business bin manana prominent figure the dubai real estate sector. watheeqa property registration, which the chairman, one the premier real estate registration trustees, authorized and licensed the dubai land department for the transfer, registration, and release property. also the chairman ghadeer real estate, which focuses managing bin manana's portfolio residential rental properties, and bin manana contracting, specialist company engaged numerous ambitious interior design projects. the financial sector mr. manana chairman bin manana investment group, one the regions' most highly reputed trading and investment companies. also chairing dubai financial brokerage llc, which has presence the dubai financial market (dfm) and soon open the abu dhabi securities market. the company caters online traders and investors through the company's state the art online trading platform. the darico team advisory board david drake investment, commercial adviser david drake founder and chairman ldj capital, multi-family office which deals worldwide funds accessing over trillion assets and maintains over global directors and family office partners. more recently, mr. drake also seen leader cryptocurrency. runs ldj cayman fund focused cryptocurrency, mining and ico acquisitions. ldj capital credit also offers middle market bridge financing seed upcoming ico's. previously held majority stake managing partner with robert hambrecht alternative energy fund newcommons capital simon cocking marketing strategy adviser simon cocking senior editor irish tech news, editor chief cryptocoinnews, and freelances for sunday business post, irish times, southern star, ibm, g+d, and others. top ranked member the 'people blockchain' (currently ranked ).\n also business mentor and adviser working with successful icos date and has been named global twitter influencer lists the last months. simon accomplished public speaker events including tedx, web summit, dublin tech summit, and overseas dubai, singapore, moscow, tel aviv, madrid, tbilisi, riga, porto, dublin and helsinki the last months. has been based ireland for over years and has co-founded founded six successful companies. jason hung cryptocurrency strategy adviser jason entrepreneur and inventor mobile business, blockchain ecosystem, digital marketing, and erp related business. the co-founder treascovery, chidopi and timebox. helped more than icos strategic adviser including giza, ezpos, aida, bitrewards, datarius, suchapp, tradove and wtw. jason has more than years proven track record managing r&d, it, sales and consulting services, with technology related patents which are now being used more than apps. was also former peoplesoft and jde solution head greater china. jason blockchain expert icobench and international blockchain consulting announcement group. the darico team advisory board professor nabil baydoun phd, fcpa, msc, bsc, cfe, cica financial adviser professor baydoun the vice chancellor for academic affairs hbmsu. held senior positions and staffed key board committees various institutions australia, hong kong, new zealand and the uae. professor baydoun has track record launching innovative projects and building effective teams large and complex organizations. formulated and implemented strategies for long term profitability, stability, and ability promote organizational growth. professor baydoun internationally recognized authority the impact culture and religion accounting. published more than articles and books. nathan kwabena adisi (aka bola ray) business development adviser (africa) nat has over years experience strategic management, marketing and brand positioning, with extensive knowledge emerging markets. currently working chief executive officer eib network ghana, oversees radio stations and television stations, providing strategic direction and acts chief fundraiser and spokesperson. won best young business personality the year, awarded entrepreneur foundation ghana. his knowledge media and marketing and brand positioning will invaluable help strengthen darico's positioning and brand, ensuring the success the darico ico. token sale summary token sale summary darico limited ("darico", "we", "us" "our") seller gibraltar private limited liability company company no. registered address: suite hadfield house, library street, gibraltar purchase website instructions www.darico.io ("website") purchasers must follow the instructions the website purchase darico ecosystem coins token sale terms conditions made available the website. each purchaser darico ecosystem coins must ensure that they carefully read the terms and conditions and obtain any necessary legal advice before agreeing them. token name (to sold during public sale period) darico ecosystem coin token ticker (of the darico ecosystem coin sold during public sale period) dec the darico ecosystem has six main elements: project summary the darico wallet; the darico terminal; the darico debit card; the darico exchange; the darico index fund; and the darico liquidity pool. token sale summary sale period january july cet, unless fully sold before total token supply dec availability: (a) (b) darico ecosystem coins (dec) during public sale period darico ecosystem coins (dec) support the development the darico ecosystem dec dec us$ dec, exclusive transaction fees costs darico ecosystem coin (dec) price minimum contribution dec may purchased fractions decimal places eth and btc transferred the digital address specified the website, payable the applicable eth btc price determined darico and specified the website the time purchase. accepted methods payment alternative methods payment may accepted later date which (if available) will published the website. darico will never publish any token sale address anywhere except our website token sale summary distribution purchased darico ecosystem coins (dec) all contributors receive dec the end the ico. remaining ico token the remaining ico tokens will burned and removed from circulation. the only communication channels authorised darico for the purposes the token sale are: authorised communication channels website: www.darico.io email: reach@darico.io twitter: www.twitter.com/daricocoin facebook: www.facebook.com/daricocoin/ telegram: t.me/darico_ico medium: medium.com/@darico.coin/ linkedin: www.linkedin.com/company/darico/ corporate governance corporate governance corporate governance principles leadership sustainability the management team shall lead with the intention meeting darico's commercial objectives and those the darico ecosystem the short and the long term. the management team shall guide darico's business create value and allocate fairly and sustainably, ensure that adequate financial and non-financial resources are maintained. ethics, honesty integrity accountability the management team shall ensure that the business darico conducted ethical, fair and transparent manner. the management team shall act with honesty and integrity their work and their personal lives. the management team shall accountable and will communicate fair and balanced assessment how darico meeting its commercial objectives and those the darico ecosystem, stakeholders regular intervals. capability reputation the management team shall have appropriate combination knowledge, skills, qualifications and experience enable them discharge their duties and responsibilities effectively, and the highest standards. the management team shall ensure that they uphold and protect the interests the communities which the darico ecosystem operates and safeguard the reputation and integrity gibraltar and the global blockchain community. corporate governance internal corporate governance controls, policies procedures the above key principles, serve good governance guide the management team. addition, darico has range policies which assist adhering the highest standards. these include: corporate governance policy this sets out how implement internal controls manage our business accordance with high corporate governance standards. includes board and other operating procedures which will follow and clearly specifies the responsibilities the board directors and every other member the management team. amongst other things, specifies reporting methodology (to the board directors), conflicts interest policy and whole series other internal controls. anti-financial crime policy this includes methodology, full compliance with gibraltar law (eu standard) prevent money laundering, terrorist financing, bribery and corruption and report suspicious transactions the gibraltar authorities. customer due diligence measures policy this includes methodology (to standards) for the risk assessment our clients, including approach for individuals and all types legal entities. risk management policy this sets out methodology for identify, assess, manage and mitigate the risks our business. gdpr-compliant data protection policy take data protection very seriously and have implemented policy handle customer data which complies with the general data protection regulation that will come into effect may policies the protection digital assets and ict/cybersecurity have thorough policies and procedures this regard, which have developed with the assistance specialised professionals. disclosures legal disclosures legal contents this whitepaper you must read the contents this whitepaper carefully before participating the darico ecosystem coin (dec) sale. the contents this whitepaper are not used for financial promotions. entity other than darico can engage issuing dec tokens, which are intended operate and function accordance with the plans described the whitepaper (subject development changes). sale darico ecosystem coins (dec) this whitepaper and any other documents published association therewith, relate token offering for the sale darico ecosystem coins (dec) respect the intended development and use the darico ecosystem more particularly set out herein. offer regulated products this whitepaper does not constitute offer solicitation securities any other regulated product, nor promotion, invitation solicitation for investment purposes. the terms the purchase darico ecosystem coins (dec) are not intended financial service offering document prospectus. the sole purpose darico ecosystem coins (dec) are access the darico ecosystem and the related products and services described this whitepaper. darico ecosystem coins (dec) not represent equity, shares, units, royalties rights capital, profit, returns income the platform software darico any other company intellectual property associated with the darico ecosystem any other public private enterprise, corporation, foundation other entity any jurisdiction. darico ecosystem coins (dec) are not intended represent security similar legal interest and are not investment product. advice this whitepaper does not constitute advice purchase darico ecosystem coins (dec) and must not relied upon connection with any contract purchasing decision. disclosures legal risk warnings the purchase darico ecosystem coins (dec) carries significant risks. you should carefully assess this whitepaper and all risks related thereto before purchasing any darico ecosystem coins (dec). obtain all necessary professional advice you should consult lawyer and/or accountant and/or tax professional (as required) before deciding purchase any darico ecosystem coins (dec). this whitepaper describes future project this whitepaper contains forward-looking statements which are based the beliefs darico, certain assumptions made and information available us. the projects described this whitepaper are under development and are constantly being updated, including but not limited to, its technical features. accordingly, and when the darico project completed, may differ significantly from the project set out this whitepaper. representation warranty given the achievement reasonableness any plans, future projections prospects and nothing this document should relied upon promise representation the future. darico ecosystem coins (dec) relate the development and use experimental software and technologies that may not come fruition achieve the objectives specified this whitepaper. licences and approvals are not assured all jurisdictions darico intends operate full compliance with applicable laws and regulations and obtain the necessary licences and approvals key markets. therefore, the development and rollout all the features the ecosystem described this whitepaper are not guaranteed. regulatory licences and/or approvals are likely required gibraltar and, potentially, number relevant jurisdictions which relevant activities may take place. not possible guarantee and neither darico nor any member its management team nor its advisers, makes any assurances that any such licences approvals will obtained within particular timeframe all. is, therefore possible that some features the proposed ecosystem may not available certain markets, all. this could require restructuring particular aspects the ecosystem and/or may result its unavailability whole part. views darico only the views and opinions expressed this whitepaper are those darico and not reflect the official policy position any government, quasi-government, authority public body (including but not limited any regulatory body any jurisdiction) any jurisdiction. information contained this whitepaper based sources considered reliable darico but there assurance its accuracy completeness. disclosures legal risk factors the following are risk factors you should consider relating the darico ecosystem coin (dec) sale, the darico ecosystem and the projects undertaken this regard. darico may not raise sufficient funds execute all the projects the darico ecosystem. darico ecosystem coins (dec) may significantly influenced digital currency market trends and their value may seriously depreciated due non-darico related events the digital currency markets. the darico ecosystem will comprise complex software platforms and their launch may significantly delayed due unforeseen development barriers. competition may introduce the same better solutions the darico products and the darico ecosystem whole and may cause darico ecosystem coins (dec) lose market share and eventually fail deliver its business goals and those the darico ecosystem. digital currencies are extremely volatile and darico ecosystem coins (dec) may suffer from such volatility. international laws and regulations may render the trading darico ecosystem coins (dec) impossible. the use darico ecosystem coins (dec) may come under the scrutiny governmental institutions and regulatory authorities. the ownership darico ecosystem coins (dec) may fall under new and unpredicted taxation laws that may erode their benefits. darico may not succeed creating the necessary momentum and acceptance for the darico ecosystem coins (dec), which may result low liquidity and depletion trades. get involved with crypto, get involved with darico! wallet gnius exchange darex index fund chawk terminal nyus liquidity pool debit card depay follow us!