whitepaper roderik van der veer matthew van niekerk global market for local data matthew@databrokerdao.com roderik@databrokerdao.com abstract this paper introduces databroker dao, peer peer marketplace created provide iot sensor owners with clear path data monetization and data consumers with decentralized market buy iot sensor data. with databroker dao, aspire unleash long-tail creativity with the use sensor data facilitate the conversion incredible ideas into value adding services. providing distributed foundational layer for the buying and selling iot sensor data, expect that unimagined uses data that exist the hearts and minds entrepreneurs, researchers and organisations around the world, will emerge create incredible value adding services that enrich the quality life our cities and our societies whole. the global market for iot sensors has surpassed billion usd per year including the purchase, installation and maintenance sensors and the acquisition software packages interpret and enrich the data. the data resulting from this investment for primary usage the sensor owner enhanced with value-added insights and resold. whether for primary usage for enrichment and re-sale, the data remains gross- underutilized and the utility for society locked away organisational silos. connecting data owners with party data consumers directly, databroker dao provides marketplace where iot sensor data can fully valorised outside the primary silos which locked today. this sense, databroker dao can likened "secondary market" for iot sensor data and has been referred "ebay" "amazon" for iot sensor data. state the market: internet things verizon advisors patrick julien jonathan richard "the intersection and kastelein marlair iot johnson byrne blockchain enormously promising. ceo, innovation president, medici blockchain news overstock.com manager, ventures publisher partner for sensorowning organizations, proximus cryptoassets design group the ability use immutable ledger store data, ensure its integrity, and provide clear path data monetization, stellar example the promise blockchain. the value the iot sensor market greater than usd billion per year, and expected double the next three years, simply for primary usage the data the sensor owner! the magnitude and potential value marketplace for data-hungry third parties staggering. believe that what online retailers like overstock.com have done for making physical goods accessible online, databroker dao will for sensor data." patrick byrne ceo and founder overstock.com table contents abstract the challenge our solution stakeholders who "wins" this story? who "loses" this story? who will sell data? who will buy data? short the databroker dao alliance obstacle success completeness why use blockchain? competitive analysis iot blockchain projects the architecture token curated registry for reputation, quality and curation. identity management for billion sensor owners dapp and dapi data distribution and storage governance the dtx token (data exchange) initial value the dtx token the team some history about settlemint team members references lle unlocking the potential monetization iot sensor data individuals, companies, researchers governments are spending hundreds billions each year buying and maintaining iot sensors.the growth the investment and applications iot truly staggering, and yet, all data captured these devices locked silos and walled gardens. its path from sensor silo, all this data flows over gateway operators like telecom companies, networks and even the control panels the sensor manufacturers. these sensor owners usually have two year business case for their placement and the data they generate. the primary marketfor these sensors expected reach trillion usd and estimating that least the data generated sought for others times), the value data locked away will reach billion next year there were fewer than billion sensors deployed globally, which expected grow billion state the market: internet things verizon lutio databroker dao: peer peer marketplace for iot sensor data using smart contract based marketplace the ethereum network, becomes possible unlock this value. via their gateway operator, the sensor owners place the data generated their sensors for sale (while staking some their dtx tokens), and buyers can discover and purchase access the data using that same dtx token. the gateway operator will run their own ethereum mainnet blockchain node and run the open-source databrokerdao dapi (distributed api) top. data generated the sensors their clients sent (within the same datacenter) their dapi which check who has purchased access and send the data directly the location specified the buyer purchasing. since the gateway operator already set deal with the data their clients generate, routing purchased data streams location the internet straightforward extension. for doing so, the gateway operator awarded each transaction dtx tokens. the platform also earns and, most importantly, the lion share goes the sensor owner receiving the proceeds. move from local global marketplace, the databroker dao implementation replicated with multitude gateway operators around the world. this grants access global market for data. anyone the world will able buy any available data anywhere, making truly, global market for local data". stakeholders there are number stakeholders the databroker dao including sensor owners, gateway operators, data processors and data buyers. below definition each these stakeholders. sensor owners sensor owners are the stakeholders who have purchased iot sensors and make the data emitted from their sensors available for sale via the databroker dao platform. this diverse group who have generally purchased sensors order improve the efficiency their operations. collected and conditioned form data which would otherwise fragmented, conflicted and sometimes unreliable. smart data services provide conditioned and calculated data, with analytical rules and calculations applied derive further insight from the collected data and aid the decision-making process. (e.g. artificial intelligence) adaptive data services apply analysis customer's request-specific data combined with data context store. this more advanced form service. the key role sensor owners databroker dao sell the data from their sensors the platform. data buyers data buyers are those stakeholders who will purchase data the platform. this purchase may use the data its raw form for their own purposes purchase the data with the intention transforming/enriching the raw data resold with added value via databroker dao (see data processor below). the use the data purchased data buyers can quite straightforward, for instance, purchasing temperature and rainfall data provisioned neighboring office building have accurate local readings the more complex, like purchasing data train one's ai. data processors data processors are those data buyers who purchase data with the explicit intention enriching the data and either reselling handling for their clients. the enrichment may take many forms and data processors can categorized the level insight provided: simple data services are the most common. data brokers collect data from multiple sources and offer estimated that there are more than data processing companies worldwide relying vast array open datasets published government agencies and non-governmental organizations (moore, combination with their proprietary datasets and algorithms enrich publicly available data. these range from specialized boutiques, such insights, fico, intelius, etc. large global consultancies such mckinsey, deloitte, pwc. estimated that percent analytics solutions will incorporate least ten more data sources from second-party partners third-party providers expected that data processors will make the majority data buyers the databroker dao platform. moore, june how choose data broker. gateway operators the data emitted the billions devices deployed globally flow across wireless sensor network (wsn) operated generally (but not exclusively) large telecommunications companies each country. this may traditional gsm network, lora network alternative such sigfox. the key role gateway operators databroker dao expose the gateway they operate enable sensor owners sell their data the platform. the diagram below demonstrates how these stakeholders interact databroker dao. sense, databroker dao can likened "secondary market" for iot sensor data and has been referred "ebay" "amazon" for iot sensor data. who "wins" this story? sensor owners (data providers) are able directly monetise their data generate passive income that will turn sunk cost into potential money maker and least the opportunity recoup some their investments iot sensors (purchase, installation, maintenance, software licenses interpret the sensor data). sensor owner will earn the amounts received and pay small recurring fee for putting the sensor the platform. data buyers and data processors get data service not need make the upfront investment hardware get the data they require. another advantage for both buyer types that databroker dao provides access data that would otherwise trapped the data silos sensor owners. gateway providers: gain scale and speed the adoption their network/devices the partner connected databroker dao can present win-back their enterprise accounts, clear usp. these gateway operators are the gateway through which the data flows the dao, and such, they are also paid out immediately for each sale the platform and will receive the fee. the dao takes the remaining all funds, depending market conditions, received the platform cover operating costs. revenue distribution databroker dao gateway operator sensor owner who "loses" this story? sensor manufacturers: while manufacturers will increase sales the short run due the higher profitability iot projects. however, the longer term, "sharing" sensors may reduce their day-to-day sales. this can balanced higher replacements due the higher amount sensors the field. however, hardware margins are "race the bottom" and are already razor thin. sensor providers already make most their money via software and services. from this perspective, the producer can pull resources and capital out unprofitable hardware manufacturing and allocate these successful saas offerings. from our discussions with manufacturers, they are very enthusiastic about this prospect. who will sell data? there are number data sellers identified and the overview the sectors already investing sensors from gartner highlights the key potential sellers data for the years come. the diagram home security and safety below identifies the groups (business, consumer) and the sub- groups that constitute each. clear that the business group the main driving force sensor deployment globally. information and entertainment home automation, energy management, other banking and securities communications, media and services health and fitness education automotive infotainment govermment utilities health providers consumer transportation retail and wholesale trade insurance business manufacturing and natural resources the business group led the following sectors: manufacturing and natural resources: the so-called industrial iot consists companies that are deploying sensors order improve operations. their primary purpose for deploying sensors improve the efficiency operations reduce their cost base. databroker dao presents the opportunity sell selected data that will not reveal competitors specifics their manufacturing process. transportation: the data for transportation consists both traffic and vehicle specific data. traffic data includes for instance congestion and for instance data for shipping goods like temperature sensors food shipping containers. this also includes sensors for managing public transportation such trains and busses. vehicle specific data includes wide array sensors cars and trucks both personally owned vehicles and fleets measuring everything from emissions speed preventive maintenance. utilities and government: utility providers deploy sensors for "smart" utilities en-masse deliver more efficient utility services their clients including smart grids and smart meters primarily for electricity and water. government sensors are also wide ranging including everything from water level sensors detect flooding, air quality monitoring smart street lights. addition these sellers which represent the bulk currently deployed sensors, identify least additional growth areas the coming years: smart city initiatives: roadblock for getting smart city initiatives off the ground the upfront cost populating the town with sufficient sensors meaningful. the databroker dao platform provides means turn what today sunk cost and perpetual maintenance expense into investment with year payback period and continuous income stream after that. agricultural sector: belgium today, farmers are "techie". they have drone flying around and sensors deployed and some other automation place. the sensors include for instance wind, temperature, barometric pressure, humidity, level the soil. they use these manage their farm and spend between euro per year, and databroker dao will provide the possibility recoup some this cost. who will buy data? aside from the data processors the ecosystem, any company looking commercialise product that data driven provided with the opportunity develop the product without having invest the hardware. the potential buyers are extremely broad. from the agricultural example above, two potential buyers jump out with temperature sensors from nearly all regions the country, the data more accurate and granular than the national weather service. they are potential buyer are and radio stations who, buying data directly the marketplace, cut out the national weather service their purchase from the farmers. with level sensors covering most parts the country, fertiliser companies would view this "honeypot" for their sales people. smart city initiatives can limit the upfront cost populating the town with sufficient sensors and turn the expense into investment with year payback period and continuous income stream after that. academics get access the data from thousands sensors and can buy data directly the marketplace. this will result boost the number potential spin outs from academia projects longer have high startup costs associated with buying and deploying network sensors. public transport data can sold entrepreneurs who can help create applications such mobile apps help the general public find the perfect routes their desired destination, this introduces extra revenue source for local governments while improving the infrastructure around the public transportation systems. self-driving technology companies could buy car sensor data create the perfect self-driving and license this back various car manufacturers. environmental agencies can gather data from millions sensors around the world, such water sensors, get insights into environmental change, impact their programs and understand where act. energy corporations can purchase wind, weather consumption data plan new green energy initiatives and understand where best place new wind solar farms. short the stakeholders the iot space have lot gain: sensor owners can monetize their data and turn sunk cost into potential money maker and least the opportunity recoup some their investments iot sensors. network operators acting gateway operators gain scale and speed the adoption their network connected telcos can present win-back their enterprise accounts, clear usp. sensor manufacturers acting gateway operators can stop the "race the bottom" for production and pull resources and capital out manufacturing and allocate these more successful saas offerings. new types buyers have unprecedented access data and options monetize their own data, this category see the entire booming and vibrant startup scene. data processors have ecosystem sell their services the right people. the databroker dao alliance the future envision, the world where the databroker dao platform will integral part the "iot data"-fabric, there will be, more than ever, need for collaboration between the stakeholders this ecosystem. these parties will need find ways work together further their collective businesses and use-cases. ecosystem. apart from gaining essential insights into the requirements the platform, feel that guiding the stakeholders through this foundational change doing business together will the linchpin the further development the platform. formed the databroker dao alliance help facilitate this collaborative "we are happy cross paths with settlemint and engage with blockchain technology over databroker dao. the integration was smooth and successful due technical excellence. next step our roadmap intend include databroker dao "sell data" option into our portfolio, realise this new monetisation opportunity for both sensor owners, data consumers and vendors" mr. rajeev jha ceo yuktix this time there are companies that have formally joined the alliance. they include players each the stakeholder groups and are good cross section the ecosystem. the biggest obstacle the success databroker dao and the full valorisation iot sensor data the supply side the equation. that the adoption the marketplace data sensor owners who are generating data. databroker dao enables sensor owners sell their data directly interested party data consumers and are thus provided with the opportunity recoup their sunk costs for iot sensor hardware and software billion usd today) incentivising them provide access their proprietary data. overcome this obstacle, one the first priorities will hiring experienced team enterprise sales profiles. their focus will guide the gateway operators through the sales cycle, onboard them into the databroker dao alliance and push for the integration the dapi into their systems. completeness its report, mckinsey identifies key pillars the construction iot sensor data marketplace. creating central point "discoverability" enabling crowdsourcing opening new monetization opportunities "marketplaces offer customers central platform and point access satisfy their data needs." "data marketplaces can define metaformats and abstractions that support cross-device and crossindustry use cases." "service-level agreements can ensure that marketplaces deliver data consistently high quality." "by assembling multitudes thirdparty participants, companies can increase the relevance their own digital platform." "today's interconnected and digitized world increases the value high-quality data assets while creating innovative revenues streams. one digital marketplace, for example, adds value europe's electric-automobile supporting interoperability achieving consistent data quality building ecosystem market providing information and transactional gateways for businesses such charginginfrastructure providers, mobilityservice players, and vehicle manufacturers. charging-station operators, for example, are free determine their own pricing structures based data available about customer habits and market trends." "data marketplaces make possible share and monetize different types information create incremental value. combining information and analytical models and structures generate incentives for data suppliers, more participants will deliver data the platform." johannes deichmann, october creating successful internet things data marketplace. below assessment the current beta version databroker dao based these pillars: creating central point "discoverability": the dao pulls together data that otherwise locked organisational silos controlled the sensor owners. supporting interoperability: the dao defines standard metaformats for data descriptions and will integrate several processes bring actual data into standardised formats the next iteration the platform. achieving consistent data quality: data streams come directly from the gateway there point the process that open manipulation data. the next iteration the platform, reputation system that allows data buyers provide feedback data quality will added further enhance the controls data quality. building ecosystem: the dao brings the stakeholders the iot sensor data market together. the foundational layer the ecosystem. opening new monetization opportunities: sensor owners are incentivised through direct remuneration from data buyers. future iteration, the platform will introduce additional data enrichment and display options that service providers can monetise through the platform. the roadmap includes graphical packages from mapping charts. enabling crowdsourcing: sensor data crowd-sourced directly from sensor owners. why use blockchain? from marketplace perspective using the public ethereum chain enables the use fully built out financial ecosystem, with minimum fees. traditional fiat payment processors charge between and for money and money out, while purchase using the utility token costs around usd fees for purchases any size. using utility token over fiat currency also brings the advantage decimals. combine the possibility use extremely small fractions the token with very low fees, and real microtransactions become possible. while these actions will ease adoption, there will learning curve for these enterprises. every project the blockchain space working hard try and solve some these issues and only matter time before the skillset the users and technical capabilities meet the middle. from decentralised network perspective also perfect fit. very large numbers participants, trustless environment, transacting with each other the definition perfect use-case. from ecosystem perspective notice lot activity the iot sphere, solving lot hard problems for the future. and are avid fans these trailblazers knowing that the databroker dao great addon for many these project, the missing link the ecosystem. are not blind the usability issue using separate tokens public blockchain for any type user. are working several solutions ease adoption: will facilitate corporations purchase tokens from databroker dao directly. these tokens will come out the reserved platform fund and will sold for fiat currency with full invoicing, just like any other digital good. will not buy back tokens issue more. are planning implementing the gasstation concept presented swarm.city devcon overcome the "gas" hump when onboarding new users the platform. are working actively with leading wallet providers include our tokens default, easing the setup and management these tokens for enterprise. http://ethgasstation.info/ https://github.com/swarmcity/sclabs-gasstation-service/blob/master/readme.md iot blockchain proj ects there are commonly named projects that live the same sphere: streamr, iota and oceanprotocol. streamr taking their traditional data transfer platform and will attempt "blockhainize" it. while will not into deep technical analysis these projects the conclusion can drawn from reading the whitepaper that the goal replace the entire iot stack, from top bottom, with the streamr solution. monumental challenge you keep mind that they are operational years, they will have replace industry with billion deployed sensors. iota's plan similar. but they even further, aside from replacing the entire iot ecosystem, they also replace any underlying blockchain base with new and untested network, using concept called "tangle". double down the challenges. both streamr and iota describe data marketplace. marketplace for data the the streamr iota platform/ network. of, some point time, one them has replaced the iot ecosystem, the winner would indeed real competitor for databroker dao break down data silos and facilitate the easy transfer data, regardless the underlying network. databroker dao takes radically different approach: built into production this year. this ensures both need use proven technology, and first movers advantage over these other players. built interface with the large players the ecosystem (manufacturers and gateway operators) non invasive way. are not replacing anything anyone, ensuring low friction environment. the only way get market scale fast enough. focuses being complementary component the current and future ecosystem, meaning that the future databroker dao can co-exist, integrate and complement iota, streamr and oceanprotocol. wish each and every one these projects all the success the world, and will happily integrate them into the ecosystem upon reaching critical mass. oceanprotocol different story. their focus new kind bigchaindb-based network specifically for buying and selling datasets. while not lot known this point, the roadmap specifies several years before their solution will ready and the underlying technology less decentralised/open compared ethereum based solution. https://www.streamr.com https://iota.org https://oceanprotocol.com/ the architecture token curated registry for reputation, quality and curation. the core component the platform the registry sensors and data steams/ files offered the platform. the datastreamregistry will store all data providing sources that stream sensor data. streaming data can live data coming from iot sensor. this data sold per timespan. the datasetregistry will hold 'files' data that can bought; these are sold per download. list stream/set these registries, the owner has stake (to stake means commit/sent/lockup this context) certain amount dtx tokens. these tokens are locked guarantee for good behavior the data seller. there will minimum stake required listed the registry all. data sellers can stake more dtx tokens they want to. staking more allows these streams/ sets appear more prominently the listings (e.g., sorting, additional badges the interface) improving the chances being bought, and the same increase the guarantees buyer has that the data good quality and contains the advertised information. data buyer that unhappy with the quality data can challenge entry the registry staking some dtx tokens. this challenge will represented the all potential buyers negative reputation score. itself, does not have any effect selling the data. upon reaching certain threshold challenges, check the data provider will performed databroker dao administrator. upon finding issues with the advertised data, it's stake distributed equally over all challengers and the databroker dao platform wallet. the entry removed from the registry. deemed that the data sound, the staked tokens the challengers get distributed the data seller and the platform. this incentivizes data sellers maintain good standing and delivering data advertised. data buyers are encouraged report bad data recoup the lost funds due bad data. data buyers are discouraged from reporting false challenges, and the seller can reduce lost funds due unfair bad reputation. the databroker dao platform and its administrators are encouraged handle these disputes quickly and efficiently and are rewarded for their time and effort. identity management for billion sensor owners databroker dao peer-to-peer marketplace iot sensor data. this data created sensors, and are talking about billions sensors. these sensors are owned again very large number owners. these owners have contracted network operator (which might telco, manufacturer) transport the data generated their sensors (mainly internet-) gateway for consumption. the network operator takes the role gatekeeper regards the data flowing through their gateway. they have performed all required kyc procedures the sensor owners and they have identified and validated the sensors themselves. they are also garding their network against unauthorised use. and most regions, network operators not have monopoly resulting large amount potential partners, but significantly reduced compared the amount owners sensors. for databroker dao partnering with these gateway operators quite advantageous scenario. controlling and verifying the gateway operators, the platform has way manage and control the gigantic amount sensors and owners proxy. this has consequence for managing the identities the sensors, owners and operators the platform. building the work end user identity management projects like uport, the platform works with "managed identity proxy" contracts. these proxy contracts contain the link the sensor owner's wallet and identity. different from the end user solutions, these proxy contracts are also linked the identity the owner the gateway operator and can controlled that gateway operator. this allows have full ownership the sensor owner, combined with the ability the gateway operator control/ automate their interaction with the system, and even handle end-user private keys until proper key management has become widespread and commonplace. this system will open-sourced before the main token sale. dapp and dapi the blockchain world, large number projects are building distributed applications dapps. these client side applications interact directly with ethereum other blockchains. many cases, for the sake user experience, these applications are running remote shared nodes like the ones infura provides. while this the only way create user friendly end-user peer-to-peer applications, has serious drawbacks for some our use cases: single point failure. during some the recent token sales, the client side applications coupled with high demand have brought these shared nodes halt. not for the lack trying skill, but due the sheer amount rpc calls needed perform certain functions ethereum smart contracts. high stakes sector, such failures are not option. web interfaces and apps are nice, but the real value apis. the current saas and cloud boom this almost given. you have real product unless you also have api for it. slack, zapier, github, crm and erp systems, they all attribute parts their success their commitment apis. more apps, more problems. adding extra interface only makes harder use for the average user. the sensor owners already have account with the operators. they have figured out how work with them and are happy (and not, they switch operators). that why add in, what call, dapi. just like dapp, it's api application that deployed each node. primary usage this dapi the gateway operator, data processor and large scale data buyer sides, and not the sensor owner small scale buyers. they will use the (existing) interfaces provided the gateway operators the databroker dao dapp. https://infura.io/ data distribution and storage billions sensors generate huge amounts data. and any company using iot sensor data has their systems for processing and most likely not inclined replace that system. this means cannot enforce new data storage system them. even more important, not the goal the platform store all iot sensor data for eternity. built the dapi, there are connectors integrate with the leading iot and bigdata storage vendors, leaving the buyer the choice where their data needs sent. now there valid use-case for blockchain anchoring this data. the immutability and timestamping capabilities are worth something. benefit from these capabilities the dapi will anchor batches data the ethereum mainnet (using the chainpoint spec). https://chainpoint.org/ gove rnance the "dao" the databroker dao name not marketing ploy. believe that platform such crucial crossroads between iot and blockchain, with global and wide variety involved parties, will need non-traditional governance model. though the community has learned lot since initial dao governance experiments, there still long way go. especially since lot the partners this ecosystem are more enterprise minded this time. since agility and flexibility are crucial the early stages decided that, since best practices and adoption this model are still moving target, databroker dao will run using traditional company structure, until such time we, active collaboration with the community and industry, can determine governance model that works for all parties involved. ata the toke value history the dtx token the goal have dtx token cover the average value the data from sensor for one week. this allows enough granularity (at decimals) work with micropayments, even after significant growth and price increases. members joining the project and will vested stages over years, and the unvested tokens return the fund case the team member leaves the team. the rest distributed current team members and advisors. determined the corresponding price per token looking the market predictions the previous section for then project have billion usd flowing through the platform for million sensors. additional reserved for the platform fund. the majority these tokens will used allow enterprise users buy tokens using fiat currency ease adoption these crucial users. this will happen other solution via exchanges can found, and gradually over the next years not influence the market. usd/year sensors/year usd/sensor/year the average sensor has value usd per year, usd per month, usd per week and such the value dtx token should equate initially this number. eth price usd eth, eth will get you dtx tokens. during the token sale doubled the number tokens, coming rate dtx/eth. determined the maximum number tokens issued million, the number sensors the platform reserved for team incentives over the coming years. the majority this team fund will distributed team our earliest supporters, who purchased the old data token, got equivalent their original eth investment dtx tokens bonus rate reward them for their trust the project. this amounts total. tokens will locked until january effectively decreasing the available supply significantly for the foreseeable future. the tokens has been reserved for our bounty campaign. june our main token sale ended, resulting total sale dtx. token distribution platform early supporters lock-up sale bounty team incentives the team some history the databroker dao was conceptualised settlemint late the dynamics the market and the opportunities brings immediately sparked the development the first proof concepts. after the first beta was completed february, has been the road tradeshows, pitch competitions and blockchain challenges across the world test its market viability. have demoed the platform london, dublin, berlin, singapore, dubai, jeddah, salt lake city, new york, paris and tokyo. the result was astounding, people love the idea and the product, and interest from manufacturers and gateway operators has been encouraging. june, the decision was made that the project itself has too much potential not run with dedicated team and that token sale was better suited the project than traditional rounds. give all our early community the chance push the ecosystem forward, opted early token sale september. with very long lockup and significant risk the buyers, they truly are our avid supporters. raised little over eth that has appreciated significantly since then. during this early token sale were asked the belgian regulator (fsma) give more context and determine this token sale was regulated them. assisted willem van wiele, crypto expert and legal counsel white case llp provided the regulator with complete written and verbal overview our project and plans. that time there were further questions nor actions required. about settlemint settlemint belgian/dubai based startup focussed creating tools make building blockchain applications easy any team. all the work and r&d encapsulated distributed middleware called mint which consists sdk. notary, which deals with anything related recording information blockchain, but also ipfs and swarm. provenance for supply chain tracking. ballot box for voting and last but not least marketplaces for functionality ranging from tokens exchanges digitally traded products. all the while supporting wide range public and private blockchain solutions like ethereum, bitcoin, multichain, bigchaindb and the hyperledger projects. mint used the databroker dao. the marketplaces sdk and smart contract templates are used for the marketplace part the project, while the notary sdk used the archiving and sharing the dat part the project. yearly licence fee will payed out the revenue the platform compensation. databroker dao based out the settlemint dubai office. templates are used for the marketplace part the project, while the notary sdk used the archiving and sharing the dat part the project. yearly licence fee will payed out the revenue the platform compensation. databroker dao based out the settlemint dubai office. team members team members matthew van niekerk co-founder ceo matthew van niekerk founded and exited two companies japan, then co-founder ceo got his mba belgium, after which joined large financial institution, performing variety got his mba founded and exited two companies japan, then roles ranging from coo the consumer finance belgium, after which joined large financial institution, performing variety roles ranging from coofor ofthe the consumer business line head platform innovation finance business line head ofplatform. platform innovation brokerage and crowdfunding for the brokerage andand crowdfunding left the bank left the bank co-foundedplatform. settlemint. and co-founded settlemint. roderik van der veer co-founder cto roderik van der veer after roderik built&one the largest ecommerce co-founder cto computer store sites belgium worked the development sector and cto grew traditional marcom agency digital after roderik built oneinto the largest ecommerce computer store powerhouse. exited business focus sites belgium this worked inon the development sector blockchain technologies when co-founded and cto grew traditional marcom agency into digital settlemint powerhouse. exited this business focus blockchain frank van geertruyden technologies when co-founded settlemint marcom director marketing and communication professional with almost years experience advertising, publishing, sales, automotive and ict, frank worked both agency and advertising site before getting on-board settlemint. roderik van der veer frank van co-founder cto geertruyden els meyvaertdirector marcom afterproject roderik built one the largest ecommerce manager computer store sites belgium worked the development sector and cto grew elsas worked account manager various financial marketing communication professional with almost traditional marcom agency intoand digital powerhouse. exited this business focus onto her first love, institutions until she moved back years experience advertising, publishing, sales, automotive blockchain technologies when co-founded communication. account director, she handled andin ict, frank worked both agency and advertising side settlemint communication for the largest fmcg group before getting on-board settlemint. frank van geertruyden belgium before joining settlemint. marcom director marketing and communication professional vandeputte withcassandre almost years experience advertising, solution analyst publishing, sales, automotive and ict, frank worked both agency and advertising site before getting on-board settlemint. cassandre has earned her stripes the blockchain innovation labs accenture before joining els meyvaert settlemint project manager this year. els meyvaert els worked account manager various financial project manager institutions until she moved back her first love, communication. account director, she handled communication for the largest fmcg group belgium before joining settlemint. els worked account manager various financial institutions untilvandeputte she moved back her first love, communication. cassandre solution analyst account director, she handled communication for the largest fmcg group belgium before cassandre has earned her stripes the blockchain innovation labs accenture before joining settlemint this year. joining settlemint. tom block blockchain architect serial entrepreneur with active companies belgium, spain and eastern europe and strong background quality assurance large financial institutions across europe. silke van den broeck blockchain developer after working with cutting edge web and mobile technologies multiple belgian startups, silke decided use her experience full-stack developer help lift the settlemint tech higher level. sebastian wijkhuizen blockchain developer sebastian started his career equities and derivatives trader, became passionate about technology and ventured into the world software development. over the years, has acquired experience the development trading algorithms, web and mobile applications, ai-powered chatbots, before joining the settlemint developer team. peter-jan brone blockchain developer passionate coder, with emphasis queueing, caching and performance distributed systems references ann bosche, april defining the battlegrounds the internet things. http://www.bain.com/publications/articles/defining-the-battlegrounds-of-the-internet-ofthings.aspx babel, february tackling privacy concerns key expanding the iot. http://insights.wired.com/profiles/blogs/addressing-consumer-privacy-concerns-is-key-toexpanding-the#axzzvceqps columbus, november roundup internet things forecasts and market estimates, https://www.forbes.com/sites/louiscolumbus////roundup-of-internet-of-thingsforecasts-and-market-estimates-/#dbbd committee commerce, science and transportation. december review the data broker industry: collection, use, and sale consumer data for marketing purposes. https://www.commerce.senate.gov/public/_cache/files/db---affb/aedcbeffbfcbececb...-senate-commercecommittee-report- on-data-broker-industry.pdf dixon, (). congressional testimony: what information data brokers have consumers? world privacy forum. edith ramirez, (). data brokers, call for transparency and accountability. ftc. ericsson. june). ericsson mobility report the pulse the networked society. https://www.ericsson.com/res/docs//ericsson-mobility-report-.pdf federal trade commission. may ftc recommends congress require the data broker industry more transparent and give consumers greater control over their personal information. flavio cirillo, december iot broker. https://www.fiware.org/wp- content/uploads///-day--developers-iotbroker.pdf freyberg, june internet things why you should care... now. gamer, march your iot device: how much data should collect? https://www.ecnmag.com/blog///your-iot-device-how-much-data-should-it-collect general electrics. (). the industrial internet platform. online: digital. gillett, january the internet things, heat map, https://www.cloudera.com/content/dam/www/static/documents/analyst-reports/forresterthe-iot-heat-map.pdf iot analytics. january). iot platforms: market report http://files.shareholder.com/downloads/pmtc/xx/a-f--edcafc/iot_platform_market_report_-.pdf iot solutions world congress. september iot sensors market worth billion usd http://www.iotsworldcongress.com/iot-sensors-market-worth---billion- usd-by-/ johannes deichmann, october creating successful internet things data marketplace. http://www.mckinsey.com/business-functions/digital-mckinsey/our-insights/creating-asuccessful-internet-of-things-data-marketplace kapko, march inside the shadowy world data brokers. http://www.cio.com/article//data-management/inside-the-shadowy-world-of-databrokers.html lerouge, march market strategy for saas companies. https://www.slideshare.net/guillaumelerouge/go-tomarket-strategy-for-bb-saas-companies lynne dunbrack, march). iot and digital transformation: tale four industries. http://digitalistmag.wpengine.netdna-cdn.com/files///idc_iot_white_paper_mar. pdf marketing manager insider. march what are data brokers, and what your data worth? https://www.webpagefx.com/blog/general/what-are-data-brokers-and-what-is-your-dataworth- infographic/ marketo. march what lead generation. https://www.marketo.com/lead- generation/ moore, june how choose data broker. http://www.gartner.com/smarterwithgartner/how-to-choose-a-data-broker/ postscapes. march iot technology guidebook. https://www.postscapes.com/internet-of-things-technologies/ privacy rights clearinghouse. october online information broker faq. https://www.privacyrights.org/blog/online-information-broker-faq singer, (). mapping, and sharing, the consumer genome. nytimes. smartcities, january roadmap https://eu-smartcities.eu/sites/all/files/roadmap%eip_scc_website.pdf tarrant. march developing goto market strategy. www.slideshare.net/mtarrant/developing-a-goto-market-strategy wordstream. march the wordstream blog. http://www.wordstream.com/blog/ws////demand-generation. want know more? hello@databrokerdao.com @databrokerdao t.me/databrokerdao databrokerdao.com