data james kilroe november contents introduction initial token economy supply databits prior databit token economy explanation advantages initial system disadvantages initial system new token economy design economy design economy design elements economy design advantages conclusion list figures figure figure figure initial databit token economy design diagram new token economy $dtb feedback loop list tables table average $dtb price vs. different possible lifetime revenues the game abstract the primary aim this new design align the interest the augmentors business, the backers, the players and all other participants the network. the system uses databits ($dtb) and the in-game currency, which referred databit tethers ($dtbt) this document. $dtbt are locked $dtb fixed ratio and can traded into and out $dtb. this new system, augmentors derives its revenue from the selling packs containing creatures and other consumable items. these packs will also contain some $dtbt and will available through the in-game store. $dtbt are used the internal virtual economy (which powered $dtbt) and this economy, players will require $dtbt utilise different game features. this means that the augmentors business highly incentivized stabilise and grow the value the network and $dtb. newtown partners introduction introduction databits ($dtb) are integral part the augmentors gaming ecosystem and have influenced the design the game, allowing for its financing. order issue and release $dtb initially, preliminary token system was designed. now, believe that the preliminary token system suboptimal. firstly, this paper reviews the initial token system, its advantages, and its disadvantages. secondly, this paper discusses proposed new token system and how this new system solves the fundamental issues with the old token system. the author believes that the new token economy design fosters economy that will serve both the players and the backers the game, creating network symbiotic positive network effects which fully utilises the power crypto-tokens. the primary aim this new design align the interest the augmentors business, the backers, the players and all other participants the network. the system uses $dtb and the in-game currency, which referred databit tethers ($dtbt). $dtbt are locked $dtb fixed ratio and can traded into and out $dtb. this new system, augmentors derives its revenue from the selling packs containing creatures and other consumable items. these packs will also contain some $dtbt and will available through the in-game store. $dtbt are used the internal virtual economy (which powered $dtbt) and this economy, players will require $dtbt utilise different game features. this means that the augmentors business highly incentivized stabilise and grow the value the network and $dtb. initial token economy supply databits start with, tokens were created. the token sale structure allocated the tokens the token sale and the remaining the augmentors company. although, the million usd token sale target was reached, not all million $dtb were sold during the sale; $dtb were sold. the request the community, the company agreed reduce its stake from $dtb the total supply and thus, now, the company owns $dtb, with the community holding the remaining $dtb. prior databit token economy explanation all in-app purchases are fiat i.e. dollars usd). for every usd spent in-game, augmentors receives usd after apple's fee. this usd, usd reflected augmentors revenue and the other usd used purchase $dtb the instantaneous market price. the purchased $dtb then destroyed. after the destruction $dtb, the item creature relic) sent the purchaser. this structure provides liquidity the secondary market and shrinks the supply $dtb, which should cause increase their value. figure illustrates this process graphically. figure initial databit token economy design initial token economy table shows the average $dtb price vs. different possible lifetime revenues the game. the higher the lifetime revenue, the higher the expected average price $dtb. note, this assumes all $dtb are sold for the same price, which will not happen. illustrative the fundamental value only. possible lifetime revenue $,, $,, $,, $,, $,, $,,, total purchased $dtb $,, $,, $,, $,, $,, starting $dtb circulation average $dtb price advantages initial system the advantages this system are described below. established use case the current system, there established use case for tokens portion the game's revenue will purchase $dtb from the secondary market, which then destroyed. thus, the price $dtb influenced the revenue the game. this gives $dtb intrinsic value. table shows how the price $dtb linked the lifetime revenue the game. the table shows different possible lifetime revenues, and one can see that the lifetime revenue increases then does the $dtb price. this table does not take into account any speculative holding $dtb, which may drive instantaneous prices up. guaranteed liquidity the market has guaranteed liquidity the company becomes market maker, who continually purchasing $dtbs prevailing rates. disadvantages initial system the initial system has number disadvantages, which prevent $dtb from being suitable in-game token. these prevent the token from having number key features, which are enabled correctly designed system. example issue the deflationary nature the coin, which prevents being suitable in-game token. however, this paper focuses the only disadvantage that fatal. for completeness sake, the other disadvantages include: deflationary nature causes reduction spending fluctuating price based speculation game's profits misalignment incentives between backers, company and players network effects minimal utility regulatory the regulatory space has changed since the design the initial system and becoming increasingly clear that tokens that share profits (either directly, through burning mechanism) are seen securities the u.s. securities and exchange commission (sec). this was announced when the sec released their report regarding the now failed decentralized autonomous organization (dao). this report indicated that profitsharing tokens are considered securities. such, the current token design falls outside the acceptable legal use tokens. since the sec announcement, least four other agencies have released statements (finma, asic, pboc, fss) with more agencies releasing statements each day. the statements have all been different, https://www.sec.gov/litigation/investreport/-.pdf new token economy design some have been formal warnings, while some have been more serious nature. this nascent market with significant legal and regulatory risks, the final token design should mitigate risk and follow best practice. the regulatory risk has given choice but redesign the token economy. new token economy design believe that have found the solution the regulatory issue with our new token system: now clearly utility token. also, believe that the updated system has number additional benefits when compared the old system. high level, the new system allows $dtb related the in-game economy i.e. the value token reflected the size the in-game economy the monetary supply fixed. believe this critical difference which has number benefits when compared the old system. the new system was designed using the philosophy utility token. current best practice for utility token based the equation exchange the crypto-industry, this best described chris burniske's post extract shown below: cryptoasset valuation largely comprised solving for where pq/v. the size the monetary base necessary support cryptoeconomy size pq, velocity v." chris burniske thus, order for $dtb utility token should directly linked crypto-economy. turn, this crypto-economy should related the game economy. believe the new token system meets these requirements. the initial system failed link the token the value the cryptoeconomy, rather was profit share model. this meant that the token weakly linked the size the economy, and does not encourage its growth, which suboptimal. economy design diagram (figure the high-level system shown below. importantly, there are two tokens. databits ($dtb) and databits tether ($dtbt). $dtb the standard crypto-asset and $dtbt off-chain asset that pegged $dtb. for every $dtb, there will $dtbt. firstly, player purchases package using fiat currency from the in-app store. this accomplished through the in-app purchase functionality, which the standard method in-app purchases. the app store fee, typically subtracted from the payment and the balance sent the in-app store. each purchased package contains several elements including, but not limited to, creatures, consumables and $dtbt. once purchased, the company sends the proportional number $dtb (as $dtbt pack) the $dtb reserve. the company purchases these $dtb from the secondary market. the company records the remaining balance fiat used purchase the package revenue. figure the in-app store managed the company who purchases the $dtb from the secondary market behalf the store. for any additional uses described below, the company can replenish its individual supply $dtb also purchasing them from the secondary market. during the game, the player can battle other players (where she can earn $dtbt reward for playing). player can trade creatures for $dtbt the peer-to-peer trading hub, described the auction house figure within this auction house, the player can place their creatures auction for $dtbt, and have other players bid them. action successful, the selling player will receive the buying player's $dtb http://www.econmentor.com/college-macro/associated-macroeconomic-topics/money/equation-of-exchange-mv= pq--quantity-theory-of-money/text/.html https://medium.com/@cburniske/cryptoasset-valuations-acffca new token economy design figure diagram new token economy and the buying player will receive the creature. other items may also added the auction house over time. the player wants withdraw $dtbt, they can log into their account via the game's website. when redeeming $dtbt, they are destroyed and the equivalent $dtb are sent the player. the steps this process are highlighted using number figure the website interface may have kyc/aml element prevent money laundering. once the $dtb have been redeemed, they can sent out-of-game counterparty compatible wallet. players could follow the same process for creatures. the optional second out-of-game wallet can either new wallet link existing one. the out-ofgame wallet on-chain, which allows players the ability store creatures and $dtb out the game they wish. believe any blockchain game should allow this functionality. illustrative transaction please note, that this illustrative and not indicative the weighting packs. player buys usd pack from the in-game store. this pack, she receives two creatures, five relics, three skins, two spells and usd worth $dtbt. the time, one $dtb worth one usd, she receives $dtbt. the in-app store automatically transfers four $dtb the $dtb reserve maintain the $dtb and $dtbt ratio. through extensive playing, she gains another $dtbt. after levelling one her creatures, she decides that she wants sell and lists the auction house. the creature deemed valuable because rare (one ever made), and because she skilled, has never lost battle. she sells this creature for $dtbt. she now decides cash out her $dtbt. she logs onto the website and completes the required kyc and withdraws her $dtbt. these are removed from circulation and the proportional amount $dtb being sent her counterparty enabled wallet. she then decides sell the $dtb the secondary new token economy design market and because the game popular, the price $dtb has risen usd each. she sells these $dtb for usd. economy design elements there are number different elements this design, including: $dtb reserve this the reserve $dtb that the company will keep separate wallet. this reserve will grow more $dtbt are released into the game. however, will always correlate the number $dtbt within the game. when user wants withdraw $dtb from the reserve they can through the website and their corresponding $dtbt will destroyed. augmentors store this the in-game store, where users can purchase creatures, consumables and packages. consumables consumables consist potions, once off spells, and variety other digital game assets. another consumable note the non-tradable coin. this coin not sold the company, but can rewarded players for battling and other game-enhancing behaviour. not tokenized coin and will not tradable outside the game. wouldn't possible convert from the consumable coin $dtbt. this coin allows users play the game for free which critical for free-to-play game. earned through 'grind'. trading hub the trading hub allows players exchange creatures with one another. order purchase creature, the user needs $dtbt. the current design the trading hub involves bidding process, where creatures are placed for bidding and anybody can bid them over certain time period. vickrey auction may solve this issue, but more research required. leveler players must maintain certain balance $dtbt their in-game wallet access certain levels. this one the initially planned staking mechanisms. number staking mechanisms are planned for the game economy. these mechanisms serve lower the velocity the token. the lower the velocity, the greater the overall value the monetary supply (and turn the token price) according the equation exchange: monetary supply $dtb value in-game economy $usd velocity $dtb tokens economy design advantages eliminates the negative aspects deflation the new system does not burn tokens and hence there deflation. fact, more tokens are converted into $dtbt, there will inflation $dtbt. this reduces the urge users 'hodl' for token price appreciation in-game. the lack in-game 'hodling' should benefit the network value. link token value the network value ideally, the value the token should function the size the network, roughly following metcalf's law believe this now the case with the new $dtb system. the value the token and the value the https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/vickrey_auction https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/metcalfe%s_law new token economy design network are aligned. more players use the game, there more demand for $dtb (through the $dtbt), tethers are purchased with $dtb. the previous system did not have this benefit. mathematically, the crypto-economy. increases (through more purchased packages) then should which the total value all coins assuming velocity can remain constant. maintain velocity token velocity one the most important aspects any crypto-economy, yet also one the least understood. thought that the velocity badly designed crypto-economies will extremely high there reason hold the token. high velocity reduces the value the token. the other hand, low velocity also bad indicates there activity within the economy. thus, goldilocks zone velocity optimal. moderate velocity ensures that the value the economy reflected the value the token. thought that the optimal velocity will different for each token economy. the current mechanism incorporates staking mechanisms, such the leveller, which reduces velocity. necessary, more velocity reducing levers can added maximise the value the token captures. detailed explainer velocity, its effect tokens and different velocity reducing levers can found here. align incentives the primary aim this new design align the interest the augmentors business, the backers, the players and all other participants the network. this new system, augmentors derives its revenue from the selling creatures and $dtbt for the internal virtual economy (which powered $dtbt). this means that the business highly incentivized stabilise and grow the value the network and coin. the new system, players are incentivized participate and encourage other potential players join the game. the new economy, the early players will benefit from larger network because their $dtbt will appreciate value the network grows size. early adopters will receive more $dtbt than later players because more $dtbt are issued per dollar when the price $dtb lower. this feedback effect shown figure more players become $dtb holders, then the game should have more 'evangelists'. turn, they should raise awareness, which should drive more players. important that the game has fundamentally attractive (i.e. fun) play because the later players will receive less financial benefit from the game. thus, they need more utility better know funness. figure $dtb feedback loop the new system, where $dtbt the in-game currency, can used marketing tool bring new players. these new players make the game more "sticky" and add the network effects. the players compensate for their marketing costs because they produce stable, healthy ecosystem matches/ games and supports. they are benefited through appreciating $dtb price. figure illustrates this feedback loop. https://medium.com/newtown-partners/velocity-of-tokens-bb conclusion conclusion the initial $dtb economy, the price $dtb linked profits and not the network players, backers and other participants. this paper has described new token system enable $dtb through new tether benefit from the size the network. this new token structure, which powers in-game economy, creates clear value and utility for the token. believe that linking $dtb the in-game economy virtual goods will result $dtb being dependent the network value. secondly, aligning incentives, the new design creates complementary effects that will cause positive feedback loops the network. thirdly, believe that token value that clearly dependent the network size will create stable network that grows organically and will also provide long-term price stability. overall, believe that this token has clearer link the network value and that can maintain long-term sustainable price that benefits all stakeholders.