white paper roger haenni roger@datum.org june, updated: october, white paper important disclaimer there are risks and uncertainties associated with datum and/or the distributor and their respective businesses and operations, the dat tokens, the dat initial token sale and the datum app (each referred this whitepaper). you can find description the risk related the token sale under the section legal, which should read carefully. this whitepaper, any part thereof and any copy thereof must not taken transmitted any country where distribution dissemination token sale initial coin offering like the one described this whitepaper prohibited restricted. the dat tokens are not intended constitute securities any jurisdiction. dat tokens are utility token and cannot have performance particular value outside the datum platform. therefore this whitepaper cannot constitute prospectus offer document for investment securities. this whitepaper does not constitute form part any opinion any advice sell, any solicitation any offer datum network gmbh purchase any dat tokens give any help any investment decision. you are not eligible and you are not purchase any dat tokens the datum token sale (as referred this whitepaper) you are citizen, resident (tax otherwise) green card holder the united states america resident the people's republic china south korea. white paper datum noun singular data piece information white paper important disclaimer executive summary background stakeholders privacy datum client open data data consumers use cases smart contract datum artifact structure data retention project roadmap dat the datum network token dat token crowdsale dat allocation overview datum budget datum foundation governance user growth conclusion team advisory board acknowledgements contact the datum token, legal and crowdsale white paper general information knowledge required risks important disclaimer representation and warranties governing law and arbitration white paper executive summary abstract: the datum network allows anyone store structured data securely decentralized way smart contract blockchain. the dat smart token enables optional selling and buying stored data while enforcing data usage rules set the data owner. every day create quintillion bytes data, and the world's data today has been created the last years alone. data stored grows faster than the world economy and contributes substantial shift economic power and source economic value. lot this data created individuals organizations; browsing the internet, interacting social networks, uploading personal files, syncing devices and shopping online. this data owned and stored large private organizations huge data silos where susceptible selling, tampering, extraction and other exploitation. the originator the data mostly loses control over its data when signing various services such facebook, google, instagram, snap, twitter etc., that offer 'free' services exchange for exploitation data, e.g. google's gmail service reading emails and showing targeted ads result. datum proposes network run secure smart contract blockchain that allows all its users retake control their data, not just the personal and habitual data they produce every day, but also data from the (iot) devices that they control. datum encompasses the following key elements: fast decentralized data store allowing users store structured data securely running smart contract blockchain the dat token enabling this data storage and sharing the data marketplace, enabling individuals monetize their data their terms datum leverages bigchaindb and ipfs provide infinitely scalable, decentralized data storage backend. data storage and data sharing paid for the dat token. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/internet_of_things white paper the datum network will consist out billion dat tokens, with billion dat tokens available public token crowdsale. the datum network aims provide entities such researchers, companies individuals the most efficient and frictionless access data while respecting the data owner's terms and conditions. becoming dominant data marketplace, datum aims revolutionize the existing data market where data creators are rarely paid for the data and the monetization happens middle men who not add any value. the datum network will support initiatives that aim increase control data their sources (e.g. individuals). aim work towards future where data first and foremost owned their creator (e.g. individual posting image) and where the creator can choose share, monetize destroy this data based their own purview. this stark contrast with current data silos which collect vast amounts humanities data under restrictive licensing terms, e.g. individual giving most rights their image when posting instagram. feel that legislation many regions being worked towards giving back more control user data the users themselves and feel the datum network important facilitator and technical solution for such future. the datum network aims disrupt current data broker model giving more direct and better value access users data. this turn empowers users regaining control how their data gets used and shared. users are incentivized use the datum network for data storage not only privacy but also monetization incentives. the more users using the datum network the more powerful the momentum becomes, eventually users are able insist that data stored and handled through the datum network. datum can thought decentralized version apple's healthkit, but for any type data instead just healthcare data. healthkit has led massive opening data participating apps, however stored with centralized entity, apple inc., and only available within apple's ecosystem. expect see the https://hbr.org///smart-ledgers-can-help-us-reclaim-control-of-our-personal-data white paper same rapid adoption effect with the datum network once gains critical momentum. datum network being built enable the input multiple types data, and allow user control the said data types. background live knowledge economy where data strategic asset that allows companies acquire and maintain their competitive edge. the value raw data varies from hundred cents over several hundred dollars per individual. the more enriched, analyzed and leveraged for specialized uses, the more its value increases. despite the large-scale monetization personal and business data, the only player the chain that currently not getting paid paradoxically the individual him/her/itself who happens the source harvested data. your personal corporate data worth lot money. facebook, google and co. all happily collect data return for nothing. this the chance gain back control your data and determine and when you want sell share it. there quote which most certainly define the world all live today: "if you are not paying for the product, you are the product." andrew lewis, the datum network model could provide basic income for everyone allowing them monetize their anonymized data. user facebook, google, linkedin, twitter, yahoo and similar services every year you create excess $,, created directly from your personal data alone. for corporate entities, the value even greater. this only the value represented data each these "data silos", when you connect this data, the richer and wider the information, the more money worth. what you could monetize this data yourself, deciding yourself how much you are willing share return for rewards and new opportunities. white paper there already worldwide data market enabled various data brokers that collect all types personal data from various databases, datum the secure and decentralized alternative. stakeholders users submit data. data can personal business data and collections thereof data from iot devices and any other data source. storage nodes provide compute power and storage capacity store data the de-centralized network. storage nodes are part the bigchaindb cluster that allows datum provide global scale storage submitted data. data consumers any entity wishing access data. users can grant data under their precise terms, either for free for fee. dat token holders govern the datum network and provide the "fuel" enabling transactions the datum network. datum focuses empowering the users (the source data). datum open source and free participate. fees are paid store data, access stored data and rewards are paid out for submitting data. privacy each piece data the datum network marked with usage terms during the encryption. this way the user (the source the data) can control what way their data shared and used others. the usage terms are controlled the dat token smart contract. https://techcrunch.com////whats-the-value-of-your-data/ white paper users have full control over privacy settings and can fine tune with whom share data: share disabled share with specific, identified and known data consumers share with specific, identified and known data consumers for minimum fee share with everyone share with everyone for minimum fee datum client the datum client empowers users take control all their data and optionally share sell their data through the datum network. the datum client being designed for large number various platforms such mobile and desktop. are also designing support for embedded device platforms used iot devices, electric cars etc. unlock the value such device data. the first phase the datum client will offered mobile app for ios and android. focusing the development goals: following overview stored data overview dat token holdings simple privacy controls detailed data access reports focused end user adoption key white paper full transparency means users can inspect the data that being transmitted any time. traceable access: users can trace who accessed their data any time. open data allow humanitarian and other legitimate projects access the data, these can register projects. the user clients shows currently running projects requesting data access and users can control whether give access not based their decision. example could information from digital health devices medical institutions and researchers, iot devices case accidents such natural disasters. datum the data network datum solves the following key problems. focusing data represented key/value pairs, datum ensures that availability, latency and query-ability/searchability are preserved and incentivized/rewarded. all data encrypted and protected using aes-gcm with -bit key size for every -bit block, ensuring data integrity. data storage decentralized: not controlled any single party secure: encrypted source and immutable performant: latency ii. throughput functionally rich: able query data ii. able search data marketplace request data bid for data sell data white paper user specs the user (source data) looking solve the following criterias: secure: data encrypted source tamper proof: data immutable unlock value: data can monetized storage: decentralized storage privacy: data stored anonymously control: user stays control critical points such as: life data detail data future use data data consumers data consumers can request for data. ultimately, down individual network users grant access data. the credibility data consumers important aspect. such data consumers should incentivized build trusted track record handling data responsibly. the datum network puts great importance "know your consumer". while there industry focus "know your customer (e.g. you), there hardly anything advocating user's right know their counterparty. the datum network fixes this empowering its users determine who gets access their data. white paper data consumers can choose disclose the following (or nothing): identity general privacy policy use data lifetime data datum network trust rating regarding data requests consumers can specify further data specific items: use data lifetime data data network incentives the various parties and stakeholders making the datum network have different incentives. users: control use data secure and infinitely scalable data storage monetization data data consumers: direct access validated and verifiable data lower costs eliminating "data broker" middlemen storage node: rewards for hosting data and providing compute power data validation initially the datum network will rely buyers validate data and regulate fake invalid data. however, the data validation mechanism can implemented going forward and datum also plans implement trust ranking system for all users (this includes owners data and buyers data well storage node operators). white paper users can link their data their verified identity such uport civic. users can enrich their data with social media and other profiles. users can enrich their data with trusted party validators. algorithm based scientific method consensus, such dsensor sensemaking can implemented. http://dsensor.org/ white paper use cases user submits data and gets paid consumer; user submits piece data the datum network using the client software. the user pays gas submit the data. the data encrypted, only the user can provide decryption key all the interested parties. storage node receives the data and stores the data. the data replicated many other storage nodes. data consumer declares interest purchase the piece data. the user receives data purchase request with the details such purchaser and price offered. can agree the purchase request counter offer with modified proposal. the user accepts the proposal, the user receives dat tokens and the decryption key sent the data consumer who pays dat tokens. data can purchased one-off, on-going subscription basis. white paper token economics dat utility token that can exchanged for certain privileges the datum network. such participation the data market and registration the storage node etc. tokens exchanged for these activities shall destroyed, the supply dat fixed issuance the net effect these activities that the supply dat will decrease over time (deflation). marketplace participation and activity drives spending (destruction) tokens for privileged services storage nodes are paid fees for storing and transmitting data. overview the dat token role various processes the datum network process role feature join datum network participation right become user the datum network become storage node participation right become storage node the datum network become data buyer participation right become data buyer the datum network store data value exchange pay dat tokens store data buy data value exchange pay dat tokens buy data white paper overview dat tokens flows the datum network mechanics the token economy described this section are under review our legal counsel and subject change. storage nodes storage nodes require resources: compute power storage capacity bandwidth storage nodes are economically incentivized dat token rewards, paid out fixed percentage each transaction and shared amongst storage nodes according their contribution resources. white paper smart contract the datum network smart contract governs the following aspects; dat tokens are minime enabled and such allow for upgradeability. white paper datum artifact structure the datum structure follows; owner can have owner, one owner several owners can encrypted can public metadata can encrypted can public time stamp can encrypted can public data payload any arbitrary json structure white paper data network data storage structure example: data retention storing data costs money. such, storage nodes are incentivized store data, and the following section provides answers questions around retention, e.g. how long data stored? datum proposes the following mechanisms; data stored long storage paid for, either: data source data consumer different levels availability and retention: backup safety: how many copies the data exist the datum network latency: where copies exist retention: how long are copies retained white paper project roadmap the datum team has one focus: creating viable data marketplace the shortest time possible. september concept development founders start exploring large scale data storage for iot devices the medical and smart home sector and devise first prototypes structuring unstructured data. june white paper concept validation with the release the white paper and the resulting community feedback have fine tuned the concept and laid out the roadmap for the datum network. august pre-sale alpha version the presale for the dat token started august and ended september dat token allows users participate the new data economy. october datum token sale the datum token sale planned launch from october till november until the hard cap reached. datum released early alpha release the datum app before the launch token sale. the development the datum test network continues. december test network launch the launch the datum test network marks the beta release and will allow basic functionalities explored developers and the community. march release candidate the feature complete release candidate will deployed the test network and undergo intensive testing and bug fixing over the next three months. white paper june datum main network launch the launch the initial version the datum main network marks the start the new data economy. this point the datum network will consist the decentralized storage layer, the datum app, open api's submit and consume data and full fledged trading system. june data service providers increase adoption the datum network will release sdk and support system that allows developers use the network decentralized database for any personal user data collected their application service. developers can become service providers that facilitate storage and monetization such data and return take cut the data monetization revenue. september summer white label offering implementation abstraction layer top the datum network that allows for white label offering data storage solutions with specific control and governance differences from the public datum network. these offerings are targeted enterprise and government users the datum network that have additional requirements top the public network mechanics. complete developer ecosystem completion functionality the periphery the datum network that completes full development stack store, share, monetize and analyze data, particular solutions help with user authorization, data indexing and analysis stored data while still operating within terms set out data owners. will also have completed implementation legal framework that ensures storage personal data the datum network compliant (and exceeding) standards data protection within various jurisdictions. white paper autumn the global data marketplace the year milestone plan reach over users over countries, although continuous effort, will now have completed internationalization and localization for these markets. the implementation decentralized governance system for the datum network completed and governance planned transitioned the datum foundation and governance decisions made quorum token holders. white paper dat the datum network token the dat token facilitates transactions the datum network, providing value the data the network. the dat token sale will enable full development the datum network and provide efficient, transparent and secure smart contract token facilitate exchange data the network. dat token crowdsale role token enable trade data between data owners and buyers symbol dat supply ,,, for sale ,,, emission rate new tokens will created price dat per eth sale period utc utc accepted currencies eth token distribution december december minimum goal eth (raised september maximum goal eth white paper dat allocation overview all minted dat tokens will offered for purchase the public under the ticker symbol dat. the crowdsale will take place october utc (gmt+) and stay open for days until the hard cap eth reached. million) dat tokens were offered selected investors and the public part presale the dat rate eth dat, which started august and ended september including bonus offered presale participants and adjusting for the dat rate change time main token sale eth dat) the total amount tokens sold the presale was million) dat tokens representing ~.% all tokens. minted dat tokens will held reserve the datum network gmbh for community initiatives, user growth, business development, academic research, and future market expansion. raised dat tokens will allocated dat core developers, founders and advisors with sales restrictions spread monthly over years incentive ensure long term alignments interest and commitments towards the future value the tokens. white paper datum budget funds raised will allocated follows. mitigate volatile cryptocurrency markets and provide datum network gmbh with runway months, raised funds will hedged usd/eur/btc. budget outlined below assuming scenario where the first ceiling eth equivalent has been reached. white paper datum foundation governance initially the datum network governance handled the datum network gmbh, limited liability entity incorporated switzerland. longer term plan migrate governance dao empowering users and stakeholders with direct influence and control over the network and its development transferring network governance non-profit foundation registered and supervised authorities switzerland. user growth datum allows anyone monetize their data their terms. plan leverage this our user growth strategy. rewarding users from the very beginning for submitting data expect able drive accelerated growth. referral program will provide additional incentives existing users spread adoption. white paper conclusion datum will initiate change how people think about data. empowering data creators with secure way store and exchange their data, and vibrant marketplace monetize this data, new economic model will created that empowers consumers instead large private companies. the dat token will facilitate compensation data sources and storage nodes and enable new era secure and decentralized data storage and exchange. white paper team our team has over years experience building large scale data processing and management systems. are based switzerland, singapore and hong kong and combine the best these worlds: swiss quality with singaporean efficiency and hong kong's dynamism roger haenni gebhard scherrer tran co-founder, ceo co-founder, operations co-founder, marketing tech wizard serial entrepreneur, years experience big data systems. co-founder stockx, swissinvest, pcp.ch and kosi. product and service specialist, years experience operations and sales. co-founder gelid thermal solutions and arctic cooling. brand and marketing expert, years marketing experience taking gelid from launch one the leading cpu cooler fan brands. theo valich florian honegger vitaly krinitsin head growth smart contract expert community manager entrepreneur, years experience technology, from gpu supercomputer design. co-founder space image network, robotic systems and world. years experience enterprise document and data management architect automotive, defense and micromechanic sectors. dreams and bleeds technology, years experience community liaison and online marketeer building engaged audiences russia and abroad. white paper matt kimball tevon strand brown luis fernando varela programmer/designer blockchain engineer blockchain engineer years experience writing data intensive apps and websites, from real-time maze-solving ai's. stanford university b.s. computer science with focus ai, blockchain and financial technologies. developed data calculator app. stanford university b.s. computer science. software engineer with strong interest ai, blockchain and financial technologies. christiana kuo-chen alex yedomski chien programmer, eugene kyselov community management web-developer over years customer service experience high-tech, finance, events hotel management, international conferences and the educational field. years experience writing web and mobile applications. web-developer with strong interest front-end technologies. years experience design, development and maintenance web server-side projects, modules and solutions. passionate about blockchain and technologies. programmer, front-end developer white paper advisory board chris miess daniel saito michael egorov investment banking analyst executive co-founder rimnet, mysql k.k., redrobot co-founder and cto nucypher previously cfo tenx, raising their token sale. before finding his passion for blockchain chris was with goldman sachs, deutsche bank and morgan stanley. managing director for mysql asia. co-founder mariadb (formerly known skysql), daniel seasoned marketing and sales executive with decades big data experience and crypto. proxy re-encryption expert and cto/co-founder nucypher. the past, senior software engineer linkedin; phd physics ultracold atoms kpmg switzerland kpmg switzerland was retained legal counsel and helped with the legal structuring and documents well the coordination with regulatory authorities. white paper acknowledgements would like express our thanks and gratitude the numerous people, who have supported defining the datum network vision and strategy. contact love engage with our growing community, without whom can not achieve our vision liberate data and take back data ownership. talk through the following channels: visit our website https://datum.org email hello@datum.org facebook twitter telegram rocket chat white paper the datum token, legal and crowdsale general information order fund the development the datum ecosystem, token that will sold the public, exchange cryptocurrencies. the datum token coin, which will allow the user access the service provided the datum platform. user that intend purchase dat token are subject the acceptance the general terms conditions. the datum token does not have the legal qualification security, since does not give any rights dividends interests. the sale datum tokens final and non-refundable. datum tokens are not shares and not give any right participate the general meeting datum network gmbh. datum tokens cannot have performance particular value outside the datum platform. datum tokens shall therefore not used purchased for speculative investment purposes. dat tokens will not listed any regulated stock exchange. neither these whitepaper nor any other material relating the offer, datum network dat tokens will have been filed with regard legal standards such the federal act stock exchanges and securities trading law, the financial market infrastructure act, the collective investment schemes act, which are not applicable this token sale therefore laws and acts that ensure that investors are sold investments that include all the proper disclosures and are subject regulatory scrutiny for the investors' protection, are not applicable this case. every purchaser the dat token should receive proper advice order understand whether the purchase the token appropriate for him not. anyone purchasing datum tokens expressly acknowledges and represents that she/he has carefully reviewed this white paper and fully understands the risks, costs and benefits associated with the purchase datum. knowledge required white paper the purchaser datum tokens undertakes that she/he understands and has significant experience cryptocurrencies, blockchain systems and services, and that she/he fully understands the risks associated with the crowdsale well the mechanism related the use cryptocurrencies (incl. storage). datum shall not responsible for any loss datum tokens situations making impossible access datum tokens, which may result from any actions omissions the user any person undertaking acquire datum tokens, well case hacker attacks. risks acquiring datum tokens and storing them involves various risks, particular the risk that datum network gmbh may not able launch its operations and develop its blockchain and provide the services promised. therefore, and prior acquiring datum tokens, any user should carefully consider the risks, costs and benefits acquiring datum tokens the context the crowdsale and, necessary, obtain any independent advice this regard. any interested person who not the position accept understand the risks associated with the activity (incl. the risks related the non-development the datum platform) any other risks indicated the terms conditions the crowdsale should not acquire datum tokens. important disclaimer this white paper shall not and cannot considered invitation enter into investment. does not constitute relate any way nor should considered offering securities any jurisdiction. this white paper does not include contain any information indication that might considered recommendation that might used basis for any investment decision. datum tokens are just utility tokens which can used only the datum platform and are not intended used investment. the offering datum tokens trading platform done order allow the use the datum platform and not for speculative purposes. the offering datum white paper tokens trading platform does not change the legal qualification the tokens, which remain simple means for the use the datum platform and are not security. datum network gmbh not considered advisor any legal, tax financial matters. any information the white paper provided for general information purposes only and datum network gmbh does not provide any warranty the accuracy and completeness this information. datum network gmbh not financial intermediary according swiss law and not required obtain any authorization for anti money laundering purposes. acquiring datum tokens shall not grant any right influence over datum network gmbh's organization and governance the purchasers. regulatory authorities are carefully scrutinizing businesses and operations associated cryptocurrencies the world. that respect, regulatory measures, investigations actions may impact datum network gmbh's business and even limit prevent from developing its operations the future. any person undertaking acquire datum tokens must aware the datum network gmbh business model, the white paper terms conditions may change need modified because new regulatory and compliance requirements from any applicable laws any jurisdictions. such case, purchasers and anyone undertaking acquire datum tokens acknowledge and understand that neither datum network gmbh nor any its affiliates shall held liable for any direct indirect loss damage caused such changes. datum network gmbh will its utmost launch its operations and develop the datum platform. anyone undertaking acquire datum tokens acknowledges and understands that datum network gmbh does not provide any guarantee that will manage achieve it. they acknowledge and understand therefore that datum network gmbh (incl. its bodies and employees) assumes liability responsibility for any loss damage that would result from relate the incapacity use datum tokens, except case intentional misconduct gross negligence. white paper representation and warranties participating the crowdsale, the purchaser agrees the above and particular, they represent and warrant that they: have read carefully the terms conditions attached the white paper; agree their full contents and accept legally bound them; are authorized and have full power purchase datum tokens according the laws that apply their jurisdiction domicile; are not u.s. citizen, resident entity "u.s. person") nor are they purchasing dat signing behalf u.s. person; are not resident china south korea and nor are they purchasing dat signing behalf chinese south korea resident; live jurisdiction which allows datum network gmbh sell datum tokens through crowdsale without requiring any local authorization; are familiar with all related regulations the specific jurisdiction which they are based and that purchasing cryptographic tokens that jurisdiction not prohibited, restricted subject additional conditions any kind; will not use the crowdsale for any illegal activity, including but not limited money laundering and the financing terrorism; have sufficient knowledge about the nature the cryptographic tokens and have significant experience with, and functional understanding of, the usage and intricacies dealing with cryptographic tokens and currencies and blockchain-based systems and services; purchase datum tokens because they wish have access the datum platform; are not purchasing datum tokens for the purpose speculative investment usage. white paper governing law and arbitration the client acknowledges and accepts that the datum ico operation taking place within swiss legal environment that still under development. the parties agree seek amicable settlement prior bringing any legal action. all disputes arising with the with papers provided, shall resolved arbitration accordance with the swiss rules international arbitration the swiss chambers commerce force the date when the notice arbitration submitted accordance with these rules. the arbitration panel shall consist one arbitrator only. the seat the arbitration shall zug, switzerland. the arbitral proceedings shall conducted english.