blockchain empowered revolutionary digital advertising terminal decentralized ecosystem with user participation whitepaper notice nothing this whitepaper constitutes legal, financial, business tax advice and you should consult your own legal, financial, tax other professional adviser(s) before engaging any activity connection herewith. neither cosima foundation limited (the foundation), any the project team members who have worked datx (as defined herein) project develop datx any way whatsoever (the datx team), any distributor/vendor datx token (the distributor), nor any service provider shall liable for any kind direct indirect damage loss whatsoever which you may suffer connection with accessing this whitepaper, the website https://datx.co/ (the website) any other websites materials published the foundation. this whitepaper intended for general informational purposes only and does not constitute prospectus, offer document, offer securities, solicitation for investment, any offer sell any product, item asset (whether digital otherwise). the information herein below may not exhaustive and does not imply any elements contractual relationship. there assurance the accuracy completeness such information and representation, warranty undertaking purported provided the accuracy completeness such information. where this whitepaper includes information that has been obtained from third party sources, the foundation and/or the datx team have not independently verified the accuracy completion such information. further, you acknowledge that circumstances may change and that this whitepaper may become outdated result; and the foundation under obligation update correct this document connection therewith. this whitepaper does not constitute any offer the foundation, the distributor the datx team sell any datx token (as defined herein) nor shall any part nor the fact its presentation form the basis of, relied upon connection with, any contract investment decision. nothing contained this whitepaper may relied upon promise, representation undertaking the future performance datx. the agreement between the distributor and you, relation any sale and purchase datx token governed only the separate terms and conditions such agreement. whitepaper accessing this whitepaper any part thereof, you represent and warrant the foundation, its affiliates, and the datx team follows: any decision purchase any datx token, you have not relied any statement set out this whitepaper; you will and shall your own expense ensure compliance with all laws, regulatory requirements and restrictions applicable you (as the case may be); you acknowledge, understand and agree that datx token may have value, there guarantee representation value liquidity for datx token, and datx token not for speculative investment; none the foundation, its affiliates, and/or the datx team members shall responsible for liable for the value datx token, the transferability and/or liquidity datx token and/or the availability any market for datx token through third parties otherwise; and you acknowledge, understand and agree that you are not eligible purchase any datx token you are citizen, national, resident (tax otherwise), domiciliary and/or green card holder geographic area country (i) where likely that the sale datx token would construed the sale security (howsoever named) investment product and/or (ii) which access participation the datx token sale datx prohibited applicable law, decree, regulation, treaty, administrative act, and/or (including without limitation the united states america, canada, new zealand, people's republic china and the republic korea). the foundation, the distributor and the datx team not and not purport make, and hereby disclaims, all representations, warranties undertaking any entity person (including without limitation warranties the accuracy, completeness, timeliness reliability the contents this whitepaper any other materials published the foundation). the maximum extent permitted law, the foundation, the distributor, their related entities and service providers shall not liable for any indirect, special, incidental, consequential other losses any kind, tort, contract otherwise (including, without limitation, any liability arising from default negligence the part any them, any loss revenue, income profits, and loss use data) arising from the use this whitepaper any other materials published, its contents otherwise arising connection with the same. prospective purchasers datx token should carefully consider and evaluate all risks and uncertainties (including financial and legal risks and uncertainties) associated with the datx token sale, the foundation, the distributor and the datx team. all contributions will applied towards the foundation's objects, including without limitation whitepaper promoting the research, design and development of, and advocacy for blockchain-based favourable unified protocols and operating mechanism for revolutionary and innovative intelligent advertising ecosystem which integrates blockchain, artificial intelligence and big data techniques order involve advertisement audiences the value chain, ensure user data privacy and security, and maximize the economic benefits the whole advertising ecosystem. the information set out this whitepaper for community discussion only and not legally binding. the agreement for sale and purchase datx token and/or continued holding datx token shall governed separate set terms and conditions token purchase agreement (as the case may be) setting out the terms such purchase and/or continued holding datx token (the terms and conditions), which shall separately provided you made available the website. the event any inconsistencies between the terms and conditions and this whitepaper, the terms and conditions shall prevail. the distributor datx token shall affiliate the foundation. the contributions the token sale will held the distributor (or its affiliate) after the token sale, and contributors will have economic legal right over beneficial interest these contributions the assets that entity after the token sale. the extent secondary market exchange for trading datx token does develop, would run and operated wholly independently the foundation, the distributor, the sale datx token and datx. neither the foundation nor the distributor will create such secondary markets nor will either entity act exchange for datx token. this only conceptual whitepaper describing the future development goals for datx developed. this whitepaper may amended replaced from time time. there are obligations update this whitepaper provide recipients with access any information beyond what provided this whitepaper. all statements contained this whitepaper, statements made press releases any place accessible the public and oral statements that may made the foundation, the distributor and/or the datx team may constitute forward-looking statements (including statements regarding intent, belief current expectations with respect market conditions, business strategy and plans, financial condition, specific provisions and risk management practices). you are cautioned not place undue reliance these forward-looking statements given that these statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause the actual future results materially different from that described such forward-looking statements, and independent third party has reviewed the reasonableness any such statements assumptions. these forwardlooking statements are applicable only the date this whitepaper and the foundation and the whitepaper datx team expressly disclaims any responsibility (whether express implied) release any revisions these forward-looking statements reflect events after such date. the use any company and/or platform names trademarks herein (save for those which relate the foundation its affiliates) does not imply any affiliation with, endorsement by, any third party. references this whitepaper specific companies and platforms are for illustrative purposes only. this whitepaper may translated into language other than english and the event conflict ambiguity between the english language version and translated versions this whitepaper, the english language version shall prevail. you acknowledge that you have read and understood the english language version this whitepaper. part this whitepaper copied, reproduced, distributed disseminated any way without the prior written consent the foundation. whitepaper datx whitepaper (v.) prefix-- the revolution the digital advertising market october the first banner advertisements the world the world advertising was forever transformed, when wired magazine flipped the switch its first website, hotwired.com, with small kitschy rainbow graphic bearing the presumptive words-- "have you ever clicked your mouse right here? you will". the age banner advertisements had officially begun, starting revolution web content and advertising that still reverberates today. search engines, paid search and pay-per-click the number sites the web increased, search engines started appearing help people find information quickly. moreover, new business models were developed enable search engines finance their services, including pay-per-click programmes offered open text and then goto.com google also began offer advertisements search result pages through the google adwords programme. pay-per-click programmes proved primary moneymakers for search engines. social publisher and targeted advertising the success search engines relies matching the search query user with relevant advertisement, which would turn into successful advertisement click action. extended display advertising publisher sites, the content networks search engines semantically process the content page and retrieve advertisements that are relevant. whitepaper however, this complicated matching mechanism longer problem for social publishing platforms such facebook and twitter new growing force the internet. they know their users significantly better than search engines could understand, through collecting detailed user information. users willingly provide their personal information structured and detailed manner create complete social profiles and enable better social network exposure and growth. this lays the foundation for targeted advertising, where advertisers can use the information through social publisher advertising platforms better understand and target their audience. present: the boom native advertisements instead relying advertisements that disrupt the online experiences their target audiences, native advertising allows marketers create "in-feed" and inherently non-disruptive promotional content that supplements the online experience user, such promoted tweets twitter, suggested posts facebook and sponsored content buzzfeed mashable. content marketers are increasingly turning native advertising understood better building trust and engagement with prospective customers than traditional display advertisements. the future? datx blockchain empowered revolutionary digital advertising terminal whitepaper datx whitepaper blockchain empowered revolutionary digital advertising terminal. decentralized ecosystem with user participation. (v.) contents datx mission challenges and opportunities digital advertising data privacy and security data isolation advertising uniform, variety? missing users advertising value chain datx value market status datx win-win decentralized advertising ecosystem the roles datx ecosystem the end user advertisers publisher advertising platform objective different roles the ecosystem datx ecosystem ecosystem diagram product form customized native ads whitepaper native ads feed datx decentralized user behavior archive datx users behavior archive solution value information datx behavior archive inportance datx user behavior archive customized ads recommendation integrated approach datx token ecosystem incentive mechanisum token (datx) ecosystem incentive mechanism scenarios user incentive mechanism publisher incentive mechanism token consumption anti-fraud monitoring logic fraud anti-fraud based datx user behavior archive datx blockchain exploration datx user behavior archival storage design requirements principle storage node selection archive contracts archive redundancy data encryption summary product roadmap datx core team risks whitepaper datx mission challenges and opportunities digital advertising whitepaper datx mission challenges and opportunities digital advertising datx revolution the current advertising industry, aimed build brand-new intelligent advertising ecosystem, with decentralization its foundation and artificial intelligence its driving engine. according the forecast zenithoptimedia, since the global advertising market has steadily developed, with overall growth rate between and global advertising expenses would increase and till the end year, would increase billion. among them, the market share programmatic media buying and advertising would above the era mobile and big data has provided advantages for the development programmatic advertising. mobile devices connect with users more closely, which convenient for programmatic advertisements identify and locate users. meanwhile, abundant mobile-based marketing approaches combined with programmatic advertising, boosts the marketing value digital advertising both accuracy and innovative capabilities. programmatic media buying the purchase advertisement placement traffic through automatic procedures involving artificial intelligence (ai) and real-time bidding (rtb). when the targeted audience appears, the advertisements are delivered the right groups real time, with appropriate advertisement content, thus realizing precise marketing aimed individual consumers. this background programmatic marketing, the advertisers are longer restricted the few existing approaches delivering and planning advertisements-- they have much greater level flexibility. however, alongside this advantage, programmatic marketing would also bring about "the walled garden" phenomenon which everyone plays his/ her own game, thus posing larger challenge advertisers, media channels and platforms their abilities planning, coordination, optimization and data protection. data privacy and security the big data era advertising, once advertisers media initiate their marketing campaigns, they would collect user behavioural and private data from diversity channels. all data generated users would stored data platforms built each these advertisers and media but none the proprietary tenured rights will belong users all. matter what campaigns are carried whitepaper out, users have idea about how their data being utilized and further monetised. however, arguably, the data proprietorship users should their own. regarding this matter, should optional for users choose individualized advertising services given their interests and preferences, hide their own data, provide part their data that was authorized advertisers media. besides, due enormous amounts private data users stored, the enterprises and institutions having the data are exposed risks user information leaking caused existing security vulnerabilities. this issue not only imperils the business health, branding and reputation the companies with the data; may also cause them bear severe legal consequences. data isolation data essential for precision advertising. this technical innovation utterly altered the traditional methods using data advertising. nowadays, advertising platforms have improve their products and services through data machine learning effects. for instance, youtube can track the click behaviour each user, amend and complete the algorithm according the acquired data, thus attracting more users. based big data personas, companies can also provide customized products; setting individual prices adjusted consumer affordability and price-sensitivity. moreover, companies can reuse the data and develop new business opportunities. simultaneously, each data aggregating medium and advertising platform will build its own respective advertisement exchange market and delivery system, alongside major public advertisement exchange markets, forming the situation fragmented world and data isolation. data isolation exists among all systems that require data for sharing and exchange. according the application big data techniques, different advertising platforms and media can neither share jointly manage data information, nor communicate production data. when data comes apart, there data isolation; this brings difficulties such information redundancy, spam and inability ensure consistency information exchanged. media and advertising platforms utilize user information their own data centres and provide advertisers with "audience targeting" services, whereas the advertisers would process the user data deliver retargeted advertising. this case, the collected user data that stored various servers each advertiser and medium disconnected manner, forms data isolation, leading failure accurately portraying user personas and resulting extremely low efficiency whitepaper advertising delivery. advertising uniform, variety? advertisements traditional media such television and newspaper are always uniform, barely taking advertising audience into consideration. all audiences view the same advertisement and are not entitled choose. though the online media has started push advertising that users may have interests in, the users can still only passively accept. even the advertisement content unappealing, the users are left with nowhere express their opinions and would have awful experiences. for advertisers, massive advertising content cannot reach targeted audiences, thus not precisely delivered. these advertisements, which cost advertisers plenty marketing expenses, actually perform poorly return investment (roi). now, advertising has come era personalised recommendations. should generate user personas according their various preferences, provide varied customized push content; help advertisers effectively increase click-through rate (ctr), conversion and user viscosity, consequently improving the operating performance clients tremendously. missing users advertising value chain the advertising value chain, advertisers deliver advertisements through media and acquire customers, while media would make profits from the advertisers with their user traffic. the anomaly here that although advertisement audiences are significant part the value chain the advertising industry, they cannot participate the advertising value chain obtain any share advertisement revenue. addition, the advertisement content not appealing all, the audiences will blame the pushed advertisements for occupying them from viewing other content and develop negative attitudes towards these advertisements. only involving advertisement audiences the value chain entirely, well ensuring user data privacy and security, can one maximize the economic benefits the whole advertising ecosystem and develop the advertising ecosystem benign direction. datx dedicated developing blockchain-based favourable unified protocols and operating mechanisms for the entire advertising ecosystem, forming effective, secure, whitepaper benign and benefit-maximized advertising ecosystem. datx committed integration blockchain techniques combining artificial intelligence and big data techniques, build revolutionary and innovative intelligent advertising ecosystem. whitepaper datx value whitepaper datx value aristotle defined justice the following, "if any action well performed, performed accordance with the appropriate principle; this the case, human good turns out activity the soul accordance with virtue". his opinion, the disciplines derived from justice can accounted for the judgement right and wrong; justice exactly the foundation forming social orders. under the guarantee "irreversibility", "justice", "transparency" and "auditability", datx ecosystem intended transmit impeccable "truth information". the foundation acknowledges that the "true" the "good". through this pattern value transmission formed machine trust, datx aims definitely bring brand-new "good" and "wise" interaction between one and another. media, advertising platforms and advertisers make data collection transparent users; users are willing share their data. becomes easier create positive incentives between individuals and human culture will certainly develop further level towards harmony and goodness. datx strives build just, transparent and open advertising ecosystem; will bring innovation the following: complementary advantages and blockchain precision advertising and high roi decentralized trustworthy system with lowered operating costs openness and scalability stronger reliability, anonymity, independence and compliance optimized incentive mechanism fairer benefit distribution, higher intra-system matching efficiency connection between digital world and real world whitepaper market status whitepaper market status since may number initial coin offering (ico) projects have been implemented incise the advertising industry. the founder javascript initiated the bat project. the project primarily built brave-- fast, open and privacy-oriented browser able screen third-party advertisements and tracking. also constructed record system able award users and advertising publishers according the attention measurement users; which merely acts against web advertising systems and restricted audiences the brave browser, therefore the user base limited. adex another blockchain-based advertisement exchange platform, aimed renovating current advertising patterns and resolving important matters such advertising fraud, the privacy issue and malicious sponsorship advertising exposure. advertisers can bid for advertising assets like impressions, clicks and conversions; they can set the adx token prices for the assets. once publisher accepts bid, the token used for that transaction will frozen until the publisher certifies that the goal has been achieved. when this proven, the token will transferred the account the publisher. core characteristic adex adex profile. this customized page designed help each the end users understand and control the advertisements delivered them. for advertisers, allowing users have more control rights would more beneficial, the users are actual fact, proactively informing the advertisers the consumption preferences, behaviours, habits and will, etc. the former. this means that adex profile can help advertisers realize advertisement targeting "surgical precision", acquire higher advertising roi. the problem with the project that too costly for the platform and too difficult support massive advertisement impressions, hence the expandability the project turns out great trouble. similar adex, other advertisement exchange platforms such adchain and adshares are also confronted with same issue, besides, these most recent developments are still vastly restricted the overly small participation user bases the platforms. nutshell, all the above solutions may have set the wrong starting points, hence addition the trivial user bases, would tremendously difficult break into the advertising industry. whitepaper datx multi-win decentralized advertising ecosystem whitepaper datx win-win decentralized advertising ecosystem the mission datx build win-win revolutionary decentralized advertising ecosystem, that all users can actively participate the ecosystem built. users can know that their actions will help the advertising platforms better deliver suitable advertisements and they can also get the corresponding incentives under the mechanism this ecosystem. similarly, the advertising platforms this ecosystem can better utilize the data improve their user targeting algorithms and deliver advertisements that are more acceptable users. advertisers can spend less target users more accurately and avoid some ineffective advertisement deliveries. publishers can reduce the inconvenience and discomfort caused users providing higher quality advertising. the same time, publishers are willing provide better traffic and advertisement placements due the corresponding incentive mechanism. furthermore, datx blockchain technology can solve the transparency issue profit distribution the advertising industry. based the decentralization protocol, transparent and multistakeholder advertising ecosystem built through blockchain technology and distributed storage. the incentive mechanism encourages users participate, thus promoting spontaneous interactions among users, publishers and advertisers the ecosystem. finally, the feature blockchain decentralization and data transparency used balance advertising user experience and commercialization, thus forming reliable data flow closed-loop. all data snapshots can kept the blockchain that the data can never tampered with; users will also able view data based their corresponding permission levels. the datx protocol involves all participants the ecosystem, and introduces more convenient payment system (datx token can distributed quickly via smart contracts, which can used purchase services the advertising ecosystem). developers can integrate datx software development kit (sdk), which will not only enable them generate digital advertising revenue but also receive datx tokens incentives from the ecosystem based the capability each developer generate quality traffic and user acquisition. the foundation aims incentivize advertisers use datx tokens when placing whitepaper advertisements its advertising platforms and will offer extra incentives the early stage the ecosystem development. the foundation expects that this incentive mechanism will bring positive loop traffic growth (because developers can gain extra benefits the ecosystem), with more and more developers joining the ecosystem; the increased traffic volume can attract more advertisers place their advertisements here and empower the platform achieve more accurate recommendation algorithm. the law metcalfe points out that the value telecommunication network proportional the square online user number the system (n). the more participants the network, the greater the value the platform will be. the roles datx ecosystem the datx ecosystem composed four important roles. the end user the end user the audience that views the advertisement. the datx ecosystem, users longer passively receive advertisements but will more involved the process optimize the advertising service through feedback mechanisms, such clicking "like" "not interested"; other key measures such viewing time, click through actions and conversion etc. long their behaviour and interactions contribute the construction the whole ecosystem, they should incentivised with datx tokens. addition, the advertising sdk will integrated into various d-apps. datx intends design proper and effective user acquisition system balance user growth and advertising effectiveness. potential datx users will identified, acquired and required fill out their profile information enable datx identify them the system and provide better targeting advertisement. active users also need provide timely feedback the advertisements content from the datx advertising platform: including likes and dislikes, etc. acquisition active users can achieved through, but not limited to: the datx' advertising platform promote through d-app developers. users and d-apps will both receive incentives for their whitepaper contribution the ecosystem datx native advertising advertisers advertisers purchase datx tokens advertising budgets, create different advertising requests and raise the advertising rankings bidding get more attention from users. advertisers deliver the matching advertisements the target users through their personalized recommendation algorithms and the feedback the users each advertisement will affect the ordering the advertisement. ultimately, the advertisement ranks among the users who are interested it; ranked low among even hidden from the users who are not interested it, that the advertising budget can spent effectively and the roi enhanced. advertisers would get more detailed user data and more efficient access the real users they want, after placing ads the datx platform. addition, the cost per thousand (cpm) advertisements the datx platform are billed based their effectiveness, excluding advertisement interactions from users who are not interested the advertisement, which can reasonably save advertising budget. publisher publishers integrate datx sdk participate the whole ecosystem. publishers will automatically get wallet receive payment and incentives the ecosystem (datx token), which will enhance the loyalty the publishers. users can even incentivise publishers for providing quality content and the publishers can gain additional incentives providing better targeted advertisement services. advertising platform the datx advertising platform used manage advertisement delivery and advertising data. advertisement delivery based user data. the premise that the user agrees, blockchain records the real user data profile encrypted matter, that better utilizes big data continuously optimize the advertisement targeting algorithm. the advertisers advertising agencies integrated the ecosystem through datx protocol, can have access the database the datx ecosystem, that their advertisements can more accurately targeted users. digital advertising platform typical multi-sided marketplace. the main players include advertisers, publisher, advertising platforms and internet users. whitepaper dsp system and online advertising platform. helps advertisers deliver advertisements mobile. dsp provides advertisers with one unified access interface manage multiple exchange accounts. united launch platform and integrated multi-source traffic provides intuitive, handy and comprehensive operating platform for advertisers, that they can easily manage multiple advertisements through multiple media united platform. can simplify the process media buying and able integrate and manage different media traffic sources, avoiding the waste resources traditional and complicated media buying. audience purchase-oriented except for subverting the traditional media buying mode, datx has also upended the traditional advertising logic and clearly defined the purchase mode with audience orientation. advertisers are not buying the media but leveraging users underlying the media. the advertising platform extracts user features through big data analyses for advertisement delivery; the typical features include interest (e.g. auto website/ app, english articles, certain brand) and behaviour (advertising engagements, even recent clicks current advertisers' own advertisements). the feature tags will increasingly abundant when develops with advertising demand and data mining. advertisers can even explore their own interests user behaviour the open, anonymous blockchain distributed databases; precisely deliver advertisements their interest groups users, hence achieving extraordinary advertising performance. these groups users are more likely interested the advertisements (even not, this will reflected their engagements with the advertisements). real-time optimization algorithm based advertising all about objectives satisfying the advertising target advertiser with optimization algorithm the basic guarantee service quality. through the optimization machine learning algorithm, the system will help advertisers automatically determine the target audiences (maybe excavate potential users that advertisers are unaware of) and optimal bidding strategies (getting quality users lowest costs). comprehensive and consolidated data reports whitepaper just the aforementioned challenges that the advertising market has, advertisers cannot fully control all advertisements avoid repetitive advertising distribution. this requires unified operating platform and requires dsp provide advertisers with timely and comprehensive data reports, including information cost, frequency, effectiveness, order status and on. objective different roles the ecosystem the advertising platform connects the upstream "advertiser" and the downstream "publisher". advertisers care about whether they can locate their desired customers and get them minimized cost. publishers care about: maximized effective cost per thousand (ecpm) from the same traffic. resistance end users caused the appeared advertisements. end users are concerned about being disturbed unappealing advertisements. since the viewing advertisements end users will provide valuable data the ecosystem, they will incentivised properly. advertising platforms then hope connect with many advertisers possible enrich their inventory, and meanwhile, they can connect with more publishers and get high quality traffic. the quality traffic determined the features application, the user group, the location advertisement; the display priority and rankings the advertisement. whitepaper the foundation firmly believes that the efforts datx will build better advertising ecosystem, that the effectiveness advertising and user experience will improved greatly. the same time, users tend active users datx because they can incentivized the ecosystem. whitepaper datx ecosystem whitepaper datx ecosystem ecosystem diagram the diagram shown the following: the datx ecosystem consists behaviour information storage system, incentive mechanism, token exchange, advertising platform, recommendation system and anti-fraud system etc. incentive system: according interactions between users and advertisements/channels, the system regularly settles token accounts users and channels. behaviour information storage system: user behaviour profile analysis data will encrypted and kept blockchain. application platform: including applications that are connected the blockchain datx via sdk, including web/ app. advertising platform: the platform, advertisers can provide advertisement serving suggestions and check delivery performance, while publishers can acquire advertising sdks and ids and check the advertising performance. advertisement delivery analysis recorded the blockchain: with decentralized mechanism ensuring fairness and transparency, both advertising resources and whitepaper channel resources can fully reflected bring higher value. big data feedback system: this system will conduct user behaviour information collection and big data analysis. recommendation system: the system empowered algorithm engine provide its users precise and personalized advertising recommendations. anti-fraud system: open advertising system, criminals may have the motivation making profit via illegal ways. the anti-fraud system has involved ensure that the entire ecosystem develops correct direction. product form generally, advertisements not appear high frequency, while media usually integrate multiple advertising channels maximize their roi. user typically would not see advertisements from specific medium very frequently; even when he/ she sees them, he/ she mostly does not interact with them (an advertisement placement with quite high average ctr usually considered cheating). nearly impossible motivate the low behaviour specific user given its low frequency. solve this dilemma, datx introduces the following innovations: customized native ads the design native advertisements may customised that users can better interact with datx advertisements and obtain datx token incentives. native advertisements are advertisement type presented specific media more relevant way based the material from advertisers. the goal include some elements the form native advertisements based datx ecosystem and let users better understand that advertisement from the datx ecosystem, that they can engage more proactively. the following aspects should considered: should easy for users identify the advertisements from datx, that they are more willing provide real data get datx token incentives. whitepaper the advertisements can linked users via device (users may see datx advertisements number applications within day, there the need let these users "login" very effortless way.) users can choose link their device ids their own unique identifications (uid). users have more than one device some users switch new cell phones, they can better synchronize the data. users can interact with the advertisements the following scenarios (e.g. click logo native advertisements): view user profiles, and make changes view user ratings comment the advertisement material they see check advertisement engaging behaviours (e.g. clicks, downloads, likes and dislikes) and make modifications, such mark some "false click", "not person", "wish hide" and on. these data will stored decentralized centralized file system; analysis will encrypted blockchain and applicable for other advertisers the datx ecosystem. native advertisements feed advertising content. through combining advertisements with different types content feed, applications will keep users for longer. information traffics native advertisements basically lead new forms advertising switch from single advertising format content feed. this way, the foundation can set advertisements feed when users immerse themselves longer the platform. many applications not actually have the capabilities run content and new advertising style that incorporates feed will help them better improve user loyalty. users exploit more content they find the content interesting and contribute more behavioural data gain better incentives. course, not all applications fit such forms advertising. native advertisements feed provides personalized recommendations based user feedback, including both content and advertising. there are various navigation categories, such news, video, food ordering, clothing and cosmetics, etc. users can switch their individual content feeds from the chosen categories interest. each the chosen categories, users can browse news videos, order takeout purchase desired advertisements. the system will give personalized recommendation based user feedback, and users can also comment given content and whitepaper advertisements. the following diagram shows sketch the style, which can just feed without subcategories. datx decentralized user behavior archive number blockchain projects store user data centralized data units and then analyse their data with some other techniques. however, this method data storage still performed centralized data centre. the ownership and usability data are not completely attributed the users, which deviates from the decentralized idea the blockchain. datx user behavior archive solution based blockchain technology, account system (datx user behaviour archive) will constructed and combined with cryptographic information encryption technology. these accounts include personal data centres and data sets. personal data centre includes user data their own dimension, such the sequential behaviour data, preference data, virtual image and user; under the premise that users would authorize the use their own data, they can aggregate the sequential data fragments scattered each application the blockchain. the data sets formed these data fragments makes key data source for intelligent analysis. normally, when users, media advertisers access datx advertising ecosystem, the system creates user profile for each them-- the datx account, the only and unique identity. whitepaper the datx account contains the behaviour information account and the proprietorship the information recorded the blockchain; exclusive archive generated for the account, i.e. behaviour archive for that datx user. after registration advertisers and publishers datx advertising open platform, their datx accounts are generated. for users, firstly the system weakly links user and its device intention shown register; automatically generate weak datx account for the user with the device id. the unique the device id. then, the system needs proper way let the user consent ideas from datx and able quickly recognize datx advertising. subsequently, with simple view its own data such registration information, strong datx account generated. this point, the information the device which registration occurred the weak datx account migrated its strong the weak datx account and the user incentivised. the system records all the behaviour information the user the datx user behaviour archive based blockchain technology. and most importantly, these behavioural messages are organized orderly way the blockchain and are longer mess. the datx blockchain, the block data structure that records transaction and user behaviour information. each block composed block header and block body the block body only responsible for recording all transaction information and the previous behaviour information the user, while most the functions the blockchain are realized the block header. whitepaper version number: indicating the relevant version information the software and protocol; the parent block hash: referred the hash the parent block the blockchain. through this value, each block connected form the blockchain and plays crucial role securing the blockchain; merkle root: every transaction has hash associated with it. block, all the transaction hashes the block are themselves hashed (sometimes several times the exact process complex) and the result the merkle root; timestamp: records the time produced the block, second accuracy; difficulty value: the difficulty target the block related math problems; nonce: records the value the answers the relevant math problems the block. when user owns archive, some its publisher activities (such "like", "not interested in" and "stay", etc.) will recorded the blockchain. the timings these actions are accurate the second. the user has full ownership the data and third-parties need authorized the user use the data. authorized data will also placed under good privacy protection. therefore, datx decentralized user behaviour archive, ensures complete data ownership for users, protects user rights; would also able establish complete user archive for the business intelligence (bi) analyses advertisers and media. whitepaper the user account displays the datx token balance and transaction details the user; users can browse their own behaviour information and have security permission settings set their own behaviour information usability. with regards these accounts, needs emphasized that: the data completely belongs the user. data stored and encrypted decentralized resources, therefore, any organization individual cannot access the raw data the user. the data with the consent the user open but with restrictions. after the user agrees authorize its usage, the partial data the user can researched the big data under the differential privacy encryption the cryptography; the personal data cannot analysed and the data cannot viewed, copied and tampered with. users will incentivised with datx tokens when they agree allow limited access their behaviour information. this incentivizes users participate the advertising ecosystem. the user agrees share more personal information for customized delivery the platform, more datx token will rewarded. value information datx behaviour archive information entropy the measurement the amount information needed eliminate uncertainty, which the amount information that unknown event may contain. however, too much entropy information not good thing and represents the disorder entire system, which disordered that one cannot get valuable information out it. for example, for advertisement, one does not know what kind behaviour the users will generate and the behaviour the users very uncertain. with increased uncertainty, there greater information, hence greater entropy. the value information depends the decrease information uncertainty degree, according the basic point information entropy theory. user behaviour per chaotic but user information the blockchain can help datx reduce the uncertainty and the information entropy; also enables the algorithm estimate the personal preference users after datx records the feedback users onto the blockchain. the degree uncertainty reduction (information gain) each feedback behaviour the users represents the value each feedback behaviour the users. whitepaper after entering the user information onto the blockchain, the value user information expressed follows: gain(s,bc)=entropy(s)-entropy(s/bc) course, according the user information gained from the users, datx should endow users corresponding incentives. after the smart account user built based blockchain technology, under the premise that the user agrees authorize usage, data fragments scattered each application the blockchain are aggregated, including the dimensions the personal data the user, such advertising behaviour data, other app application data, relational data, preferences and virtual image, etc. data set collection the amount certain sort data, which the most critical data source personalized analysis. analysis, complete persona profile the user built aggregating the data fragments scattered each application blockchain achieve the real personalized advertising recommendation. the user information the blockchain can very valuable; expected that such incentive mechanism generate positive cycle traffic. more and more users, publishers and developers join, the traffic increase will attract more advertisers their advertisement delivery and will also benefit the platform achieve more accurate recommendation algorithm. the more participants the network, the greater the value the platform will be, which will directly reflect the long-term appreciation datx token the platform. the user account system based the blockchain (datx account system) corresponds the whitepaper behaviour the users the real world, which the key the application the blockchain the real application. verifying the assets the account owner's digital world real individuals', datx connects them the real social services website create richer ecosystem. our block chain's account system (the datx account system) records users' behaviour information. and most importantly, these behavioural messages are organized orderly way the blockchain, and are longer disorganized. many blockchain projects use completely centralized data structures perform user data storage, and then analyse the data with other techniques. but this kind information storage still carried out centralized data centre, which runs counter the decentralized idea blockchain. importance datx user behavior archive the importance advertisers and the publisher usually, publishers and advertisers access user data from different sources through their own technology, then set data centre store and analyse user data, then implement marketing activities. for example, the publisher capitalize user data its own data centre provide advertisers with "crowd-targeted" service, and advertisers use their user data "redirect" their ads. this case, the data collected each advertiser and the publisher stored the respective servers, forming data isolation, thus unable form comprehensive and accurate user portrait, and the personalized advertisement delivery efficiency relatively low. when datx records the user behavioural data the blockchain, will different story. the whitepaper blockchain, every step the user behaviour ordered and visible. any platform that joins datx will have access these data better target users and provide better advertisement experience; similarly, any advertiser who advertises via datx will also have better chance knowing their real ads performance, and reach more accurate users. when the user looked which ads what platform, what was the advertisement content, how long did the user view the ad, when did the user click the ad, did she download, subscribe, purchase the product. all the user's actions constitute complete chain events, and this the user's behaviour chain. with thousands such event chains different websites different apps, datx can learn more accurate user interests. with this chain events, you can continuously observe user behaviour. the complete chain user behaviour records the blockchain allows simulate complete user personas order know the business truth behind the various user views, clicks and purchases the publisher. for example, advertisers whose objective being conversion will try not lose users, and retain them once they come online. datx decentralized user behaviour files can help analyse how users are lost, why they left, and where they are switching. whitepaper datx decentralized user profile records complete user behaviour data. the advertiser demands, user data can specified sheets hour, day, user level, event level. through this sheet you can know the basic user events, such login purchase, you can know users quality, which users are about leave. and such data can updated daily hourly. advertisers publisher would integrate and analyse relevant data, from which they can reveal patterns online visits and advertising. then combine with digital marketing strategies identify problems with current online campaigns, and provide basis for optimizing re-planning their online marketing strategy. the importance the user users' perspective and the era centralization, all user generated data centrally stored each application and platform, and the ownership and use rights the data are not completely attributable the user. whatever campaigns the advertisers and the publisher carry out, the users are completely unaware that their own data used for benefit exchanges. rule thumb, ownership user data should belong users, and users can choose provide their own preferences for personalized advertising services, hide their own data choose provide only partial data. blockchain-based user account system (datx account system), will correspond the user's behaviour the digital world and physical behaviour, this the key blockchain can land the real application. through behaviour profiles the account owners the digital world, the users' real personas are portrayed, then linked the physical social services site, achieve more precisely customized advertisement services, create richer advertising ecosystem. customized ads recommendation the core data needed the recommendation system user feedback. the recommendation system without user feedback disabled recommendation system. there feedback: there continuous optimization the annotation data; there real data evaluate the effect; word, there feedback data, data loop, and the product metabolism will big whitepaper problem. the user behaviour information recorded the blockchain makes the datx feedback mechanism more complete. feedback mechanism incentivises users generate feedback, click 'likes dislikes' show feedback, because users know they are expressing their attitudes and give clear-cut attitude more quantitative way. the other feedback the natural behaviour left the user when using the product. the user leaves behind the data, not tell his preferences, but datx can "try figure out" the user's preferences. because these are all users natural behaviour, usually more truly and fully reflect its attitude, but also closer product targets. our advertisement algorithm engine involves responding massive amounts ads and users real time. the number users huge, their behavioural characteristics, and their preference for advertising content are also rich and diverse. therefore, necessary for the algorithm engine sort out the users with different characteristics targeted manner, and this way, the order-led transaction can promoted. among the company's proven technologies, deep neural network (dnn) and logistic regression (lr) have been used make offline sorting models, while online sorting models are updated online based reinforcement learning (rl) intelligence that datx may obtain returns which tend towards maximum values. the blockchain, the user's behaviour recorded follows: whitepaper this very similar the markov chain. take the ranking engine agent, the user the environment, then the advertising ranking problem can considered sequential decision problem. agent's selection each ranking strategy can regarded trial-and-error, which can user feedback, click transaction, etc. reward from the environment. this repeated trial and error process, agent will gradually learn the optimal ranking strategy maximize the cumulative reward. natural understand the recommendation full-link multi-scenario continuous decision problem: agent, the recommendation system needs continually decide what recommend the user. reinforcement learning one the best ways model the agent: recursively modelling changes the short-term state agent, they ultimately lead them progressively optimize their long-term goals. let vp(s) denote the value function the states (the state the ring above) the advertisement ranking strategy the instant reward ith step, then the value function is: vp(s)=ep[i=giri|s=s] where g[,] called the fold factor, indicating the importance future rewards relative the current rewards. particular, when g=, equivalent considering only long-term returns without considering impublishertely. when g=, long-term rewards and instant rewards are seen equally important. finally, the optimal strategy for advertising ranking system can expressed as: p*=argp vp(s) ,(s) whitepaper that is, one looking for strategy that maximizes the value function under any initial conditions. integrated approach sdk:for app developers. js:for websites. whitepaper token and ecosystem incentive mechanism whitepaper token and ecosystem incentive mechanism token (datx token) the native digital cryptographically-secured token datx (datx token) major component the ecosystem datx, and designed used solely the platform. the digital assets the system, datx token non-refundable functional utility token which will used the unit exchange between participants datx. the goal introducing datx token provide convenient and secure mode payment and settlement between participants who interact within the ecosystem datx (e.g. end users, advertisers and publishers). datx token does not any way represent any shareholding, participation, right, title, interest the foundation, its affiliates, any other company, enterprise undertaking, nor will datx token entitle token holders any promise fees, revenue, profits investment returns, and are not intended constitute securities singapore any relevant jurisdiction. datx token may only utilised datx, and ownership datx token carries rights, express implied, other than the right use datx token means enable usage and interaction with datx. particular, you understand and accept that datx token: (a) non-refundable and cannot exchanged for cash (or its equivalent value any other virtual currency) any payment obligation the foundation any affiliate; (b) does not represent confer the token holder any right any form with respect the foundation (or any its affiliates) its revenues assets, including without limitation any right receive future revenue, shares, ownership right stake, share security, any voting, distribution, redemption, liquidation, proprietary (including all forms intellectual property), other financial legal rights equivalent rights, intellectual property rights any other form participation relating datx, the foundation, the distributor and/or their service providers; (c) not intended representation money (including electronic money), security, commodity, bond, debt instrument any other kind financial instrument investment; (d) not loan the foundation any its affiliates, not intended represent debt owed the foundation any its affiliates, and there expectation profit; and whitepaper (e) does not provide the token holder with any ownership other interest the foundation any its affiliates. smart contract system scenarios send the datx token incentives according the contribution publisher. distribution incentives based user behaviour (since incentives for advertisement interaction are limited, too expensive implement smart contracts for each user behaviour). use the smart contract lucky draw base the contribution active users. platform rewards will distributed maintain and develop the ecosystem. each participant the ecosystem will rewarded with datx tokens based their activity and contribution the system. attract new publishers and users, the token distribution will higher the early stage. the number participants increases and the amount available tokens becomes less and less (for example halving per year), the token distribution decreases the later stage. the rules for users obtain tokens are: the early stage token issuance, the user clearly gives feedback and obtain datx tokens according the conversion formula, with upper limit daily token income. token rewards are halved over time encourage early adopters. user incentive mechanism user feedback can help reduce entropy and let know what users like. therefore, the degree uncertainty reduction (information gain) each user feedback represents the value this feedback. therefore, according the user's information gain, datx should give users corresponding incentives datx tokens. given that scoreuserk represents the final score user the scoremin and the scoremax points, i.e., scoreuserk[,]. this score equivalent the substitution tokens. the calculation fractions follows: scoreuserk=i=nj=mwiwijscoremax assuming that the user has feedbacks the advertisement, represents the weight coefficient the i-th feedback, i=, ...., the weight coefficient calculated information gain gbdt algorithm, however, order make the calculation simple; the coefficient can whitepaper determined experts. the user will generate behaviours for the advertisement because his special preference the i-th feedback the advertisement, which indicates the user's participation the advertisement. using wij indicate the weight this engagement,j=,,,....,m. the pseudo-code the calculation method follows: very important motivate users generate feedback behaviour, but the importance user feedback behaviours varies. shown below, the classification and weight coefficient feedback behaviours are listed the following table. user weight feedback coefficient component content behaviour user weight coefficient like not interested user evaluation effective label advertising interaction user interaction extraction (natural language evaluation processing) user time residence time whitepaper user advertising clicks download purchase subscription ... ... ... ... wnj conversion behaviour ... others user advertising interaction users engage with content and ads, express their preferences through "likes" "not interested", and help the system achieve personalization. here, whether users click "like" "not interested" can help locate users' interests, "like" "not interested" have the same weight. user interaction evaluation users' engagements with content and ads further express their interest this kind native ads. the user did not comment the native advertisement content, the score the user evaluates the ad, then the word label the rating content extracted with the natural language processing algorithm, and the user graded according the quantity valid words. the calculation formula shown below. wj=min(w,wxlg(n+)) the weight user interaction evaluation the total score users, and the effective label number for users. user residence time the length time the user stays the content provided indicates the quality the content and whether can meet their needs well. whitepaper generally speaking, when user stays page for long time, indicates that the content the page high quality and able satiate the user. datx able get the user's preference information since the user interested this content. this case, datx should give the user appropriate incentives. when the user has short stay the page, indicates that the content this page has low quality, and has features, which can't satisfy and attract users. this case, datx can also give users appropriate incentives extend the user's reading time. user conversion behaviour when users click, download, buy and subscribe ads, they can more accurately indicate that users are interested such advertisements. therefore, the corresponding reward should given the user, and the specific reward method should changed according the charging methods cpm, cpc and cpa. other behaviours publisher incentive mechanism the publisher can get rewards from datx after accessing the sdk supported datx protocol. traffic needs rated with specific quality. similarly, the publisher helps the datx ecosystem get high quality active users (active users refer the users who have completed the registration), the corresponding datx token incentive will also obtained. the specific traffic quality can considered according the following dimensions: user residence time, user interaction with advertisement, etc. for example, for certain channel there are lots ads slots channel assuming that the advertising platform puts advertisers some the ads slots channel rewarding the channel closely related the user quality. datx may make statistics the advertising space advertised the channel for each based each user's session duration, the user's engagement with the ad, the quality advertisement placement calculated; whitepaper summarize the quality each advertisement placement and calculate the total score the ad. count all placements scores channel reward channel according its total scores. the pseudocode follows: token consumption the advertiser can purchase the traffic holding the datx token and meanwhile refer pos. advertisers may obtain discounts their advertising requirements, holding enough datx token for long enough time. the previous publisher could use the datx token that was previously incentivized the platform continue buy and sell ads the datx advertising system (the publisher becomes the advertiser's role this time) gain more users. the system will distribute small amount incentives individual users fairly and periodically, similar lottery draws. the distribution journey follows: whitepaper summarize the flowchart: read the user's wallet data the blockchain weekly; summarize the scores all active users the week (those who have viewed the ads and generated feedbacks during the week), and convert them into datx tokens and generate the prize pool. for the avoidance doubt, datx token users which did not participate datx will not entitled participate; the score each user calculated separately, and the probability winning generated correspondingly based the total score the prize pool; users with high scores are more likely win, but users with lower scores still have chance, motivate these users become active part the ecosystem. the winning algorithm conceived follows: premise: this winning algorithm not completely random algorithm, and the probability winning tied the user's score. model: probability model. specific ideas: initialize the probability winning, assuming the total score this week's pool datx token, and the probability initializing each user adjust probability according user score: during the lottery, scoremax and scoremin are available active users this week. then the probability each user adjusted to: pi=scoreiscoremax-scoremin% this way, users who are more active have greater chance win, and also ensure that users who are less active still have chance win, thus encouraging them become more active. clear, assume that the user scored points, with total score then his winning rate it's not the same taking times win once. this obviously wrong, the winning lottery number probability model based the normal distribution, and each draw independent, you won't win the tenth time because you didn't win the prize nine times before. according the simulation statistics, the standard deviation the winning rate most people will win the lottery times, and should rewarded after times lucky draw. assign datx tokens the winners and record them the blockchain. anti-fraud monitoring whitepaper undeniable that some fraud actions might done which harms the positive development the whole ecosystem. traffic fraud driven market interest, the main problem that the previous monitoring was all collected http services large scale advertising (especially rtb). information collected includes: ip, browser information, device information, time, website information, etc. the industry conducts fraud monitoring, which basically the post facto log analysis find out abnormal data and blacklist overheated websites. logic fraud fraud session terms the whole advertising process, frauds exist three stages: impression, click and conversion (including but not limited registration, activation, interaction, purchase, etc.) the session impression: fraud behaviours specialized for impression session the mostly simple and crude way, and also most efficient fraud behaviours, which usually happened the publisher cpm settlement. the session click: commonly happened the publisher with cpc settlement. advertisers increasingly value ctr, some non-cpc settlement publisher will also fraud clicks improve ctr. the session conversion: order reduce risks, advertisers directly negotiate with the publisher about cpa and even cps settlement. but the rate evolution fraud has exceeded the speed the advertiser's response. approaches fraud most cases, the demand side focuses non-human traffic, but fraud much more than that. here are few common ways fraud: fake users: typically, robots are used transform ip, cookie, and even device disguise different "users" swipe ads click ads. false traffic real users: this kind fraud the advanced version robot fraud. takes advantage the real user device, which makes the user attribute characteristics the fraud traffic closer the real traffic. true user traffic: this kind fraud more advanced than the former two. some cases, whitepaper typically sailing under false colours. other cases, the traffic gets hijacked via http dns which not exactly traffic, and may more accurate named "illegal traffic". anti-fraud based datx user behavior archive the datx user behaviour archive builds the user's exclusive, secure information security account. these accounts include personal data centre and data set. the personal data centre includes user's own dimension data, such the user's ordered behaviour data, preference data, virtual image and on. order prevent the phenomenon malicious fraud, the datx user behaviour file provides good solution. the anti-fraud system with various anti-fraud policies, such abnormal based time difference protection, additional equipment validation information and calibration strategies and other strategies are based discrete degree datx user behaviour records prevent fraud. abnormal time difference protection strategy according the checking analysis, click and activate the time difference set range exclude abnormal data. updating the version the sdk integration fraud protection module, add more equipment validation information, the sdk will launch data channel encryption during data transmission, increase the cost fraud, ensure the security the data transmission. for example, the user behaviour chain, real user, there certain time difference from the click the convert. the time user's behaviour (click the ad), and the time transferring next move (click like subscribe download) too short (within few seconds), then you can preliminarily judge that the user may not true, but dubious machine click. whitepaper device authentication information policy after the user authorizes, the datx user behaviour archive will record the user's device id, cookie, and information. the user generally based ip, cookie (or device id) for resolving users. for users with datx user behaviour profile, datx can easily know certain users have frequent exposure clicks. some publisher will use robots change the disguise. this case, the information the datx user behaviour archive can taken into account identify the traffic. the user's cookie the datx user behaviour file different, but when this group cookie browser type, resolution, user window size, the operating system version number and equipment brands are the same, will cause the attention the anti-fraud system take the necessary measures. dispersion calibration strategy according the datx user behaviour archive, each records the that the user has requested. suppose that the access information recorded user's datx user behaviour file exceeds the peak range the set number within short time, will recorded anti-fraud function automatically. using large number fraud logs, the that clicked activated during certain period too centralized, that the performance the data exception. whitepaper datx blockchain exploration whitepaper datx blockchain exploration advertising platform involves massive user scale, thus requires fast response time, which poses great challenge for blockchain cope with user behaviour data real time. meanwhile, does not make sense technically and economically all user behaviour data are processed via ethereum smart contracts, considering its limitation response time, throughput and expensive gas fee for every single transaction. different from existing mainstream blockchains' generic one-for-all approach, the foundation proactively developing the native datx blockchain resolve above mentioned industry specific challenges achieve datx mission the next generation revolutionary blockchain for programmatic advertising industry. the board directors the foundation tasked with managing the use resources for the development datx for the best benefit all users, participants and stakeholders, including operation management, market promotion, development underlying technology and construction service system, planning and technology development. datx blockchain will bring innovations blockchain technology from below perspectives: better compatibility with major existing blockchain ecosystems (such bitcoin utxo core infrastructure, ethereum virtual machine (evm) more flexibility smart contract trigger mechanism and consensus protocol; user-friendly development system; lower transaction costs; lower latency; better tps performance; hybrid model centralized and decentralized data architecture; "poi" power identification balance data commercialization and user privacy. datx will build open source platform, provide blockchain infrastructure for programmatic ecosystem participants, and increase their advertising effectiveness and roi. datx will rate commercial scalability highly and make datx blockchain easy-to-implement, tailor fitted infrastructure for all relevant ecosystem participants. datx user behavior archival storage design requirements datx needs support distant storage user behaviour archives. the core function that users store their behaviour data network nodes, and later the users could acquire and access above whitepaper data anywhere. storing user behaviour data one network, means that other network nodes (i.e. storage nodes) will have the data archived, and these nodes will responsible for returning the data for users' access requests and platforms' big data analyses. due the importance the network nodes, datx forms the following hypotheses: storage nodes are untrustworthy: worst scenario, the storage nodes could steal, modify the archived data. therefore, forceful mechanism should applied prevent and terminate this kind malicious behaviours. storage nodes are profitable: economic income required maintain the storage nodes, especially, when data requires high privacy and security, higher fees should charged for the storage nodes. and should guaranteed that storage network nodes are fairly paid for. storage nodes are unstable: when data access requested, the storage nodes cannot online simultaneously, and could offline anytime. network might not goodwill: network flaw exists, someone possibly will take advantage the flaw and attack the nodes for personal profit. datx mandatorily designed securely store the data above features. whitepaper principle storage node selection the selection storage nodes essential datx user behaviour archive system. datx system, any user participant (including advertisers, publishers, audiences) datx ecosystem could become storage node. the users are entitled choose their own storage nodes, become the storage nodes. datx system, any user participant (including advertisers, publishers, audiences) datx ecosystem could become storage node. the users are entitled choose their own storage nodes, become the storage nodes. datx token required virtual crypto "fuel" for the usage storage resources datx, providing the economic incentives which will consumed encourage participants contribute and maintain the ecosystem datx. computational resources are required for storage information datx, thus providers these resources would require payment for the consumption these resources (i.e. "mining") maintain network integrity, and datx token will used the unit exchange quantify and pay the costs the consumed storage resources. datx token integral and indispensable part datx, because the absence datx token, there would common unit exchange pay for these costs, thus rendering the ecosystem datx unsustainable. when user becomes storage node, will rewarded with datx token. moreover, user stores data the node, this node will rewarded extra datx token. noticed, attackers could try lower the price and disguise themselves manipulate users' choices. whitepaper archive contract the contract between the storage demand side and storage node. the demand side agrees pay for storage node, the node stores the data for the demand side given term time. having storage nodes archive requires incentive mechanism. the archive contracts provide forceful incentive mechanism and motivation for nodes securely store data. having properly stored user behaviour archive, the storage nodes will rewarded, otherwise, they will punished. when archive contract enforced, both the storage demand side and the storage node put certain amount datx token deposit under the contract. once the storage node completes the contract, the contract deposit paid the node, with its own deposit returned along. the node defaults, its contract deposit will deducted. archive contracts are recorded blockchain, turns third-party regulator for these contracts. when archive contracts are completed, the storage node must provide proof and certifies that still has the data archived. not until the storage node provides the proof, can retrieve its deposit and payment from demand side. and the node unable provide the storage proof time, cannot rewarded. whitepaper archive contracts archive contract the contract between the storage demand side and storage node. the demand side agrees pay for storage node, the node stores the data for the demand side given term time. having storage nodes archive requires incentive mechanism. the archive contracts provide forceful incentive mechanism and motivation for nodes securely store data. having properly stored user behaviour archive, the storage nodes will rewarded, otherwise, they will punished. when archive contract enforced, both the storage demand side and the storage node put certain amount datx token deposit under the contract. once the storage node completes the contract, the contract deposit paid the node, with its own deposit returned along. the node defaults, its contract deposit will deducted. archive contracts are recorded blockchain, turns third party regulator for these contracts. when archive contracts are completed, the storage node must provide proof and certifies that still has the data archived. not until the storage node provides the proof, can retrieve its deposit and payment from demand side. and the node unable provide the storage proof time, cannot rewarded. archive redundancy makes sense that the storage demand side would store the data only single node, because datx hypothesized the storage nodes are inevitably unstable, meaning they cannot all-and-real-time online they just down. under this circumstance, simultaneously store data multi nodes can spread the risks. user profile archived five different hosts, only when all five hosts wrong, the data loss could occur. this, technology storage replications. the storage replication replicates copies the original data, and distribute various nodes; once node fails could resume lost data from other nodes. however, this storage replication technology largely increases storage costs, thus unable support rapid development blockchain technology. whitepaper there alternative, called reed-solomon codes. original data goes invalid when user accesses the data, redundant data blocks have downloaded prior remusing all original data blocks. this way, random access single original data block would loading mess, due the incredible downloading volume. based the probability distribution random access and sequential access, datx realizes data storage with regenerating codes, which take smaller bandwidth resume compared with reedsolomon codes. first, partition user behaviour file bytes into parts according mds, and store nodes respectively, each partition m/n bytes, and any partitions can used for the original data reformation. once node fails, redundancy must constantly refreshed, and this leads transfer enormous data the network. this time, datx should effectively reconstruct new partitions cope with such failure. new partition copy should replicated directly from another node storing this partition, but traditional error-correcting codes need original data generate new coding partition. while datx consider generating error-correcting coding partition with accessing only error-correcting coding partitions. the initial strategy, the node storing new partition (so-called newbie) downloads partitions and reconstruct the file, then generates new coding partition from original file. consequently, the data transferring bytes only generates m/k bytes partition. given that minimum data volume requires that newbie generates mds semi-mds partition, this called optimal maintaining mds (ommds). can particularly proven that m-byte download volume the minimum information theory, the newbie can only connect nodes, download data and generate partitions. the newbie allowed connect over nodes, then the data volume required for download would significantly reduce. for example, k=, n=, the newbie can connect nodes, then only data required generate new partitions, less than with the initial strategy. nevertheless, relevant extra expenses would also required, and consequently the hybrid whitepaper solution provides better secure bandwidth than ommds. order improve the hybrid solution, datx must have foresight over mds. here datx introduces new solution, regenerating codes, which minimize the data download volume required newbie under the symmetry mds that datx requires. higher level, improves ommds through the data downloaded the newbie, instead discarding the data. consequence, has larger partitions than mds, while costs only minor bandwidth maintaining expenses, even though the newbie interacts with nodes. for instance, k=, newbie needs download only data, less than ommds, and less than the initial strategy. furthermore, datx conducted simulation experiment nodes stability measured real distributed storage system, the results state that when k=, reduces bandwidth than the hybrid solution. the larger is, the better performs. data encryption data encryption protect data privacy and security case that storage nodes try spy, steal damage the data. before users behaviour data uploaded the network, all datx users behaviour archives have been through advanced cipher, and decipher cannot occur storage nodes, but only after download. circumstances can storage nodes decipher its stored data. utilize cryptography mechanism guarantee the information security. mathematical algorithm that maps data arbitrary size bit string fixed size hash) and designed one-way function, that is, function which infeasible invert. the only way recreate the input data from ideal cryptographic hash function output attempt brute-force search possible inputs see they produce match, use rainbow table matched hashes. hash function given as: hash(original information)=message digest ideal hash function generates output varies with input. cryptographic hash function allows one easily verify that some input data maps given hash value, but the input data unknown, deliberately difficult reconstruct (or equivalent alternatives) knowing the stored hash value. for example, user interact with certain moment, and this recorded blockchain, then following executed: hash(a user doing something with this time) whitepaper gahgahdafaft the ledger then would record item gahgahdafaf, which stands for the action the user takes with the the moment, the original information hidden, and user privacy ensured. the linked blocks form chain. this iterative process confirms the integrity the previous block (any change the information changes hash value, failing verified), all the way back the original genesis block (once verifying the hash value the last block, the whole ledger verified). also apply cryptosystem, known asymmetric public-private key cryptosystem. such cryptosystem, the encryption key public and different from the decryption key which kept secret (private). clarify briefly, let have look classic asymmetric public-private key cryptosystem rsa (rivest-shamir-adleman) algorithm. the keys for the rsa algorithm are generated the following way: choose two distinct prime numbers and prime integers can efficiently found using primality test, that pq. for security purposes, the integers and should chosen random, and should similar magnitude but differ length few digits make factoring harder. used the modulus for both the public and private keys. its length, usually expressed bits, the key length. compute l(n) lcm(l(p), l(q)) lcm(p where carmichael's totient function. this value kept private. choose integer such that l(n) and gcd(e, l(n)) i.e., and l(n) are coprime. determine (mod l(n)); i.e., the modular multiplicative inverse (modulo l(n)). this more clearly stated as: solve for given (mod l(n)). released the public key exponent. kept the private key exponent. more generally, for any and satisfying (mod l(n)), the same conclusion follows from carmichael's generalization euler's theorem, which states that ml(n) (mod for all relatively prime cited from: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rsa_(cryptosystem) (n,e) encapsulated public key, (n,d) encapsulated private key. suppose plain text, then encryption calculate ciphertext whitepaper the public key consists the modulus and the public (or encryption) exponent the private key consists the modulus and the private (or decryption) exponent which must kept secret. and l(n) must also kept secret because they can used calculate when the key long enough, rsa encrypted information would never deciphered. summary the foundation proposes its own technology realise its objectives building ecosystem for the advertising industry. the datx public blockchain would not only able meet advertising needs, but also potentially support other businesses with similar demands. during the exploration process, real user behaviour better integrated the public blockchain design, with this process called power identification (poi). whitepaper datx product roadmap product roadmap stage platform integration poi user-oriented behaviour data implementation whitepaper avazu the first advertising platform compatible with datx. achieve customized native ads and acquisition active users; implement incentive mechanism for users, publishers and advertising platforms; establish user-oriented decentralized behaviour archive, set data foundation for advertising eco-dmp; develop anti-fraud system based user behavioural data, better cleanse the ecosystem. stage content upgrade customized content recommendation establish the form native ads feed; attract additional advertisers deliver datx platform based new form content feed; implement personalized recommendation system based and user-oriented decentralized behaviour archive, and continuously optimize the performance. stage iii ecosystem booming enhanced value creation datx blockchain implementation integrate subsequent advertising platforms datx and become part the ecosystem; attract more advertisers join datx platform based native ads; integrate more d-app into datx ecosystem; implement datx blockchain, the no. blockchain for programmatic advertising. whitepaper datx core team whitepaper .datx core team the foundation comprises members the core datx team, and oversees the development datx cooperation with qtum foundation and avazu. the core datx team includes development team over engineers, product managers, architects and uex experts. other team members include: ralph sas ralph graduated from the university avans hogeschool den bosch germany. currently, the acting ceo dotc united group and the ceo avazu europe europe/na/latam, subsidiary the mobile advertising platform. the member the board directors avazu holding. addition, ralph ever worked for zinq media and r&d media, both these two companies are the leading company mobile internet and online digital marketing netherlands. guus esbir wildeman guus graduated from the university hogeschool inholland, expert affiliate marketing, social media, seo, ppc, ppv, online promotion areas. served for dotc united group for over years and now the current coo avazu europe /na/latam, before that, was ever sales director area iqu. guus devoted his efforts into creating perfect connections between gamers, publishers and advertisers and try earn more robust marketplace for online games. using his previous intelligence platform sophisticated gameriqu(tm) across the internet, social media, mobile devices and more, carries big and deep influence european countries. robert korbs robert korbs graduated from the university applied sciences berlin (which was listed the first place west europe area) ,he specialized business computer science. until now, had more than years work experience digital marketing, user access, business, pioneer team leader running start-up ecosystem. whitepaper present, robert holding the position managing director avazu europe/na/latam. ever worked for sub corporation hitfox group, adgames,a digital innovation marketing game company, with the title the head advertiser relations. alejandro bonsignore alejandro has been professor within law and social science uade university, one the top ranked universities buenos aires, with experience leading roles for major companies the digital advertising industry, such improve media network. has deep knowledge about the aviation industry after working many years consultant. today, alejandro the director business development avazu latam. ben pony van kessel ben pony van kessel graduated from amsterdam university applied science, and currently the director business development avazu europe. ben came contact with the online marketing industry young age working for multinational lead generation company where achieved great heights success being responsible devising business development strategies and the entry and settlement new markets. having past experience sales, ben was able develop strong skills within the online marketing and international sales field. stefan suripatty stefan suripatty the current european and north american director advertiser relations avazu latam. stefan served many years senior developer r&d media, internationally operating media company that operates mobile internet entertainment, ecommerce and online lead generation industry. stefan has worked many years within the online and digital advertising industry with major companies such r&d media and bandbreed and had initial career web developer. justin turner justin turner graduated from esdal college with economics and society. for many years justin had leading roles iqu, which online performance marketing whitepaper company specialized games. currently, iqu serves more than gaming specialized publishers with more than game offers. justin the european and north american affiliate manager avazu latam. justin has over years experience within the advertising and publishing industry, with great knowledge about online and mobile performance marketing and great insights the gaming industry. kiki henrichs kiki henrichs currently european and north american global sales director avazu latam. kiki has many years experience within media buying and online advertising, for example managing major clients match brand, part the aegis group. amos fang amos fang graduated from national chio-tung tung university and formerly served the r&d assistant manager cyberlink, which one the leading multimedia software companies, with perfectcorp its subsidiary, one largest taiwanese mobile internet enterprise. has nearly decade experience within international business development with success online offline user growth global market for e-commerce clients such alibaba, yahoo and amazon. currently, amos head apac business dotc united group. olle falkenang olle falkenang graduated from uppsala university and was former project leader obike global. olle has many years' experience within online and social media marketing for the retail and gaming industry for companies such electronic arts and gamestop, and has extensive knowledge and insights within business development and sales management from ibm. whitepaper risks whitepaper risks you acknowledge and agree that there are numerous risks associated with purchasing datx token, holding datx token, and using datx token for participation datx. uncertain regulations and enforcement actions the regulatory status datx token and distributed ledger technology unclear unsettled many jurisdictions. the regulation virtual currencies has become primary target regulation all major countries the world. impossible predict how, when whether regulatory agencies may apply existing regulations create new regulations with respect such technology and its applications, including datx token and/or datx. regulatory actions could negatively impact datx token and/or datx inwhitepaper various ways.p the foundation (or its affiliates) may cease operations jurisdiction the event that regulatory actions, changes law regulation, make illegal operate such jurisdiction, commercially undesirable obtain the necessary regulatory approval(s) operate such jurisdiction. after consulting with wide range ofvwhitepaper legal advisorsp and continuous analysis the development and legal structure virtual currencies, the foundation will apply cautious approach towards the sale datx token. therefore, for the crowdsale, the foundation may constantly adjust the sale strategy order avoid relevant legal risks much possible. for the crowdsale, the foundation working with tzedek law llc, boutique corporate law firm singapore with good reputation the blockchain space. inadequate disclosure information the date hereof, datx still under development and its design concepts, consensus mechanisms, algorithms, codes, and other technical details and parameters may constantly and frequently updated and changed. although this white paper contains the most current information relating datx, not absolutely complete and may still adjusted and updated the datx team from time time. the datx team has ability and obligation keep holders datx token informed every detail (including development progress and expected milestones) regarding the project develop datx, hence insufficient information disclosure inevitable and reasonable. whitepaper competitors various types decentralised applications are emerging rapid rate, and the industry increasingly competitive. possible that alternative networks could established that utilise the same similar code and protocol underlying datx token and/or datx and attempt re-create similar facilities. datx may required compete with these alternative networks, which could negatively impact datx token and/or datx. loss talent the development datx depends the continued co-operation the existing technical team and expert consultants, who are highly knowledgeable and experienced their respective sectors. the loss any member may adversely affect datx its future development. further, stability and cohesion within the team critical the overall development datx. there the possibility that conflict within the team and/or departure core personnel may occur, resulting negative influence the project the future. failure develop there the risk that the development datx will not executed implemented planned, for variety reasons, including without limitation the event decline the prices any digital asset, virtual currency datx token, unforeseen technical difficulties, and shortage development funds for activities. security weaknesses hackers other malicious groups organisations may attempt interfere with datx token and/or datx variety ways, including, but not limited to, malware attacks, denial service attacks, consensus-based attacks, sybil attacks, smurfing and spoofing. furthermore, there risk that third party member the foundation its affiliates may intentionally unintentionally introduce weaknesses into the core infrastructure datx token and/or datx, which could negatively affect datx token and/or datx. further, the future cryptography and security innovations are highly unpredictable and advances cryptography, technical advances (including without limitation development quantum computing), could present unknown risks datx token and/or datx rendering ineffective the cryptographic consensus mechanism that underpins that whitepaper blockchain protocol. other risks addition the aforementioned risks, there are other risks (as more particularly set out the terms and conditions) associated with your purchase, holding and use datx token, including those that the foundation cannot anticipate. such risks may further materialise unanticipated variations combinations the aforementioned risks. you should conduct full due diligence the foundation, its affiliates and the datx team, well understand the overall framework and vision for datx prior purchasing datx token. whitepaper