dav white paper noam copel tal ater june dav foundation c/o treforma ag, grabenstrasse baar, zug, switzerland noam@dav.network tal@dav.network abstract-- decentralized autonomous vehicles (dav). dav computer network that will ultimately connect self-driving vehicles (such cars, trucks, rovers, and drones) everyone that network, enabling them discover, communicate, and transact. the token shall provide access the network. users are admitted the network for charge tokens per transaction depending supply and demand. except for providing access the dav platform for the relevant transactions, dav tokens will not have any functionality utility. people who own vehicles the charging stations the network are paid consideration fee for the services they provide peer-to-peer basis with the relevant users. through the network, users can have entire network self-driving vehicles their fingertips bring them anything, take them anywhere. even today's transportation market, and during the transitional period before autonomous transportation reaches mass adoption, the decentralized transportation network and its underlying technology can create variety economic opportunities such decentralized, demand, manned, rides and deliveries. disclaimer important notice assurance exclusion liability information this white paper should considered legal, financial, business tax advice and you should consult your own legal, financial, tax other professional adviser before engaging any activity. the extent legally permissible, dav foundation, employees dav foundation, any third party service provider exclude their liability for any direct indirect damages losses which you may suffer incur connection with this white paper and the reliance any information provided herein. certain statements contained this white paper contain forward-looking statements. such forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause that the actual future results situations are different from the statements described herein and should therefore not unduly relied upon. the forward-looking statements are made the date this white paper and dav foundation not responsible revise this white paper order take into account events after such date. this white paper contains information obtained from third parties. dav foundation has not independently verified the accuracy completeness such information and dav foundation does not represent warrant any assurance the accuracy completeness such information. dav foundation reserves the right update and change this white paper and the positions and plans outlined this white paper any time without further notice solicitation for investments this white paper contains information dav foundation, the dav network and planned environment and the dav token and intended for general informational purposes only. this white paper does not and not intended constitute prospectus offer document any sort and not intended constitute offer securities solicitation for investment securities any jurisdictions. particular, this white paper has not been registered approved any authority under any applicable laws and regulations. the dav tokens issued dav foundation are not intended constitute securities and/or collective investment units any jurisdiction. the sale the dav tokens shall governed exclusively the terms and conditions the dav token sale defined separate document and any information relation the dav token this white paper merely descriptive nature. key risks and restrictions relating dav tokens and the dav network general dav tokens are utility tokens and not confer directly indirectly any rights claims against dav foundation any third party. accessing this white paper, you acknowledge, understand and agree that: while dav tokens may traded exchanges and through brokers, note that dav tokens may only used the dav network access the dav network. dav tokens may have value and any investment dav tokens may entirely lost. there guarantee representation value liquidity for the dav tokens and the value dav tokens may significantly influenced digital currency market trends unrelated dav tokens dav foundation. dav foundation and any its affiliates have obligations are liable for (i) the value dav tokens, (ii) the transferability the dav tokens, (iii) the liquidity dav tokens, and/or (iv) the availability any market for dav tokens through dav foundation any third parties. the information provided this white paper relation dav token shall not construed any opinion, statement indication regarding the merits the dav tokens. the sole responsibility holders and prospective holders dav tokens comply with all laws (including any national international tax treaties), regulatory requirements and restrictions applicable any point time. international local laws and regulations may render the projects and plans dav foundation impossible all certain jurisdictions. due regulatory uncertainties restrictions, selling restrictions apply relating the sale dav tokens any citizen resident the united states america any green card holders and the people's republic china any citizen resident any other jurisdiction where the acquisition utility tokens cryptocurrencies prohibited restricted. possible changes dav network order meet the requirements the swiss regulator regarding anti-money laundering regulations, the dav foundation may required make modifications the dav network, including, without limitation, the dav network's functions, and postpone the availability all part the functions the dav network. further, while awaiting the determination whether modifications the dav network are needed for these purposes, the dav foundation will delay the settlement the eth transferred dav foundation during the token sale using escrow smart contract. the escrow smart contract will provide for the settlement the eth transfer dav foundation only upon full compliance with the swiss anti-money laundering regulations. content ii. executive summary ................................................................................................. converging trends ............................................................................................. iii. problem/solution .................................................................................................... iv. the internet transportation ................................................................................. iv. internet transportation participants .......................................................... technical functionality ........................................................................................... vi. dav technology stack ............................................................................................. vi. decentralized identity ............................................................................. vi. decentralized discovery .......................................................................... vi. decentralized communication ..................................................................... vi. decentralized mission flow ..................................................................... vi. need .................................................................................... vi. bid ....................................................................................... vi. contract signing ........................................................................ vi. intra-mission communication ....................................................... vi. contract resolution ................................................................... vi. decentralized payments ........................................................................... vi. payments using incentive tokens .................................................. vii. fueling new ecosystem ......................................................................................... viii. future work/roadmap ............................................................................................ ix. conclusion ............................................................................................................ acknowledgment .............................................................................................................. references ................................................................................................... executive summary the internet network computers, but wasn't the first one; there were many computer networks prior the internet (for example, aol, compuserve, and prodigy). what enabled the internet emerge and overtake the isolated silos that preceded was decentralization. the internet introduced set protocols specifying how data should packetized, addressed, transmitted, routed, and confirmed received, and, doing so, eliminated the need for central authority that controls the network. this model provides rich opportunities for developers build useful applications, for businesses create value, and for people participate vast and ever-growing network that not owned controlled central monopoly. the automotive and transportation industries are currently undergoing their biggest revolution since the invention henry ford's assembly line the booming "sharing economy" shaking industries from office space and music transportation. addition emerging sharing economy, technology advances will soon make autonomous vehicles integral part our daily lives. these trends converge, the movement goods and people will take completely new shape. vehicles will akin packets data, programmatically sent from origin destination. with computer networks the past, current transportation networks are being formed isolated silos. google, lyft, and uber are only handful the companies working autonomous transportation, but they are all building their solutions using the same closed platform model aol was using back the autonomous drone and robotics companies have also begun emerge and, similarly, their networks are proprietary, closed and non-inclusive. this paper are laying the foundations for decentralized transportation infrastructure that will have built-in incentives for all the different participants: consumers, businesses, software developers, hardware makers, maintenance providers, insurers, and arbitrators. transportation infrastructure that open-source and free evolve, based open and unified protocols, highly scalable and has single point failure. ii. converging trends demand passenger economy report published london-based rethinkx, "independent think tank," estimates that "driverless cars" become more common, people will continue the increasing trend moving from car ownership opting for "on demand" autonomous electric vehicle services. this could save family more than per year, equivalent wage raise for the median american household, resulting additional trillion dollars per year americans' pockets according the report. with the elimination the need for driver, hundreds millions hours will unleashed annually drivers become passengers vehicles that provide improved safety and better transportation economy. research strategy analytics finds that autonomous vehicle driving technology will enable new "passenger economy" worth us$ trillion the "passenger economy" will increasingly drive change across variety industries, disrupting vehicle ownership with "mobility-as-a-service." this will accelerate emerging use cases, which also extend transportation and delivery businesses. consumer use range "mobility-as-a-service" offerings will account for us$. trillion, nearly all revenues. business use "mobility-as-a-service" will generate us$ trillion revenues, roughly total revenues. emerging applications and services will account for us$ billion revenues. these commercial activities increase, see huge opportunity for large-scale adoption and growth the sector through the enabling drones, autonomous vehicles, robots, and charging stations communicate and trade with each other. cost reduction fierce competition has resulted cheaper, more reliable, and more capable vehicles than those that existed just few years ago. one type autonomous vehicle that has seen accelerated growth the mainstream the commercial drone. the best consumer drones are now being deployed for commercial use, often with few modifications. "just with smartphones, people who enjoyed playing with consumer drones realized made sense take them work too," says jonathan downey airware. cost reduction doesn't stop with drones; self-driving cars need able see the world around them. one way they this using lidar, sensor attached the top car that spins and shoots out lasers create high-resolution maps the car's surroundings. just few years ago, top-of-the-line lidar system cost over $,. alphabet-owned company waymo has slashed the price lidar according their ceo, john krafcik. emerging use cases whether look companies like starship technologies estonia and dispatch california, who have developed wheeled-cooler-sized drones that are making deliveries footpaths, unsupervised.ai, the french startup that uses drone that has legs and resembles dog for "last meter" deliveries, clear that the innovation being undertaken broad scope and global scale. fig. aida, last mile autonomous delivery unsupervised.ai last-mile delivery represents the cost delivery today, due manually taking single parcel into the delivery destination, opposed driving vehicle laden with large volume packages near the destination. companies are already developing hybrid systems for "integrated last mile" delivery, such trucks that can arrive neighborhood and deploy both flying and wheeled drones. already see companies like flytrex executing deliveries with autonomous drones iceland for icelandic online marketplace called aha. fig. flytrex, autonomous drone delivering for aha iceland companies like ehang china have already tested drones that carry people the air through dubai. these flying passenger drones are expected commercially deployed the coming years. other companies, such airbus, uber, and kitty hawk, have proposed similar flying-car drones. fig. passenger drone prototype geneva, urban area, airmap (which manages drone traffic) and skyguide (which manages manned aircraft) worked together with other companies successfully demonstrate the first-ever live demonstration drone airspace services europe. autonomous vehicles allow reimagine whole range transportation, personal vehicles, ride-hailing, public transportation, and logistics. with focus shared mobility and access fleets vehicles, rather than personal ownership model, people will able experience these technologies sooner. waymo has "self-driven" over million miles the road, across cities. phoenix, arizona they are already inviting people take part their early passenger program. fully self-driving fleet now offers accessibility, safety, and flexibility and frees time and space the vehicle what you want. fig. waymo, self driving vehicle legal commercial use the flood consumer drones and autonomous vehicles have forced regulators push through legislation allow commercial development and use. the federal aviation administration (faa) has blanket federal restriction commercial drone operators. all commercial drone operators must apply for exemption" from the faa before doing business, register their aircraft online with the faa for and receive certificate authorization (coa) other faa authorization. the following heat map from airmap, the airspace management company, shows that recreational drones and commercial-use drones had been registered with the faa the end may fig. heatmap recreational and commercial drone registrations, faa many other countries have followed the faa's regulatory lead, which clearing commercial drones for takeoff worldwide. with technology for autonomous vehicles continually developing, state and municipal governments are addressing the potential impacts autonomous vehicles the road. each year, the number states considering legislation related autonomous vehicles has gradually increased. states have introduced legislation, while that number stood states the national conference state legislatures (ncsl) has new autonomous vehicles legislative database, providing up-to-date, real-time information about state autonomous vehicle legislation that has been introduced the states and the district columbia. fig. states with enacted autonomous vehicle legislation switzerland, iceland, and tanzania already allow autonomous drone delivery operations, and from japan will permit them well. open source vehicle technology large number autonomous vehicles are being developed open-source projects developer communities, well commercial companies. these projects introduce new ways design and build autonomous cars, drones, robots, and even underwater vessels. the autonomous car space: open source car control (oscc provides developers with collection firmware and hardware designs for computer control their autonomous development vehicles. apollo provides open, reliable, and secure software platform for its partners develop their own autonomous driving systems through on-vehicle and hardware platforms. drones and other uavs: dronecode open-source platform for unmanned aerial vehicles (uavs), and paparazzi uav open-source drone hardware and software project encompassing autopilot systems and ground station software for multicopters/multirotors, fixed-wing, helicopters, and hybrid aircraft. other robotics spaces: ros collection libraries that aim simplify the task creating complex and robust robot behavior across wide variety robotic platforms, and openrov low-cost submarine/underwater drone hardware. token economy blockchain technology has opened new possibilities for the recognition and exchange value. are now entering time when applications may built top blockchain technology and doing also create industry-specific economies and ecosystems. this white paper proposes way leverage this significant economic paradigm shift building blockchain-based, global, and completely open-source technology stack that enables cooperation between members the new transportation economy and the financial tools incentivize network growth. the network becomes more useful more users join and the demand for the tokens increases; this helps create incentives for early adopters who are vital for the creation active and growing ecosystem. iii. problem/solution problem today, large corporations have already begun experimenting with fleets autonomous vehicles: domino's pizza delivery robots, amazon's prime air drones, waymo's autonomous taxis, and baidu's open-source self-driving cars are all leading the way towards fully autonomous transportation systems. these organizations employ armies software developers their attempts create the first fully autonomous vehicles, they need resolve issues revolving around perception, localization, decision making, and more. additionally, autonomous vehicles require charging, maintenance, and docking infrastructure. centralization and narrow economic interests restrict the pace which transformative technologies can released and adopted the market, the key players are focused dominating their own isolated networks, and not creating collaborative infrastructure that more efficient and has higher potential for more diverse use cases the long run. lack incentives collaborate across various value chains stifles the pace progress the sector. open-source platform that inclusive and permissionless provides economic incentives for multiple participants join the network and enjoy its future growth way that allows for much more rapid scaling. solution open-sourcing the dav technology stack and decentralizing protocols around identity, discovery and mission flow, provided through modular ui, dav enables cooperation. new players can enter the market, creating distributed value and growing participation the transportation economy. decentralized open source network means that players can independently take action response unfilled poorly filled market needs. creativity the edges what's efficient about open-sourcing network technology that pushes innovation the edge, giving more participants control over the pace and direction innovation, and fueling creativity. simplicity the center allows for complexity the edge. innovative applications and services will emerge autonomous vehicle services scale and evolve, just the internet brought new businesses and business models into existence. dav's open-source technology stack, protocols, and solve problems through enabling cooperation, positioning the dav network platform for independent innovation the edge. iv. the internet transportation statement drones, cars, trucks, and even shipping boats are only some the autonomous vehicles that will soon enter the mainstream. the dav technology stack was created make this ecosystem reality enabling true cooperation between autonomous vehicles, service providers, and users. challenge creating network for efficient, fast-scaling shift from the existing transportation sector into the autonomous vehicle transportation sector, huge support network must put place. this autonomous vehicle network must include large number avs, spread out all over the target area. many parking spots must designated for all these avs park when they are not flying driving around. charging stations must placed over large geographical area. and finally, network supporting services, such repairs, rescue, cleaning, and more must put place. purpose the purpose the dav utility token provide access community-built autonomous vehicle infrastructure and build autonomous vehicle platform that commercially viable and essential for cooperation. the dav network enables the distribution tokens across all groups network participants consideration for services provided between network participants, and the growth the network benefits all network members. iv. internet transportation participants consumers pay consideration exchange for on-demand transportation people and goods, and other services provided other participants the dav network. providers vehicle providers: receive consideration making their vehicles available for on-demand missions transport and delivery. infrastructure providers: receive consideration providing docking, charging, battery replacement equipment. service providers: receive consideration providing maintenance services for vehicles and locating and retrieving lost damaged davs, according recent gps coordinates. receive consideration assembling and selling open-source davs using prefabricated parts, open-source plans, and open-source software. insurance providers: receive premium offering data-driven insurance policies demand for people, davs, and parcels selected routes and types missions. arbitrators: independent dispute resolution providers are paid fee settling disputes directly through smart contracts issues involving damaged goods and proof delivery. software hardware developers: participate the development the open-source platform exchange for bounties, well build their own custom services for accessing the dav network. manufacturers: technical functionality the dav network, developer-centric platform, creates sdks for popular development platforms and apis. actively encourages developers take part, making easy for any developer participate and contribute within their domain expertise. the technology behind the dav network stack open-source software with developed for simple interaction, which enables truly autonomous, fast-scaling transportation system. identity the identity stack enables users and devices authenticate themselves other network participants. each dav entity has its own identity. these entities might person looking purchase transportation services, rooftop charging station for drones, driverless car, insurance service, even group several cargo drones controlled single system. discovery decentralized discovery provides the tools for different dav identities discover each other decentralized way. represents the difference between world where introducing vehicle new environment requires building support structure around (e.g., charging and service stations, parking, etc.) and truly connected world where any autonomous vehicle can operate any environment, consuming services around the need arises. communication dav's decentralized communication allows direct communications between two more dav participants using common communication protocol. the key facilitating most types operations within the dav network and enabling different entities from different manufacturers communicate with each other, for example vehicles and charging stations. mission flow enable exchange services between two more parties, dav offers communication protocol designed ease each step the mission flow from the initial statement need through bidding, service fulfillment, and eventually payment. access and decentralized settlement dav token core component the dav stack and was created fuel the dav ecosystem. dav tokens are required access the dav network, i.e. the onboarding network participants and the use the identity, discovery, communication and mission flow functions. further, the dav network enables the decentralized peer-to-peer payment for the services rendered between involved participants the dav network with virtual currency payment tokens (not access tokens) available the ethereum blockchain which enables secure and trustless payments for such services. for the avoidance doubt, the dav token only serves access token. vi. dav technology stack the dav stack composed five main components, each providing one piece the puzzle needed enable decentralized autonomous vehicle ecosystem. the five decentralized components are: identity discovery communication mission flow access and settlement vi. decentralized identity each entity using the dav network has its own pseudonymous identity, known dav identity. these entities might person looking purchase transportation services, rooftop charging station for drones, driverless car, insurance service, even group several cargo drones controlled single system. these pseudonymous identities are uniquely identifiable and non-ephemeral, while still providing degree anonymity. dav identities are stored and tracked decentralized way the blockchain and can only manipulated through predetermined interface. this interface ensures strict access control over who (or what) can manipulate and use each identity. for example, only user possessing the private cryptographic key that matches given identity's wallet can assign human-readable name that identity sign smart contract its behalf. the other hand, the history past transactions, which stored within each identity, can only added authorized mission contracts and cannot manipulated any way the user. unlike many other blockchain solutions, which can completely trustless, transacting the physical world presents additional elements that cannot wholly encapsulated within digital contract. other words, while possible for smart contract know when financial transaction has completed, knowing whether physical package was delivered with scratch trickier. dav offers three tools for dealing with counterparty risks: public transaction history, third-party arbitrators, and third-party insurers. network pseudonymous identities, dav exposes the history each identity's performance, while also offering anonymity for it. (in other words, you can know how many successful missions drone completed, but not who that drone who owns it.) each identity holds within ledger detailing the complete history transactions conducted that identity, along with their outcome. this essentially creates permission-based access control, allowing anyone access the full history each identity's transactions, while strictly limiting write permissions. evaluating the outcomes identity's transactions over time, can construct clear image its trustworthiness and the level risk each party assumes the transaction. combining both decentralized identities and decentralized transaction history, can achieve decentralized system that not only exposes the full history successful transactions, but one that does not allow identity disavow hide negative ones. dav offers system full transparency and strict access control. the nature pseudonymous identities means that, design, they are not tied real-world identity. single legal entity person can create multiple pseudonymous identities represent themselves. this makes the system potentially prone so-called sock puppets identities created with the sole purpose hiding past negative behavior. this issue affects all online communities where the cost generating new pseudonymous identities low. the user behavior that emerges such communities, and what expect see among our users, that users tend trust and value vendors with long history successful transactions while considering transactions with new vendors riskier. for example, online freelancing sites such upwork and elance, veteran users with many positive ratings are able charge premium over new unknown users. similarly, when evaluating bids for services over the dav network, potential buyer might look seller's history important criteria, and not just for the lowest bid. the need for third party decide the outcome some transactions opens the gate for introducing arbitrators (serving either oracles additional signatures multisignature contract) into the system. these parties can provide their services and help facilitate transactions, resolve disputes, and increase user trust the system. for example, when dispute arises between buyer and seller, third-party arbitrator might require physical proof delivery before signing off delivery. dav's initial proof concept demonstrates third-party arbitrator service like this provided the mission planning service. support for arbitration does not need built into the system (other than support for multisignature contracts supporting refundable arbitrator fee). represents emergent behavior that supported the dav stack. arbitrators are dav identities like any other, with their own transaction histories. they provide this service just like any other service provided the network (i.e., arbitration service different from charging service from technical standpoint). some these services can automated (and often provided free charge), such being additional key-holder multisignature contract, providing third-party verifiable proof delivery, such requiring the receiver package enter code unlock delivery box. others might require human intervention (and payment fee). the fee can take the form either refundable deposit from either both parties, deducted from the value the transaction. not all transactions necessarily require the inclusion third-party arbitrator the contract. identity's transaction history can used determine transaction's counterparty risk and act signal for both parties when deciding whether include third-party arbitrator not. the element risk from unforeseen events and bad actors opens the gate for third-party insurance providers offer valuable service the dav network. much like arbitrators, insurance providers implement the logic and tools for providing the insurance service and offer their services using the same dav tools any other service providers (i.e., request for insurance goes through the same channels request for charging service). thanks dav's decentralized nature, insurance providers have access the full history transactions completed all the parties involved transaction (as well their own history they may have saved their own proprietary systems, such their history with each party) and can use that data estimate the level risk and adjust the insurance premium. while each dav identity uniquely identified cryptographically generated hash, which instantly recognizable computers, this hash does not present very human-friendly interface. attaching unique avatar each identity, generated using its cryptographic hash the seed, dav identities gain additional degree recognizability and user-friendliness. this identifiability enhanced allowing optional, unique, human-readable name assigned identity using the dav naming service, service inspired the ethereum domain name service note that the concept dav identity separate from wallet. certain identity can connected one wallet one day and different one the next. this disassociation enables different emergent behaviors within the dav network. for example, the owner autonomous charging station may sell that station another person, without the buyer losing that identity's transaction history, changing the wallet attached (and most likely generating new cryptographic keys required control that station). another example timeshare-like ownership drone group people controlled multisignature contract that changes the wallet based days the week. vi. decentralized discovery one the most transformative aspects dav the ability for autonomous vehicles discover each other, well service providers and clients around them. decentralized discovery represents the difference between world where introducing vehicle new environment requires building support structure around (e.g., charging and service stations, parking, etc.), and truly connected world where any autonomous vehicle can operate any environment, consuming services around the need arises. dav implements this decentralized node discovery using peer-to-peer protocol that based kademlia dht (the same algorithm used ethereum's node discovery, well popular peer-to-peer protocols such bittorrent). kademlia, each node assigned -bit opaque id. kademlia's lookup algorithm locates node through series hops, with each successive hop converging closer xor distance the lookup target. this enables node lookups with logarithmic difficulty and has been proven scale remarkably well. dav, each node this peer-to-peer network represents single dav identity and identified unique ecdsa public/private key pair. this separate from the key pair used identify wallets the blockchain (in fact, dav identity may switch between different wallets without changing its public/private key). unlike kademlia, node ids within dav's network carry with them extra function, they take the form cryptographic hash ecdsa public key kpublic), and all outgoing messages are signed using the matching private key kprivate). the authenticity any message received can verified using that signature and public key. this ensures that malicious actors cannot pose other nodes and forge messages (an attack known spartacus attack) and creates common identifier between the on-blockchain and off-blockchain representations each identity. this protocol enables general-purpose data transport and interface for applications communicate via peer-to-peer network. this sits the heart dav's decentralized discovery, well enabling its decentralized communication. interesting aspect dav that its building blocks allow one build discovery service top the dav stack, shown our proof concept mission control server. this allows for some interesting possibilities, such allowing existing ride-hailing companies operate their own network autonomous vehicles, within their own app, while still enjoying dav's other benefits, such access network token holders, service discovery, and more. another example might discovery service listing only charging stations that have been verified third party exclusively use renewable energy sources. this flexibility integral dav's philosophy and supported its modular nature. vi. decentralized communication decentralized communication key facilitating most types operations within the dav network. this communication can divided into two groups: on-blockchain communications and off-blockchain communications (peer-to-peer communications). on-blockchain communications take the form messages that are communicated through events emitted smart contracts (e.g., transfer event when cryptocurrencies are transferred between parties), well messages communicated the entities using the network the smart contracts (e.g., state update sent drone the mission contract part the intra-mission communication). these two types communications should quite familiar anyone experienced with dapps. off-blockchain communications occur directly between two nodes, well following the publish/subscribe pattern wherein entity publishes message n-subscribers that have shown interest messages that match certain attributes (also known content-based message filtering). example the latter type message would electric vehicle broadcasting (i.e., publishing) need for battery changing station that matches certain attributes (e.g., geographical location, plug type). this message would reach all the matching stations (i.e., subscribers). response, charging stations may respond directly with bid (as described under decentralized mission planning and coordination), example direct communication between two nodes. dav's peer-to-peer publish/subscribe system based extension kademlia that based the quasar algorithm. are working improve few the issues identified quasar, namely latency, advantages peers close xor distance rather than geographical distance, and the ability for nodes refuse relay messages when advantageous them so. vi. decentralized mission flow allowing autonomous vehicles and services discover each other and communicate with each other are only the first steps creating autonomous ecosystem. enable successful exchange services between two more parties, dav offers communication protocol designed ease each step the mission flow from the initial statement need through bidding, service fulfillment, and eventually payment. these steps are executed off-blockchain using peer-to-peer communication and are governed and enforced number smart contracts the blockchain. vi. need the story each mission begins with dav identity buyer) that requires service broadcasting request for that service. its core, that buyer defining need. this need then broadcast all dav entities that are able provide that service. example, let's take person looking ship package friend who lives the city. that user broadcasts need deliver package certain size from coordinate coordinate certain time. turn, drone looking deliver that package might broadcast its own needs, such charging station within coordinate and robot able the "last mile" the delivery from rooftop landing station the second floor the building coordinate the message containing the need includes number fields, which are mandatory all need messages, well payload with additional details specific the type service requested (e.g., package weight, number passengers, etc.) vi. bid the second part the mission flow the bidding process. any identity seller this case) listening incoming needs can respond with bid fulfill that need. the bid sent directly the buyer and, like the need, includes few mandatory fields common all bids, well payload containing additional details relating the specific type service. for example, drone responding request for ride might include the price for completing the mission, expiration time for the bid, the drone's current location, estimated time pickup, estimated time delivery, and additional details like whether requires third-party arbitrator sign the contract. note that the entire flow asynchronous. the drone from the previous example might receive the need and, before sending its bid, broadcast its own need asking for bids from insurers insure the delivery. once the drone receives bid from insurers, can calculate the total cost the delivery and make its bid for the delivery job. only once awarded the delivery job will sign the insurance contract. note that this example, the drone both buyer and seller services. vi. contract signing once the buyer has received few bids and has made decision based the bids' details, well the identities and transaction histories the sellers, smart contract can signed between the relevant parties. dav smart contracts support transfer the consideration paid peer-to-peer the ethereum blockchain virtual currency payment tokens (not access tokens) once mission concludes successfully (verified signatures from both parties, external oracles, multisignature contracts involving third-party arbitrators), refunds, staking amounts for insurance, and more. part the dav's developer-centric platform, dav will develop tools enable third-party developers create domain-specific multi-step contracts used the dav network. vi. intra-mission communication while not mandatory step all mission flows, intra-mission communication using dav's decentralized communication protocol allows transfer data and state messages. this can extremely useful on-blockchain, such multi-step mission contracts, well off-blockchain, allowing direct communication between buyers, sellers, and oracles. for example, multi-step smart contract between drone and client looking ship package can updated the mission progresses through various steps (travel pickup location, pickup, travel destination, etc.) this on-blockchain data can later used another contract that was created insure the transaction. another example might intra-mission communication between vehicles establishing collaborations decrease the number empty trips fig. example: collaboration between vehicles decreases the number empty return trips from four one vi. contract resolution smart contracts may contain number conditions, which can lead one several resolutions. this differs from contract contract, but the most common scenario occurs once mission has been completed successfully: the two parties both send message the contract indicating their satisfaction, which immediately followed release funds from the contract the seller. vi. access and decentralized settlement order fuel the dav network, dav foundation created the dav token that required for accessing the dav network and using the dav stack. the dav token fully erc- token standard -compliant. implements the erc- token interface, with few additions that extend its functionality for the unique needs the dav network, well addressing few the known security issues erc- tokens. dav tokens are required for accessing the dav network for each transaction, i.e. onboarding onto the dav network creating dav identity. the amount dav tokens required for accessing the dav network depends the type user, e.g. providers such drone providers charging station providers consumers, well supply and demand, i.e. the quantity and type infrastructure provided. order establish optimum balance between different participants, anyone the community, including dav, can incentivize the onboarding certain types ecosystem members whose services are highly demanded and may increase the price access for network participants that are "too frequent". for instance, environment where there are not enough drones serve the demand, those the community who feel that more drones are needed may incentivize the onboarding additional drones transferring dav tokens for the access drones the network. the community member essentially whitelists that service (in this case more drones) and transfers the dav tokens for the access the whitelisted drones the dav network. the proceeds from the sale the dav tokens are used for the further development the dav network and financing the incentive function (see below). further, dav tokens also help confirm identity and track the population that onboarded, which something that would then fully transparent the blockchain. regards the services provided between participants the dav network, the dav stack provides also for decentralized peer peer settlement between the relevant participants using dav's decentralized payments contracts which enable secure, trustless transactions directly between participants the dav network. the relevant participants may agree settle the provided services virtual currency payment tokens (not access tokens) available the ethereum blockchain. while the settlement directly takes place between the participants, mission contracts use specialized contract gain additional functionality when making payments between dav identities. this contract serves the glue between dav identity and service provided received within the dav network, providing additional features, such paying for missions using account's own tokens balance. addition the specialized functionality enables, the payment contract also keeps track which identities are whitelisted result dav tokens for the access the network having been transferred other community members. vi. incentive function order foster the use certain services provided the dav network, dav offers incentive function allowing whitelist ecosystem members order incentivize the provision certain services. when ecosystem members decides incentivize another ecosystem member (e.g. seller running charging station) may transfer dav tokens behalf the relevant ecosystem member whitelisted. when creating incentive, limit also placed the maximum number dav tokens that may transferred behalf ecosystem member whitelisted. example this structure would charging station manufacturer incentivizing homeowners buy and place charging equipment their driveways. the cost accessing the dav network each station some amount dav tokens, the manufacturer may transfer such amount dav tokens behalf the homeowner and whitelist each these new charging stations receive access the dav network. vii. fueling new ecosystem dav committed the success its platform and the success the economy and its participants who are building and deploying the next generation autonomous vehicle transportation and infrastructure. help grow the internet transportation and jumpstart the network effect, the foundation will actively incentivize early adopters select cities, establishing favorable market conditions and lowering barriers entry. dav cities will designated the foundation based the following criteria: autonomous-vehicle-friendly regulation financial incentives from local edos (i.e., economic development offices) viable use cases and populations early adopters deployment utm for integrated airspace management through e-registration, e-identification, flight planning, geofencing, airspace authorization, flight tracking, and live telemetry services the dav incentives function enables ecosystem members including dav incentivize certain services the dav network providing bounties directly consumers and enthusiasts dav cities, autonomous transportation services, and/or autonomous vehicle companies for purchasing services from within the transport economy, such charging maintenance. deploying predefined portion its capital this way, the foundation aims seed sustainable transport economies participants and help jumpstart city-wide network effects. viii. future work/roadmap the core team behind dav will work with the community continuously document, publish, and open source proof-of-concept releases, which each iteration will more daring than the previous terms adding new autonomous vehicles and participants, well smarter functionalities, across longer distances and more countries. our major milestones for development and go-to market are: mvp world's first autonomous vehicle autonomously bid for delivery services, complete them, and get paid using tokens directly its own wallet. mvp world's first autonomous vehicle pay for its own battery replacement using tokens and take off complete its delivery mission. mvp world's first autonomous vehicle pay another autonomous vehicle (robot) using tokens for completing the last mile delivery mission. mvp longest drone delivery flight ever, flying cross-country using the support multiple dav battery-changing stations along the way. additional development add support for robotic vehicles, cars, and marine vessels. ix. conclusion the critical convergence autonomous transportation technology and blockchain technology, dav's open-source decentralized identity, discovery, mission coordination, and payments enable users, service providers, maintenance providers, third-party developers, and investors become part new economy and monetize the transportation system tomorrow. change coming, and the opportunities are numerous. just the internet enables transfer information, and blockchain enables transfer value, the dav network enables transfer physical objects. acknowledgment would like express our gratitude the people who supported wrote this paper. special thanks andrew grunstein, john frazer, rachel linnewiel, joseph lopardo, eyal hertzog, and elizabeth horstman. your support and feedback were truly important improving this document. thank you. references oscc http://oscc.io/ wong, guha. quasar: probabilistic publish-subscribe system for social networks. dept. computer science, cornell university, ithaca, ny, february apollo http://apollo.auto dronecode https://www.dronecode.org/ paparazzi uav http://www.paparazziuav.org ros http://www.ros.org/ openrov https://www.openrov.com/ johnson. eip- ethereum domain name service specification. april maymounkov and mazieres. kademlia: peer-to-peer information system based the xor metric. new york university, march example for non-collaborative and collaborative vehicle routes two carriers. dotted arcs are empty return trips (adenso-d'iaz al., vogelsteller, buterin. erc- token standard. ethereum foundation (stiftung ethereum), zug, switzerland, november unmanned aircraft system (uas) traffic management (utm) https://utm.arc.nasa.gov/index.shtml.