category abstract.................................................................................................................................................-. introduction.........................................................................................................................................-. application blockchain technology....................................................................................-. blockchain and davinci project................................................................................................-. background...................................................................................................................................-. start joint project between south korea china and arise korean wave.......-. davinci project.....................................................................................................................................-. the combination davinci project with industry..............................................................-. davinci project and cross-border payment..........................................................................-. davinci chain ai...................................................................................................................-. davinci token (dac).........................................................................................................................-. token sale...................................................................................................................................-. token allocation........................................................................................................................-. use assets.............................................................................................................................-. davinci member................................................................................................................................-. development team....................................................................................................................-. davinci advisory board..................................................................................................................-. roadmap.............................................................................................................................................-. davincvi organization structure...................................................................................................-. overview davinci foundation...........................................................................................-. purpose davinci foundation................................................................................................-. disclaimer...........................................................................................................................................-. davinci official community.....................................................................................................................-- for nonprofit and educational purpose, the content the white paper can used sources and copyright notices clearly stated. abstract digital asset has become diverse and increasingly difficult manage, the emergence integrated digital asset has been considered crucial topic. however, due lack comprehensive foundation, there consistency the method payment. moreover, flow and security transactions, convenience, and, even anonymity cannot guaranteed. currently the digitalization real economic assets and their expansions have risen global issue. digitized economic assets are expected significant part future finance, but problems solve still exist well. our society anticipated enter full-scale digital economy through active public participation and problem resolution via digital finance, which based digital asset. centralized financial system has been dominated methods payment, settlement, loans, stocks, derivatives, and inter-country transactions until now. the other hand, forthcoming decentralized digital economy expected structured with the collection digital assets and number. the main function the blockchain settle disputes among network participants. before the adoption blockchain, multilateral consensus among several financial products almost impossible reach financial transaction. with guaranteed transparency blockchain, reliability the structure increases along with participants' recognition data transparency and anti-counterfeiting mechanism. additional affirmative aspect the blockchain its resistance modification the data and making undue profit with asymmetry information. even with its transparency and efficiency, further discussion still exists between payment processing company and financial institution that serves gateway settle above issue, davinci platform, which based high-technology and proven marketing operation experience, gathers numerous information about asset, payment, insurance, society, credit, culture and medical care. connecting accumulated information and asset, davinci platform able bring down barriers diverse field provide secure and convenient payment ecosystem. application blockchain technology introduction satoshi nakamoto proposed peer-to-per(pp) electronic transaction system, bitcoin, generated specific algorithm and calculation. bitcoin economy found distributed database that constructed numerous nodes, which all transaction encoded and recorded ensure the reliability the monetary circulation. pp's decentralized characteristic and algorithm prevent artificial manipulation monetary value during the acquisition(mining) bitcoin. thus, transparency, ownership, and the anonymity transaction are secured and ensured. appending smart contract mechanism bitcoin's decentralized blockchain system, vitalik buterin created ethereum open-source, ethereum public blockchain platform with function smart contract. ethereum's ultimate goal allow variety applications programs consensus protocol blockchain users. ethereum's script language, called evm (ethereum virtual machine), provides various modules users. its technology has been quickly recognized the market allowing users construct their own applications. along with the improvement ethereum, other blockchain technology also continuously pursues for further innovations. blockchain its heyday with complementation offline trading implementing the 'lightning network' the smart contract. the major sources blockchain's rapid growth are the simplification existing transaction and its convenience. moreover, anonymity and transaction transparency also have contributed the development. progress blockchain shed light the possibility decentralize the current centralized system. reconstructing the centralized financial ecosystem from the understructure level significant innovation that not bound the regulation. certain that blockchain technology has brought revolution cryptocurrency, but various steps still exist order apply blockchain real life and economy. for the actual application blockchain, the linkage decentralized blockchain necessary construct blockchain network. furthermore, with its capability dissolve series process such funding, transfer, authentication into blockchain, cryptocurrency will ubiquitously applied, and finally achieved enhancement its ecosystem. blockchain and davinci project the world assembled numerous communities ranging from individuals families, small community, and from workplace society, big community. each community closely intertwined and organized close structural network environment where all modernized members society coexists. the future, these communities are expected linked the decentralized blockchain, which also would closely connected another community's blockchain. the chain network will allow communities form distinctive ecosystem. this unique ecosystem will assist self-development and freedom all members, and the "davinci project" will the significant component the ecosystem. davinci project has built highly efficient, fast, secured, and simplified payment system. the project also has strengthened global transaction blur the currency boundary, and minimized the complexity financial and accounting verification process. furthermore, management credit information will more transparent, and this will allow insurers alleviate dispute and justify claim for compensation. decentralization encrypted network has reinforced security and reduced costs. surplus resources are shared through network, and the record food and product would easily traced. lastly, digitalization the real estate transaction details will strengthen the transparency. background cryptocurrency market share republic korea has remained only percent its global market restriction policies chinese government cryptocurrency such the prohibition ico and bitcoin exploitation cause diminishment chinese cryptocurrency market. result, the capital cryptocurrency has pushed into countries where the transaction allowed. under this circumstance, republic korea the powerhouse seized the opportunity expand the market share percent and became huge shareholder global market with its domestic exchanges. new concept currency, cryptocurrency has raised public's interest and concern regarding blockchain. prevent rash speculation, korean government has restricted cryptocurrency exchange. however, with fast acknowledgement its rich value, the government has presented policies for transparent transaction legalization cryptocurrency. republic korea, globally known powerhouse, has formed various collaboration project blockchain and cryptocurrency. the innovative research and projects are expected recover country's international finance status, which has lagged behind the past. also, this important age transformation digital finance, republic korea puts its efforts become the international base digital assets. start joint project between south korea china and arise korean wave korean pop culture has gone viral asia since the introduction korean dramas china and the spread korean pop songs. rapid cultural expansion china and taiwan naturally coined the term "korean wave." the korean wave has not only landed china, but also propagated several countries including taiwan, hong kong, vietnam, thailand, indonesia, philippines, and etc. especially after korean products such food and electronic devices are largely preferred along with cultural media like drama, music, and movie. this cultural trends, comprehensive sense, refers hanryu, the korean wave. after korean wave became one the biggest contents china and achieved great success overseas markets. however, installation terminal high altitude area defense (thaad) caused the decrease exchange between korea and china and negatively affected korean wave well. according trade statistic the proportion the trade with china accounted over percent (.% for export, for import) total korea trade, which ranked the first both exports and imports. china imported percent its total trade from republic korea, which ranked the first surpassing japan. korea also placed china's export covering percent total. compared the trade growth prior the large scale the china-korea trade has noticeably diminished. unexpected diplomatic issues have negatively affected the inter-country exchanges between korea and china, and public demands for the resolution the civilian level have been raised accordingly. therefore, beyond diplomatic barriers, companies china and korea have decided join forces find solutions cultural sector. the davinci project was initiated promote non-governmental exchanges between korea and china through the blockchain technology korea, powerhouse. davinci project with collaborations diverse fields including cultural sector, davinci project comprehends not only the domestic but also the international level exchanges non-governmental network. the project expected the important communication hub while cooperating and linking people and organizations from all over the world. similar the invention boat and plane, allowed people travel any part the globe, davinci project exploits the trade route and the cultural exchange digital ground pioneer. within davinci network, the blockchain connection cultivated through davinci token. the token can traced and utilized payment method for any financial transactions including overseas' trade, shopping, insurance, house loan, even cell phone charge. even this simple purchase, data and personal information movement and unnecessary confirmation are inevitable. these processes incur costs, and individual members the society have bear the burden. guarantee people's right receive better services, this inefficient steps and costs shall reduced. the blockchain system composed six-layer structure: data layer, network layer, consensus layer, incentive layer, contract layer and application layer. the comprehensive design established with previous and davinci's blockchain systems has two layers- the upper and lower layer. the upper, usually contains the presentation layer and the application layer, mostly stable. blockchain technology applied business layer and data layer, categorized the lower part. the business layer specifically processes business logic, and data layer handles relatively complicated logic and stores all processed data under the chain. davinci chain public blockchain that uses distributed ledger and storage the absence centralized hardware regulatory authority. the right and obligation each node are evenly sustained, and the data block the system maintains its structure managing and preserving functional nodes. utilization 'timestamp' the cognitive block structure introduces time dimension the data during the storing process. this innovation provides strong traceability and verifiability. moreover, specific mechanism adopted ensure participation all nodes the distributed system the verification process the data block. the new block also can added the blockchain through the preselected node consensus algorithm. the davinci project constructed based the consensus derived from specification and protocol. the environment, created the project, all nodes system maintain their reliability, and the data freely and securely exchanged. the davinci project can preserve its condition due blockchain's resistance any artificial modification the data. this condition reveals the transition from the belief "human" belief "technology." once the information verified and added the blockchain, permanently stored and not executable alter the data the single node level. since public blockchain, except the encrypted information the parties transaction, the data completely open any individuals and groups, hence the overall system information highly transparent. mutual trust between each node not vital element the transaction, exposition node's identity unnecessary. therefore, each participating node the system possible remained anonymous. the combination davinci project with industry the davinci project combines blockchain technology numerous fields including culture, asset, bonds, insurance, finance, and iot. the project suggests optimal solution complicated problems specific industries and provides appropriate smart contract for each. various information, data, and its mechanism created during its operation also are stored the davinci blockchain. this currency system that combined with information, data, and authentication relations, promotes the development and convergence this ecosystem while focusing the payment. and the advancement the ecosystem contributes convenience daily life. due the widespread korean culture the global society, impact korean wave china influences not only cultural sectors but also diverse fields industries. yet, the numerous trade barriers cultural and artistic areas have existed because conflict interest and technical inefficiency between nations. these problems, however, can easily resolved application blockchain technology. possible since the technology allows the creation decentralized blockchain ledger for each contents. and creates grounds for recording and updating all information and data the contents. for instance, specific information the content such copyright, publication right, shares, transaction authentication, and document forgery prevention categorized and stored the blockchain ledger through decentralized blockchain technology. these information accessible only authenticated users with legitimate reason. such transparent trading cultural contents will prevent counterfeiting and contribute the development clean culture and art market well. addition, this transparency enables encourage cultural exchange between korea and china beside other countries. reestablishment real estate transaction into 'digital credit society' can achieved connecting real estate the blockchain and owners assets with financial institutions. theory real estate transaction and ownership dealt and managed blockchain ledger and smart contract technology. blockchain's trust mechanism prevents unauthorized alteration and sustains transaction transparency. additionally, joint monitoring and tracking features provided blockchain's systematic character serves major advantage. the real estate transaction, the cryptocurrency approved davinci project also utilized. the transaction details are stored each block and generated without real estate agent. the blockchain technology can reduce the unnecessary expense and improve the efficiency the transaction. internet things, abbreviated lot, refers controlling things maneuvering internet with frontend internet technology. the blockchain technology ensures secure one one data communication all devices connected the network over the internet. the most important issue lot are protection data encryption, validation mechanisms, and the settlement and payment reliable costs distributed environment. with application blockchain technology, individual internet facility can transmit data via directly encrypted protocol and settle the transaction each transmission. this can serve the basis practice the cryptocurrencies the iot blockchain and can utilized the currency among companies the market stimulate healthy competition. connect internet things(iot) davinci project, firstly blockchain consensus verification mechanism shall remodeled. the iot applied environment, each sensor and microcontroller nodes become inactive because iot's smart facilities are not participating pow calculation and only concentrating the data encryption and transmission. instead, verification nodes are established with mainstream servers used company providing variety iot services, and these nodes function achieve the objective transaction. compared the classic center-server architecture internet things(iot), the input amount small scale verification nodes required for the computation significantly lower than the existing service cluster. additionally, almost impossible artificially change data leakage, since verification nodes are not automatically storing the user's data. future, blockchain technology expected the core infrastructure for the financial service. existing financial institutions such banks, insurance, trust companies, and etc. attempt reform the ground introducing blockchain the financial models. furthermore, the integration advanced technology and finance created new financial system named fintech. information asymmetry among participants negatively influences the establishment economic credit system. this causes decrease the transaction efficiency between centralized credit mediator and information intermediary and increase the costs. davinci project has solved the problem redundant information, and connected various field data and transaction channel. moreover, the project presented possibility trust mechanism decentralized system through blockchain's opened information and anti-counterfeit characteristic and potentiality reform the base finance architecture. exchange and disbursement are the most fundamental concept the finance. prominent advantage adopting blockchain transaction especially represented cross-border payment. along with participants' capability perform transaction regardless their regions, simplified processing procedures, efficient transaction via real-time settlement, and reduction the cost make the blockchain system ideal for business models dealing with international transaction and small payment. davinci project and cross-border payment the payment system currently divided into three main methods, which are bank settlement system, thirdparty settlement system, and cash payment. all these methods have several drawbacks including high commission fee, inconvenient procedures, long settlement period, and unnecessary costs. blockchain does not rely intermediaries such banks for trust patterns financial systems due its safety, transparency and unalterable feature. cross-border payment, blockchain able exclude the role intermediary banks. based the blockchain technology, payments would made through person person(pp) rather than via bank. this will not only eliminate third party financial institution but also actualize real-time deposit, cash withdrawal, and all types payment. furthermore, transaction costs will significantly reduced cross-border payment. the application model the blockchain cross-border payment utilizes its networks build payment gateway among existing financial institutions. through payment gateway, the real life currency can converted into the digital currency for blockchain system which makes payment and transferring more convenient. the replacement the actual transaction with the blockchain will accomplish fast and low-cost transactions. utilizing blockchain payment has various advantages: first advantages: high payment efficiency all transactions made traditional online-payment are performed through complex multi-procedures since the intermediary payment, usually bank involved the transaction, has play central role. other words, banks that participated the transaction are required check the balance and synchronize the commercial information transactions. moreover, final payment made only account existed participating banks. result, conventional centralized exchange and payment methods have through complicated process. online payment via blockchain, the nodes, participating the blockchain network, share the same verification information and ensure the consistency the information. consequently, the efficiency greatly increased because not required synchronize and settle complex information. second advantage: save banking resource among various blockchain cross border payments, bank-to-bank transaction performed utilizing agreed upon chain system. this transaction allows real time cross currency exchange without role intermediary bank. therefore, the cross border payment based blockchain technology saves possible loss bank's resources. third advantage: low risk cross-border payment based blockchain technology, participating nodes all payment including importer and exporter, etc., are connected each other through blockchain technology. these nodes cooperate share, verify and protect the payment transaction information. therefore, importer set the payment schedule and fail receive delivery information from exporter, the importer will not approve the payment confirmation during transaction validation process. due the importer's refusal, the transaction will not take place and the exporter cannot receive the money. consequently, international trade risk can significantly reduced introduction blockchain payment since all the participating nodes jointly manage transaction records and actively participate verification process. forth advantage: rapid speed transaction conventional cross-border payment models, especially the process manipulating large amounts artificial settlement, banks have typically handled the large amount settlements process the end the day. while transaction through bank usually takes hours completed, blockchain cross-border payment greatly shortens the payment period reducing unnecessary procedures and providing services for the international participants. fifth advantage: significant decline transaction commission according global payment strong fundamentals despite uncertain times mckinsey company, average commission cross-border payment through correspondent bank model was indicated between twenty-five dollars and thirty-five dollars, which ten times more than commission domestic payment. conventional cross-border model contains various fees such payment processing, requisition, financial operation, accounting and others. the utilization blockchain technology can reduce the role intermediaries commercial transactions and increase the liquidity funds, which enables check and control the process real-time. the result, possible effectively reduce direct and indirect commissions each transaction. sixth advantage: ideas for new transaction payment and settlement through blockchain provides new idea regarding customer information and verification. according anti-money laundering law(aml), financial institutions around the world must strictly enforce customer identification procedures during transaction and implement account name verification (know-your-customer rule, kyc). existing financial institutions procedure and required documents customer information verification have been complex. therefore, long process confirmation information inevitable and, consequently, financial institutions face cost issue. establishing trust with blockchain technology and storing electronic files customer identification, blockchain technology actualizes safe management identity information, fulfills core requirements anti-money laundering law, and suggests new solution management regards kyc process and anti-money laundering law. davinci chain the mainnet means building new platform out the existing block-chain platform. the main net can attract companies that use various tokens. the mainnet will issue coin directly act kind base currency. davinci third-generation coin that builds new mainnet. how you count the generation? the first generation blockchain bitcoin. the second generation ethereum. ethereum has implemented smart contracts and capable distributed applications(dapp). davinci third generation blockchain. what does the third generation mean? present, various cryptocurrencies are based the second generation platform, ethereum. these ethereum-based cryptocurrencies are called 'erc tokens'. the problem with the second-generation blockchains that second-generation technology makes difficult for people create real-life technologies and services. the oxymoron capacity and speed can handled blockchain technology, but the method mining (consensus algorithm) unclear. the solution this problem the third generation blockchain. davinci, third generation blockchain, capable using variety dapp. addition, can speed transaction processing lower costs. result, the most practical blockchain the third generation. the third generation blockchain should increase transaction processing speed. ethereum has slow processing speed and limited transaction (transaction record between users) capacity. for this reason, ethereum rarely applied business. let's look the concept velocity blockchain. ethereum's trading per second (tps) tps. processes transactions per second. better than bitcoin's processing speed(tps) but still not practical for business use. the block generation time has great effect the blockchain speed. situation where there are not many transactions, tps meaningless. the block creation time short, the speed the blockchain fast. the block creation time long, the speed the blockchain slow. result the agreement method the blockchain, the transaction processing method and the overall performance the system are different. "do not agree you have completely reliable network. the above sentence simply means that you not need blockchain that increases speed. blockchains were created because the need for strong trust. you have strong trust your system, you not need blockchain. you need trust the system, the throughput will sacrificed. this the problem current blockchain theory. until now, blockchain's main focus were speed and security. however, enhancement security was achieved the expense speed and vice versa. resolution this contradiction dai, davinci project's technology. what role should artificial intelligence play the block chain? let's take the speed example. pos faster than pow. davinci adopted the pos system. the davinci chain can support fast block creation tps. the davinci chain must limit the number nodes achieve maximum speed. the chain has greatly improved processing speed introducing parallel processing using multi-thread. due the limited number nodes the davinci chain, attack targets become clearer. after securing percent, the davinci chain can neutralized. the davinci chain divides the blocks according their importance. evaluates the importance davinci chain blocks. the davinci chain, machine learning can used networks. blockchain technology ideal tool for managing network transactions. however, the blockchain based framework must designed that agents can interact with external customers. artificial intelligence should used automatically classify the importance incoming customers. the davinci chain must manage the creation cycle the blocks through external business. dai(davinciartificial intelligence) the davinci chain must vested make mining possible. the mainnet defines mining which was justified based the following data. (the hash the previous block, the time took for the previous block mined, the time took for the current block mined, the address the miner, the amount dac left the miner the vest contract) dai the abbreviation engine. dai enables machine learning and manages the whole process block verification davinci mainnet. artificial intelligence learns the generation cycle blocks. artificial intelligence find out that dangerous events occur the main net. for example, person who withdraws suddenly withdraws the artificial intelligence perceives these changes, can stop the mainnet since dai oversees the main net. problems can arise with this system. the excessive intervention artificial intelligence within the mainnet. automation problems may arise too. however, this problem solved the future. dapp associated with blockchain technology. the existing centralized system and decentralization based philosophy are strictly different. it's impossible build app with only blockchain yet. currently only hybrid app and blockchain possible. there server that hosts the dapp code and acts mediator between the user and the database. data can protected through blockchain, but the central server disabled, the system will broken down. the davinci engine responsible for the stability the central server and the ability control the connection the block chain. artificial intelligence checkpoint davinci chain scalability the result the aggregation the seven extensibility factors the actual transaction rate throughput (tps throughput). addition, the seven scalability factors beyond simple throughput, and show how flexible they can applied real life. main checkpoint scalability dps (data processing speed) the davinci chain has fast dps(data processing speed). this due the appropriate block size. assignment block size determined artificial intelligence(dai). dvs(data validation speed) dvs(data validation speed) the davinci chain validation within pos systems important. the validation speed increased, becomes less secured. matter the pos system well davinci chain. solve this problem, construct artificial neural network dai. .dns(data network relay speed) the problem dns (data network relay speed) the problem connecting external network. the network problem with the outside important understand. moreover harmonization inside and outside the chain also necessary. increasing data size (storage) removal obsolete data. able use this function, artificial intelligence learning required. number nodes participating consensus structure (the number validators) adjustment the number nodes participating the consensus structure (the number validators) related stability. scalability codes and applications on-chain/off-chain governance davinci mainnet will combine the three methods enhance the speed raiden network raiden network minimizes block-chain records and saves commissions through off-chain method, which does not record intermediate transactions between opening and closing payment channels. since the raiden network does not wait for block transaction, the approval fast. plan apply highly reliable networks, which refer network nodes that verify data. plasma plasma technology that minimizes the recording block chain through subchain case leiden utilizes off-chain through the channel opening and closing process. currently, dapp records all data the ethernet block chain (main-chain). this causes speed problems and creates unpreferable conditions such block size problems and increase gas consumption due data volume. sharding 'shard ing' means shred data. the conventional method, all the processing data have pieces data, sharing stores pieces. the result that the nodes are lighter and the transaction processing speed improved significantly. addition, plasma technology that utilizes subchain minimize the recordings stored the main chain expected times faster, which resulted raising ethereum's operating speed times faster than current. the problem the forgery and falsification data. vitalik buterin referred sharding island. new algorithm required for each these islands compatible. dai makes secure blockchain block chain not perfect system. can vulnerable attack any time. may monaco used block withholding attack (bwa). the definition bwa that blocks are generated mining find the computed value. normally, miners declare the network soon they find block. the first person who finds given coin payoff. however, the hash power (computation speed) high, the block that has already been found may not declared intentionally. then possible mine the next block without informing the network bwa illustrated example. the blockchain(blue) created, the attacker secretly mines his own blockchain(gray). because the attacker's hash power (computation power) higher, the secretly mined block chain also longer. this time, the attacker deposits the coin the targeted exchange. for example, the exchange handles the deposit with the approval times, the deposit completed from the red arrow the figure below. this time, the attacker swaps the coin this system another coin and quickly withdraws it. after that, declare blocks from the behind that have been secretly mined. when new block appears, the chain split into two bifurcations. blockchain pow (proof work) method, since the chain longer, the attacker's blockchain justified and considered legitimate chain. existing chains are culled and disappear. this phenomenon called block reorganization. transaction history existed (existing chain coin other coin) coin exchange. the existing chain disappears, the transaction history disappears well. for this reason, the coin that was used purchase another coin returned. attacker will vanish soon she moved the returned coin the personal wallet. coins existing block chain and new block chain overlaps. this time, the existing coin that had purchased another coin disappears and only the coin the attacker's personal wallet left. become attacker, the abundance coin's liquidity necessary. next, high hash power required for bwa. for this reason, pos method preferred pow method. but pos not fully secure. the case pos (proof stake), 'nothing stake' problem can occur. pos, there validator instead miner. the verifier has the authority verify the blocks according the assets. the validator adds proof own asset the block, which considered valid block, and places bet. the network, the block with the greatest sum the betted assets recognized legitimate block. suppose attacker made fake block attack blockchain. the verifier must sign only the real block. however, since fake block able camouflage legitimate block, both fake and legitimate blocks can approved. eventually, the whole network can fall into chaos. the pbft (practical byzantine fault tolerance) algorithm, there recurrence the blockchain. however, you have more than one-third share, you can attack against the blockchain. this lower than pow. therefore, pos more vulnerable terms defending against malicious attack than pow. order defend against malicious attacks, the number nodes must increased. pbft, the number nodes are increased, the amount traffic increases sharply. therefore, additional time required for block generation. general, the block generation time (waiting time complete the transaction) shorter and faster. people preferred minutes rather than minutes, minute than minutes, seconds than minute. however, since short block generation time and security are currently incompatible, the number approvals must increased accordingly. order improve the speed transactions, new method should developed. the bottom line that mainnet can used well without increasing the block length the transaction speed improves. based ai, davinci chain offers satisfy these conditions. davinci's mainnet enhances the stability block generation using artificial intelligence. using the machine learning process the smart contract and the block creation process, the stability the mainnet improved. the ether block explorer, etherscan, can verify smart contracts. but even proven contracts tend have bugs and vulnerabilities. meaning 'verified' means that only the source code provided matches what distributed the blockchain. difficult guarantee mainnet's security this way. thus, the security standards need established for ethereum smart contracts and conduct smart contract validation. dai automatic verification system smart contract. artificial intelligence automatically validates creators smart contract and sends them verifier nodes real time. the learned artificial intelligence senses and analyzes the dangerous alteration blocks. first, artificial neural networks learn the changes smart contracts and blocks and then collect data. result, learns the pattern smart contract and block mechanically. finally, the stability the chain maintained using deep learning. the deep learning also called 'deep neural network' (dnn) that imitates human neural networks. and dnn solves complex problems through iterative process updating parameters which affects relations between layers. davinci's artificial intelligence system uses deep learning create pattern repetitive process blocks. davinci's artificial intelligence (dai) automatically learns repetitive processes block chains and dapp. therefore, itself able prepare for problems that may arise. davinci engine aims unsupervised learning. unsupervised learning process which the algorithm itself learns data's the relationship and specificity without providing solution specific data. let's take example supervised learning, which the opposite unsupervised learning! the photo materials given are "joe, this david, this puppy ... "if you have label for each picture, you can learn about and find other photographs joe, david, and puppies. the other hand, unsupervised learning something like automatic group categorization among mixture several animal pictures. even you have not learned categorize 'dog', unsupervised learning able classify all the similar species puppies. davinci platform's artificial intelligence engine (dai) aims use unsupervised learning. dai's unsupervised learning allows automatic detection abnormal changes block generation and take action. addition, will able solve the problems automatically learning and forecasting the problems that occur the distributed environment. davinci recognizes dangerous patterns the blockchain. this similar the way self-driving car detects obstacle and stops car. for example, the artificial intelligence can automatically select and process the algorithm depending the importance the payment itself. dai possible recognize and control the process and differently. davinci token (dac) token sale term summary total token ,,, dac sale token dac token allocation will sold accordance with the sales plan will managed foundation will allocated development team and advisors will allocated special distributor (,, dac) are locked. from two months later, will unlocked percent each month over five months use assets company foundation operation business development marketing expense operation expense strategic partners community group will allocated the foundation operations, business development, marketing, community group and strategic partners. davinci member development team davinci advisory board roadmap davinci organization structure overview davinci foundation davinci foundation (referred "foundation") established singapore and focuses the construction and dissemination the overall davinci's economic ecosystem. the foundation complies with laws and regulations singapore. foundation operates under the authority community members. cooperating with associated partners, which include service provider, market operator, business and client user, promote the dapp ecosystem. the foundation nonprofit organization that oversees general operation the entire system. the community the highest authority and managed voting system. purpose davinci foundation the basic principles the davinci foundation are open sharing and sustainable development. exercise the authority, granted the community, with transparency, openness and impartiality. non-profit organization, cooperate with participants the system stimulate market activities through commercial offerings and economic ecosystem construction. aim for balanced development davinci's commercialized ecosystem with rigorous management the foundation and monitoring the community. disclaimer this document for purpose conveying information only and does not constitute any investment encouragement proposal regarding dac. does not serve any kind contract commitment. participate davinci project, all investors must clearly understand the risks. therefore, every investor who involved the investment considered contain full understanding possible risks and ready take full responsibilities all consequences. thus, davinci foundation clearly states that the foundation not responsible for any direct indirect damages that incurred. the disclaimer the project contains the followings (other risks that were not mentioned may exist well): the foundation cannot guarantee the increase and fluctuation the token value. the value may drop depending the situation. definition token neither ownership nor control. the project cannot guarantee authorization alter the project any individual organization with associated business and utilization plan. token contains various types risks such lost stolen. risk judicial regulations may exist. cryptocurrency already subject supervision all countries around the world, thus the project itself and the token may affected the authoritative group introduced the ecosystem regulate it. you are not familiar with the vision this project and the risks associated with cryptocurrency, not recommend participate token pre-sales. cryptocurrency riskier and should considerate about its investment. participant cloud funding digital assets will not refunded they participate token pre-sales. this project has the potential for development and also development failure depending legality, market technicality, uncontrollable causes. furthermore, davinci team will continue conduct reasonable tests ensure the reliability and accuracy the information the white paper. however, this white paper written based the status the time writing and does not warrant the accuracy and appropriateness any content the white paper, including the conclusions, performance the project, roadmap and achievement. this white paper can adjusted according the team's policy decision. the team shall not make any representations assurances about any matter relation this white paper and shall not liable for any applicable liability. for example, whether this white paper (i) written based legitimate authority without infringing the rights third party; ii) commercially valuable useful; iii) the content the davinci project described the white paper are not violation the laws investor's country. the object which the davinci project team exempted from the responsibility not limited those illustrated above. davinci official community http://davinci.vision instargram https://www.instagram.com/davinci_foundation/ twitter https://twitter.com/davincifoundat facebook https://www.facebook.com/davinci-coin-/ telegram https://t.me/davincifoundation