dcorp decentralized corporation dcorp entity that resembles corporation and exists the blockchain the form series smart contracts. manages its own token (drp) and the ether (eth) that holds. while the drp token used give voice the shareholders, the ether used fund projects and attract talent, order make profit. introduction dcorp this introduction briefly describes what dcorp and what its goals are decentralized, profit-driven corporation. decentralized decentralized corporation, opposed traditional corporation, allows anyone participate without any form discrimination. every part the corporation transparent and may reviewed anyone any time. there downtime and the corporation not susceptible hacks (ddos) attacks. profit-driven the motive clear: making profit autonomously. where there profit, projects don't get abandoned. talent talented developers and managers receive periodic bonuses ether (eth). democratic ultimately, the power lies with the shareholders: through voting proposals and the votes elected board members. board directors the elected board directors able make most governance decisions behalf the shareholders. funds projects that grow the corporation and eth. recognizes and binds talent paying for it. puts proven business concepts the blockchain. makes easy for nondevelopers participate. the bridge between developers and the business world. board members are compensated for the tasks they perform and are rewarded when their decisions lead profit. non-developers participating easy using facebook. participants use simple web interface that requires knowledge smart contracts, command line tools, bytecode json interfaces. lead developer frank@dcorp.it projects funded projects are, like dcorp itself, decentralized and must exist the blockchain. marketing hansco@dcorp.it connect www.dcorp.it reddit.com/dcorp the source code funded projects committed repositories accessible the shareholders for review any time. launch, the dcorp contract, its beneficiary address set the dcorp address. profits are monitored and dividends paid. index summary decentralized ethereum microsoft corporation core business shareholders board directors talent voting board directors vote shareholder vote proposals eliminate spam governance proposals governance proposals (shareholders) funding proposals bytecode proposals seed project derivatives exchange request deployment request deployment crowd offer deployment offer deployment crowd trading units account (erc) multi-token derivatives options futures futures with ascending stakes ethereum bitcoin (ebitcoin) ethereum euro (euro) support profit continuation and commitment token acquisition crowd sale minimum for success issuing core team incentive integrity and safety eth fund dividend rewards platform ease use design audit roadmap funding breakdown team disclaimer summary dcorp entity that resembles corporation and exists the blockchain the form series smart contracts. manages its own token (drp) and the ether that holds. while the drp token used give voice the shareholders, the ether used fund projects and attract talent, order make profit. decentralized decentralized (peer-to-peer) corporation, opposed traditional corporation, allows anyone participate without any form discrimination. there little reliance third parties such banks finance providers, which reduces overhead costs and improves reliability. every part the corporation transparent and may reviewed anyone any time. there downtime and the corporation not susceptible for hacks (ddos) attacks. ethereum dcorp exists the (ethereum) blockchain the form series smart contracts. the source code the smart contracts public and may reviewed anyone. smart-contracts are immutable and will always execute they were meant to. this allows for trustless interaction with the corporation. the truffle framework will used for the development and intensive testing dcorp components. like many other ethereum developers, the dcorp team has come love truffle! why ethereum? seasoned technology that actively developed, widely used and has market capitalization billion usd the time writing. moreover, love ethereum! microsoft while dcorp itself operates ethereum, its user-friendly interface and website are hosted microsoft's azure platform and are developed with microsoft's latest asp core technology. why microsoft? the development team members are experienced .net developers; widely used, easy understand and has proven reliable. moreover, love .net! corporation dcorp profit driven corporation that autonomously generates growth and steady stream income for its shareholders. while blockchain technology still development, business concepts are matured and proven. dcorp brings business and programming talent together trustless environment that allows them what they best. developers profit from their efforts while investors gain security and chance invest new technology following business rules that make sense. core business dcorp's core business funding and managing the development other ethereum projects and operating them autonomously. each product owned dcorp (dcorp's smart contract) and its address the benefactor address. profit automatically sent the corporation and divided between the developer(s), manager(s) and shareholders agreed. such agreements are recorded smart contract and therefore immutable and guaranteed execute without delay. please see the section seed projects for the initial projects which the dcorp developers are committed. shareholders the shareholders are the collective owners dcorp. anyone who owns one more dcorp tokens considered shareholder (see also the section shareholders and token acquisition). ultimately, the power lies with the shareholders through voting (see also the section voting). board directors the board directors group seven elected individuals who represent the shareholders making governance decision through voting process (see also governance proposals and performing management tasks. unlike shareholders, elected members the cannot choose stay anonymous. also, members the are expected vote each time vote called. record each member's voting behavior stored the blockchain and thus made public. addition making governance decisions behalf the shareholders, and contrast with traditional members perform management tasks. management tasks not require voting round and may performed one board member. management tasks include: managing fund (see also funding proposals and funds). performing tasks outside the blockchain environment, such forum website maintenance. members are compensated eth. when management efforts member result profit, the managing member also entitled share that profit, for long the individual holds the position member. these agreements are recorded the contract fund and are approved the shareholders. members the can replaced the shareholders through voting process. majority vote the can temporarily put member non-active state safety measure. while the non-active state force, the member question cannot perform management tasks. also, the voting power the nonactive member temporarily forwarded the founder. founder the founder (frank bonnet, see also the section team) has important but modest role (besides being lead developer). the founder can perform the same actions member the the vote the founder carries twice the weight member's vote, that the total voting weight the becomes nine. the unfortunate case when member the unable vote due enforced non-active state, the voting weight that member forwarded the founder until the member the replaced the nonactive state lifted. during the pre-sale period, and until the ownership the token contract transferred the dcorp contract, the founder manages the token contract through the crowdsale contract with limited power (see also token integrity and safety). the founder not elected. talent funded project developers, managers, members the the core team and the founder are talented participants who ensure the growth and profit generation the corporation. talented participants are the most valued resources the corporation. they are retained competitive compensation for their efforts and continuous bonuses when these efforts lead profit. compensation, ideally the form periodic payments during project development, needed make possible for participants work dcorp projects continuously. this increases the completion ratio funded projects and protects against projects being abandoned. continuous bonuses, success, work incentive for participants order get the best out them while 'playing fair'. agreements are recorded the blockchain fund contract approved the shareholders. fund contracts are immutable and are executed automatically. where there profit, projects are not abandoned. voting dcorp democratic autonomous decentralized organization. decisions are made means voting process and the power ultimately lies with the shareholders. there are two entities within the corporation that are able vote: the shareholders and the due the decentralized and transparent nature dcorp, there room for corruption. votes are recorded the blockchain and the weight each vote calculated the time the proposal's deadline. board directors' vote the can vote about limited set proposals that not require time consuming voting round among the shareholders (see also the section proposals d)). members the use the contract's interface (abi) vote through mist. members are expected vote each appropriate proposal. their votes are registered and public through the blockchain. four fifths (/) the fees collected from appropriate proposals are distributed the members the and the founder equally, that each receives tenth (/). the remaining one fifth (/) added dcorp's balance. when member the the founder neglects vote before the end proposal's deadline non-active state, the fee will added dcorp's balance instead. this strategy incentive vote about governance proposals within the acceptable timeframe while compensating participants. shareholder vote the shareholders can vote every possible proposal that deemed necessary (also see the section proposals (shareholders)). shareholders use straightforward web interface that hosted dcorp.it, which facilitates voting. interacting with dcorp should easy interacting with facebook. moreover, easy-to-follow instructions will published dcorp.it. while the recommended way interacting with dcorp through navigating dcorp.it mist, participants can just easily use their favorite browser. half (/) the fees collected from appropriate proposals distributed the members the and the founder equally, that each receives sixteenth (/). the remaining half (/) added dcorp's balance. when member the non-active state, the fee will added dcorp's balance instead. this strategy helps compensate members the and the founder for performing management and maintenance tasks. also incentive for long-term commitment and active participation. proposals anyone can submit governance and funding proposals. governance proposals are divided into two groups: proposals that can approved the board directors and proposals that need approved the shareholders. funding proposals always need approval from the shareholders. eliminate spam eliminate spam and reducing the number voting rounds, submitting proposal payed service (except for board members). this strategy encourages participants write better proposals and gauge support favor their proposal before submitting proposal. the fee for submitting proposal can changed submitting 'shareholders governance proposal'. the launch, the fees are listed below: governance proposal d): governance proposal (shareholders): funding proposal: eth eth eth the fee for submitting proposal must positive (>). governance proposals allow swift decision-making, governance proposals with low impact, may approved board directors' vote. when submitting proposal that satisfies the criteria 'governance proposal d)', the submitter free submit the proposal that requires the shareholders vote. governance proposals that can approved the board directors include: canceling funds replacing fund managers freezing accounts deploying contracts (in order develop funded projects) managing deployed contracts governance proposals (shareholders) governance proposals that change business rules, have large impact shareholders cannot voted board members because their interests could conflict, must approved shareholders' vote. governance proposals that need shareholder approval include: payment dividend issuing new shares electing board members removing board members adjusting voting rules adjusting funding rules adjusting fees (for submitting proposal) adjusting bonuses changing compensations managing deployed contracts approving proposal that was declined the board directors (any proposal that can approved the board directors can also approved the shareholders) funding proposals funding starts with the submission 'funding proposal', ideally after gaining sufficient support for the proposal approved. after submitting funding proposal, shareholders can cast their votes during seven-day period. when the voting period has ended, the proposal approved the majority the casted votes were favor the proposal, otherwise the proposal rejected. the former case, eth will deposited into the approved fund and the fund contract will deployed after safety period seven days. the length the voting period and safety period can adjusted with shareholders governance proposal. the funding proposal contains payment schedule that describes which dates, which milestones certain amount eth should paid out. please see the section eth funding for detailed description the fund contract. funding proposal contains least the following: payable fee eth details about the submitter(s) brief description linking the proposal dcorp discussion payment schedule bytecode proposals exception will made for proposal execute generic bytecode. such proposal needs approved the board directors first. shareholders can then vote the proposal's execution. seed project the core team (see also section team) committed the development the seed projects described below. the decentralized derivative exchange project contract owned dcorp and hosted decentralized.it. the ultimate power lies with the dcorp shareholders. derivatives allow investors and speculators participate the turbulent cryptocurrency markets with the financial tools they know and trust. the ability enter into trustless derivative contracts enables protection (hedging) against exposure (speculation with) substantial price fluctuations. derivatives are common phenomenon and according the economist the total derivatives market amounted approximately trillion (eur trillion) and the size the market traded exchanges totaled additional trillion (eur. trillion). below follows brief description the derivatives exchange. the project's white paper will published dcorp's forum for review and input from its shareholders. derivatives exchange the derivatives exchange exists the ethereum blockchain the form series smart contracts and allows participants anonymously enter into trustless option future contract. participants use the user-friendly interface, hosted dcorp.it interact with the exchange. new derivative contract can deployed quickly the buying supplying party. the exchange decentralized, operates autonomous and its source public that anyone can review any time. participants can safely send funds derivative contract because the contract trusted much the ethereum network trusted. derivative contracts are trustless and execute according the immutable rules programmed into them. this means that the seller and buyer(s) not need know trust each other and that there need for market makers, banks other third parties. request deployment derivative contract (including premium), deployed the asking party, represents request that can funded any participant anonymously and safely. once funded, the premium (minus fee for dcorp) released the supplying party. the asking party gains the execution right and the right trade the derivative and when appropriate (see also section trading). before the contract funded, the asking party has the option cancel the request and recover the premium (reduced the fee for the exchange). request deployment crowd the situation described above outlines the situation which the needs the asking party are met single participant (suppling party). match the needs the asking party better, the requestor can choose allow multiple participants (crowd) fund the derivative contract. each funding participant then receives share the premium, proportionate the amount the request that was funded the participant. depending the type derivative, the asking party can cannot cancel the contract after the request has been partially funded. for requests that cannot canceled, such futures request, the asking party can only cancel the unfunded part the derivative and recover the part the premium proportional the canceled part the derivative (reduced the fee for the exchange). offer deployment funded derivative contract (excluding premium), deployed the supplying party, represents offer. someone (buying party) who transfers amount equal the asked premium into the derivative gains the execution right and the right trade the derivative and when appropriate (see also section trading). before the derivative contract execution rights are bought, the supplying party has the option cancel the request and recover the deposited funds (reduced the fee for the exchange). offer deployment crowd the situation described above outlines the situation which the offer the supplying party must bought single participant (buying party). match the needs the asking party better, the offeror can choose allow multiple participants (crowd) participate the derivative contract. each buying participant then pays share the premium, proportionate the amount the offer for which the participant gains execution rights. the supplying party can cannot cancel the contract after the offer has been partially sold. the supplying party can only cancel the unsold part the derivative and recover the part the funds proportionate the unsold part the premium. trading depending the type contract, existing derivative contracts can freely traded. appropriate derivative may offered for sale its beneficiary. the beneficiary enters price and updates the contract via the userfriendly interface. soon buyer transfers amount equal the price into the contract, the execution rights will transferred the buyer. units account (erc) initially, the exchange supports eth and selected erc tokens available the ethereum blockchain (including drp). erc compatible tokens can added removed from the exchange dcorp. premiums and transaction fees are payable eth. the case where the token, which the derivative derives its value, not eth, the buyer needs make least two transactions order buy the derivative. such case the buyer must pay the premium and then transfer the appropriate token within time. the derivative will deferred until the time the first payment plus time. the buyer fails transfer the appropriate token within time, the premium will returned the buyer and the buyer forfeits the transaction fee. later stage, dcorp will release the erc compatible ethereum bitcoin (ebitcoin) and ethereum euro (euro) tokens further facilitate trustless buyers commitment (see sections ethereum bitcoin (ebitcoin) and ethereum euro (euro)). multi-token derivatives optionally, derivative offer can accept multiple tokens order lower risk spreading. example multi-token derivative the offer option contract buy eth for either gnt rep. the buying party must least transfer either gnt rep into the derivative contract gain the right execution, within the appropriate timeframe. execution, the buyer can choose execute the option with either gnt rep. any unused tokens will transferred back the owner. options option contracts come two types: call and put. option contracts can used hedge one party's risk and provide the other party with possible financial gain through speculation. call option contract gives the owner(s) the option buy the underlying asset within predetermined timeframe for predetermined price. put option contract gives the owner the option sell the underlying asset within predetermined timeframe for predetermined price. due the trustless nature the contract, the underlying asset funds and the premium (including any transaction fees) must deposited into the contract order make the contract binding. futures with futures contract, the buyer(s) commit(s) buying the underlying asset predetermined date for predetermined price and the selling party commits selling the underlying asset the agreed date for the agreed price. the initiator (buyer seller) can choose pay the premium ask for premium. due the trustless nature the contract, the initiating party deposits between and the underlying asset price, appropriate the contract. the deposited percentage matched the other party(s) make the contract binding. before expiry the predetermined date which the transfer assets takes place, participants should have deposited the asset price into the contract. only one the parties has deposited the other party loses the deposit and any premium the party who deposited neither party has deposited the lowest deposited percentage considered the full deposit and the contract executes with the new percentage instead. the case where one party has deposited higher percentage than the percentage with which the contract executed, the redundant asset funds are returned the original owner. futures with ascending stakes the semi-anonymous ethereum environment, promise not backed value has little worth due the inability enforce agreement. when entering into futures contract that requires deposit the date entry, currently impossible ensure that all participants will deposit the remaining the predetermined future date. this results effectively limiting the gains losses respect the value the deposited the defaulting party. requiring both parties deposit the date entry also creates undesirable situation where the leverage speculating parties reduced the actual value owned. additional undesired effect both situations described above that the futures contract always runs until the predetermined end date, even though one the parties might have decided early stage not comply with its obligation deposit the remaining solve these problems, futures contracts can require that the stakes increase the deadline approaches. continuing with the example described above, the duration the contract divided into terms. before the end each term, parties must have increased their deposits the appropriate percentage. the case where one the parties defaults increasing its deposit, the contract executed and the defaulting party's deposit forfeited the other party before the predetermined end date. this results relationship between contract duration and the maximum gains losses while minimizing the impact leverage positions. simplify, consider the following linear example: current stake initial deposit terms current term ((( variations the linear example can added the contract and can selected the initiating party when deploying futures contract. ethereum bitcoin (ebitcoin) later stage, dcorp.it will release the erc compatible ethereum bitcoin (ebitcoin) token further facilitate trustless buyers' commitment. the ebitcoin allows derivatives, that exist the ethereum network, safely derive their value from the bitcoin. the ebitcoin token's value linked that the bitcoin. dcorp.it achieves this always trading one ebitcoin token for approximately one bitcoin transaction fee approximately will charged). the ebitcoin token's value partly dependent its interface with traditional entities and does not enjoy the full independence tokens that not require such interface. ethereum euro (euro) later stage, dcorp.it will release the erc compatible ethereum euro (euro) token further facilitate trustless buyers' commitment and lower the risks price fluctuation. the euro token's value linked that the euro. dcorp.it achieves this always trading one euro token for approximately one euro transaction fee approximately will charged). deposited euro's will held third party bank account (derdenrekening escrow) the netherlands. under dutch law third party bank account managed notary. "notaries and bailiffs are legally obliged hold third party account" the euro token's value partly dependent its interface with traditional entities and does not enjoy the full independence tokens that not require such interface. support although the derivatives exchange operates autonomously, will actively supported dcorp's members and the core team. active support will, among other things and contrast other incentives, increase trust and thus usage. support tasks include: providing help through e-mail and message channels providing and updating documentation maintaining token ecosystem profit initially, transaction fees are equal paid premiums. the percentage may modified the contract owner. the owner the derivatives exchange dcorp and such change may made submitting bytecode proposal that must approved the and the shareholders. the derivatives exchange's profit, generated the automatic and autonomous collection fees, will transferred automatically and autonomously dcorp. dcorp distributes one-third (/) the received profit between its board members and the founder, the remaining two thirds (/) are added dcorp's balance. continuation and commitment long-term continuous commitment ensured allocating percentage the contract's capital the funding the core team (see also the section funding breakdown). additionally, long-term participation ensured the distribution collected fees between the and the founder. token the drp token crucial part the corporation allows participation the voting process and entitles possible dividend. ownership the token may transferred. the token complies with the erc token standard. the token not mined pre-mined and there initial balance that belongs the founder unsold. the token's value sufficiently guaranteed eth remaining the contract under the control the token holders. the larger percentage eth, acquired through the pre-sale, remains the token creation contract and undoubtedly transferred dcorp's contract when deployed, with approval the token holders. the remaining eth used fund dcorp and the seed project (see also the section funding breakdown). acquisition during the pre-sale phase, tokens can acquired exclusively through the creation contract (see also the section pre-sale). directly after the token contract ownership has been transferred dcorp (see also the section integrity and safety), the token can transferred and traded freely the open market, for example through exchanges. the shareholders can collectively choose issue new tokens means approved bytecode proposal (see also the section issuing) crowd sale during the crowd sale period, drp tokens can acquired transferring eth into the creation contract (i.e. sending eth the address that will published dcorp.it along with clear instructions). additionally clear instructions are provided facilitate the use btc (bitcoin) buy drp tokens. the crowd sale period will last for days. dcorp crowdsale tokens tokens per eth tokens angel day week week week last week crowdsale periods participants can acquire drp tokens the first hours, 'angel day', the crowd sale rate drp eth. after 'angel day' the rate decreases following the graph above. during the pre-sale period and until the transfer the ownership the token contract drp, tokens cannot transferred (traded). tokens can traded directly after ownership the token contract transferred dcorp. minimum for success the crowd sale partially considered success least bare minimum amount eth, equal eur, was raised. this case, dcorp considered funded and viable. the seed project (derivatives exchange) considered funded least the bare minimum additional amount eth, equal eur, has been raised. the situation occurs which the bare minimum amount eth fund dcorp not raised, all funds are refunded automatically set out the token creation contract. note that the refund procedure requires call the contract from the address used deposit the funds. the (minimal) gas costs are not refunded. issuing the shareholders can collectively choose issue new tokens means approved bytecode proposal (see also the section bytecode proposals). new tokens, that are issued least year after the pre-sale period ends, can acquired sending eth dcorp's contract while the supply lasts. the issue new tokens can used inject new capital (eth) into the corporation, for example accelerate growth. because the issue new tokens could reduce the value the token, the ultimate decision lies with the token holders (who collectively benefit the most from high value). core team incentive ensure long-term commitment, members the core team receive percentage over the total drp token amount circulation. the tokens for the core team are created the token contract that the total amount tokens increases. the incentive distributed three periods, initialized the moment when the ownership the token contract transferred dcorp, means shareholders' vote (see also the section integrity and safety). the first distribution takes place one year after the deployment dcorp. each following distribution occurs year after the last distribution, that the total incentive distributed four years after deployment. the first incentive distributed the core team members, one year after deployment, amounts the tokens circulation. the second incentive, two years after deployment, amounts the tokens circulation. the last incentive, three years after deployment, amounts the tokens circulation. integrity and safety order guarantee that the eth that was raised deposited into dcorp fund the projects specified the shareholders, actually deposited, the following strategy applied. initially the founder manages the token contract through the creation contract with limited power. the limitation power guaranteed transferring ownership the token contract the creation contract. the creation contract exposes the transfer ownership proposal function. the transfer ownership proposal function can only executed the founder, long the founder the owner the creation contract and not before the pre-sale phase has ended. when the owner executes the 'transfer ownership proposal' function, while providing address parameter, proposal created which the shareholders can vote. the proposal has deadline seven days after the creation date, which time the shareholders can review the proposal. approved, the 'transfer ownership proposal' will initiate the following: the mechanism that releases the incentive for the core team (as described the section core team incentive) enabled. ownership the token contract transferred dcorp's address (the address supplied parameter the founder). the eth, which the token contract still holds, deposited into dcorp. the event that the 'transfer ownership proposal' rejected, the procedure can repeated until proposal accepted. eth dcorp holds and manages eth behalf its shareholders. during the initial crowd sale phase, the eth held the dcorp token contract. simultaneously with the token contract's transfer ownership, the eth will transferred the dcorp corporation contract. dcorp uses eth fund projects, pay out dividend shareholders, compensate participants for their efforts and distribute bonuses. fund eth, used for the funding project, deposited into fund contract. the fund contract contains, among other things, the schedule and corresponding conditions regarding payouts and one more fund managers. the fund manager(s) decide(s) the conditions that correspond specific payout are met and is/are able release the payout. fund contract contains least: corresponding proposal the amount eth specified the corresponding proposal the payout schedule and corresponding conditions the fund managers (addresses) dividend ultimately, the shareholders what happens with the eth that held dcorp. due autonomous growth and development, deposits eth continue flow back dcorp. means governance proposal, shareholders can vote distribute (part of) the returns the shareholders. dividend paid proportion the number tokens that each shareholder owns. proposal pay out dividend must contain the percentage the returns that will paid out and deadline for claiming the dividend. execution the proposal, the amount eth paid out dividend allocated and each address that holds dcorp balance will updated with 'unclaimed dividend' amount. the time between proposal execution and the predetermined deadline for claiming dividend, each token holder required execute function order claim share the dividend. when the claiming period ends, any remaining eth (unclaimed dividend) returned dcorp and each address' 'unclaimed dividend' amount reset zero. rewards developers and managers may receive periodic rewards payable eth when their work and decisions result profit generation. reward payout agreements for the developer are immutable and recorded the deployed project. manager required member the and reward agreements are valid long the participant member. the case where manager loses the position member, the rewards are forfeited dcorp until the participant manages reclaim the position member. platform the dcorp platform consists web-based front end and smart contract back end. the front end modern web interface that can used navigating dcorp.it mist chrome (or any other browser, but simple instructions are provided for mist and chrome). the familiar bootstrap framework used construct the front end order ensure recognizable design. asp core combination with microsoft's azure platform used ensure speed, scalability, reliability and extensive logging. the back end consists dcorp's smart contracts. the front end communicates with the back end using web javascript api. users the platform are not required log supply personal data. active connection the ethereum network needed view statistics, the forum, funds and proposals. ether address required participate (i.e. write dcorp's contract) using the app. ease use the focus user-friendliness that everybody can participate. the app easy use facebook for example. team members have participated multiple usability training sessions and have produced applications that where successfully submitted for review usability experts ebay's daughter company marktplaats. the app requires active connection the ethereum network. easy follow steps, accompanied step step screenshots, will published using mist chrome combination with metamask. design straightforward design using familiar elements bootstrap. review the smart contracts that make the back end dcorp are reviewed before being deployed the shareholders. due the nature ethereum the code opensource. roadmap the following roadmap the most accurate can provide the moment. may june july september october december march april june *pre-sale announcement *release white paper *start crowd sale *end crowd sale *dcorp contracts sourcecode release for review participants *dcorp contracts deployment means shareholders' vote *dcorp token can now transfered and traded *asp forum release discuss proposals *ui release easily participate (submit proposals, vote, transfer dcorp tokens) *derivatives exchange contracts sourcecode release for review participants *derivatives exchange contracts deployment *derivatives exchange release funding breakdown the following model based the scenario where the minimum funding goal reached. updated breakdown can released after the ending the pre-sale phase. the funds raised with the crowd sale are partially used cover the costs involved the development and marketing dcorp and the derivatives exchange. however, the shareholders balance the eth raised with the crowd sale) remains the token contract. breakdown percentages bounty fund infrastructure and security general and administrative marketing shareholder balance (used fund projects) legal development (including ui) software licences reserves infrastructure and security general and administrative marketing legal development (including ui) software licences reserves shareholder balance (used fund projects) bounty fund team meet the team! click the name team member connect. are happy answer questions (in english dutch) and help welcome too! frank bonnet founder and lead developer dcorp. frank bonnet has nine years experience designing, building and maintaining countless enterprise .net applications. co-founder, developer and owner 'ds verzekeringen', insurance company the netherlands and many other web-based projects. ether enthusiast, investor both mining and trading. experience with developing contracts solidity using truffle and mocha. has business view and developer's mind. xcafacccccebdafdeec arliw neatprom web designer and software engineer with experience visual computing and matlab. responsible for the frontend development the ui's. studied computer science khon kaen university until she graduated arliw neatprom's creativity, experience with web design and determination are inspiration for the rest the team. xbecebcbfbfacaacacbf hansco leek stockbroker, entrepreneur, investor and co-owner founder autodealers successful automotive company) among others. early bitcoin adopter and investor, currently investing ether among others. the age hansco leek started trading stocks and soon found himself successfully speculating trading options and futures the trading floor amsterdam. realizing the potential the upcoming internet business, invested the money gained through speculating internet startups. after years experience, hansco leek believes dcorp and its decentralized derivatives exchange. bringing management and trading expertise, makes the team stronger and his early investment helps realize the project. xeafcdbcfbbae corben leek software engineer and network architect with years experience .net, windows, linux and vmware. corben leek has developed enterprise applications for the financial giants asr and krooimans and among others. long time entrepreneur and co-founder owner autodealers, blue.nl, autowereld.nl, slimverzekeren, dealerservices among others. corben leek's extensive experience with developing financial enterprise applications combination with being early cryptocurrency adopter make him valuable asset the team. xcdebdffafefecedfde marc van broekhoven energetic and versatile business technologist with broad yrs experience communications and industries. change agent. delivered countless innovative projects and services across business (sales, crm, billing and collections) and technology (upgrades, integrations, re-platforming) with companies like ibm, huawei, vodafone, kpn, t-mobile and mendix. proficiency engaging with customers and working with management teams across cultures. marc strong believer and adopter ethereum disruptive technology facilitating differentiating business and operating models increasingly flat and interconnected world. marc's strengths and satisfaction are helping customers successfully adopt these disruptive technologies (re)gain agility and competitive edge. xcbbadfafeaaca paul stoop paul stoop has over years' experience change program manager within the financial services. has directed several large-scale programs. now responsible for the digital transformation for listed dutch financial service provider. the rapid developments the fintech sector and the opportunities the decentralized organizations strengthen each other order raise the established order financial services. with his extensive knowledge software development, financial services and digitization, paul wants give boost this new world partner the dcorp team. xfbbfaffacedfddfed william rice william rice seasoned executive the technology industry offering over years experience digital technology, telecommunications and media both multinational corporate environments well with startups. creative and content-focused leader with the capabilities inspire and drive innovative concepts towards value. recent years, william has focused developing, marketing and selling solutions areas like: digital media media cloud services (e.g. transport, transcoding, workflow, storage) broadcasting, ott and online video social business solutions (e.g. social network analysis, social media analytics) big data, analytics customer insights blockchain for business applications automation. william hold master's degree psychology. from this background continually observes how consumer behavior changing, and determines the upcoming challenges and opportunities for technology industry. xdaacdfdbfeebfdebde maarten jansen maarten attended law school the university leiden where obtained his master's degree dutch law maarten has seventeen years' experience lawyer. his practice focuses corporate, financial and bankruptcy law, incorporations, restructurings, securities, asset and share transactions, business purchases and sales and wide variety contract drafting. maarten also regularly appointed the court trustee bankruptcies. xaeaffdbddaaeedbe ruud kleijn ruud kleijn studied physics (for short while) and ultimately completed business law cum laude. his first position was management consultant, working for several companies and government institutions. after few years switched his other passion: the law. these days specializes financial law (securities and derivatives) and intellectual property law. because his combination technical background and experience management companies, ruud often asked counsel start-ups and scale-ups with innovative ideas.