decentralized crypto token whitepaper content introduction supply and contribution airdrops and rewards program procedure development step launch step integrate step get strength step recover and continue step growth targets and times exchange listings stable decentralized untraceable secure cryptocurrency developing secure blockchain payments with our cryptocurrency via debit card one secret target roadmap terms and conditions introduction decentralized crypto token (dcto) decentralized open source cryptocurrency that based the ethereum blockchain. smart contract address: xccbdddcdfebfeebc for the first years will perform erc- token with the main priority listing with high volume, quality exchanges. long term goals include building and migrating our own blockchain with high privacy and untraceable transactions. the swap plan will token coin migration. after migration, will make our currency available for payments via revolutionary cryptocurrency debit card. along with the debit card, there will second major task that will development. this will announced the roadmap update supply and contribution total supply: ,,, dcto decentralized crypto token distribution exchange listings airdrops and rewards program reserves, blockchain development marketing development team reserves exchange listings ,,, dcto calculated over years listing fees, prioritizing quality exchanges. within years, should reach most major exchanges. airdrops and rewards programs calculated over years dcto monthly airdrops dcto increments tokens per person. reserves for special airdrops. dcto. (exchanges, voting, and specials). rewards program. dcto monthly increments dcto. reserves and blockchain development target years ,,, dcto blockchain development for secure, private and untraceable payments. token coin exchange. develop partnerships allow secure payments via dcto debit card. marketing dcto calculated over years marketing over various platforms including social media and online blogs and forums. development dcto development all project needs outside the new blockchain. calculated over years team dcto calculated over years payments team members based their workmanship, experience, throughput and dedication the project. reserves dcto needed additional airdrops needed depending the size and strength the community. airdrops and rewards program our airdrops will regular intervals, the announcements can found our chats and social media. initially, new community members our chat will get welcome present dcto per person one-time. requirements participate these airdrops are join our telegram chat and send one our admins your ethereum wallet address and link legit twitter facebook account that shows that you follow social media. the community rewards are rewards for active community members, came with something for everybody. telegram chat, social media and youtube rewards. telegram chat rewards will choose active members each month whom which will receive small bonus airdrop. twitter community rewards twitter rewards will dropped the most active followers. depending likes, comments and retweets. this chosen randomly our discretion. youtube rewards program make video about our project and send the link one our telegram group admins. will reward every video over minutes within hours. other rules for professional youtuber your videos have least minutes long and will rewarded depending quality, views and subscribers your channel. ratings and rewards will sent week after publication. procedure development step launch community building airdrops presale listing one decentralized exchange listing first centralized exchange step integrate apply coinmarketcap the end least beginning seo, advanced marketing and community building airdrops more exchanges, till the end step get strength community management medium sized exchanges partnerships events expand the team step recover and continue increase the community larger exchange birthday airdrop all holders step growth update roadmap marketing announcement and updates project targets airdrops and rewards exchange listings update procedure development targets and times exchanges most exchanges that pursue should come together within years. these will include some high-volume larger exchanges. are seeking quality exchange services with whom feel comfortable working together. stable decentralized untraceable secure cryptocurrency create good decentralized cryptocurrency requires lot time, tokens must distributed slowly and circulation for long time prevent price manipulation from whales. all together will take years make decentralized. after years, will circulation, after years will developing secure blockchain developing new secure blockchain mid will also require time, expenses and additional staff. e-commerce integration also part the project, plan use reserves and also marketing funds for these partnerships. once our coin ready, holders can change their tokens our new coins. plan launch our coin after years. payments with our cryptocurrency via debit card after the migration the new blockchain, dcto will begin research the design and development crypto based debit card. laws are not clear throughout the world currently and the market needs positive regulation this field. the future will show which company does the best work. then will look for partnership this direction. target within years. roadmap the roadmap begins with and will include the initial airdrops, launch dcto website, the token presale and the listing the preliminary exchanges. terms and conditions general information decentralized crypto token does not have the legal qualification security, dcto token are not shares and not give any rights participate general meetings the team. own tokens does not give any rights dividends interests. the team will continue their work planned. the sale decentralized crypto token (dcto) final and non-refundable. decentralized crypto token long-term project and will centralized the first years. create non-manipulated decentralized cryptocurrency needs time and solid trusted team. team members will receive regular intervals small rewards for participation the project. our community manager voluntary. team members are from across the globe. countries represented include germany, switzerland, spain and saudi arabia. the company will registered the united kingdom registration will updated soon. knoweldge required cryptocurrency's are speculative investments and persons which invest you should adult and also respect the laws your resident country. the purchaser decentralized crypto token undertakes that she understands and has significant experience with cryptocurrency's, blockchain systems and services. and that she fully understands the risks associated with cryptocurrencies, including storage. decentralized crypto token not responsible for any loss dcto tokens situations that make impossible access the storage exchange where users store their token. holders are required take care their token themselves. decentralized crypto token not responsible for any action omission the user any person undertaking the acquisition dcto tokens well the case computer breaches. you alone are responsible for your computer security and the storage your tokens. risks acquiring cryptocurrencies and storing them involves various risks, particular the risk that decentralized crypto token may not able launch the planed operations, develop its own blockchain provide the promised services. therefore and prior acquiring dcto tokens any individual should carefully consider the risks, costs and benefits acquiring decentralized crypto token and, necessary, obtain any independent advice this regard. any interested person which not the position accept understand the risks the activity any other risks indicated their terms and conditions should not acquire dcto tokens. this includes also the things that have nothing with the development decentralized crypto token. laws can change, strong regulations could come. the future unknown, please stay safe and protect yourself. important disclaimer our website and whitepaper should not and cannot considered invitation enter into investment. does not constitute relate any way should considered offering securities any jurisdiction. our whitepaper does not include contain any information indication that might considered recommendation that might used basis for any investment decision. the offering decentralized crypto token trading platforms does not change the legal qualification the tokens, which remains simple meaning, dcto not security share. are not considered any advice legal, shares, tax financial matters. any information the website and whitepaper provided for general information purposes only and decentralized crypto token does not provide any warranty the accuracy and completeness this information. decentralized crypto token not financial intermediary according some laws some countries and not required obtain any authorization for the anti-money laundering purposes. acquiring dcto shall not grant any right influence over decentralized crypto tokens organization and governance the purchasers. regulatory authorities are carefully scrutinizing businesses and operations associated cryptocurrencies the world. that respect, regulatory measures, investigations actions may impact dcto business and even limit prevent from developing operations the future. any person acquiring decentralized crypto token must aware the dcto business model, the whitepaper terms and conditions may change need updated because new regulatory and compliance requirements from any applicable laws any jurisdictions. such case, purchasers and anyone undertaking acquire dcto tokens acknowledge and understand that neither decentralized crypto token any its advisers shall held liable for any direct indirect loss damage caused such changes. anyone undertaking acquire decentralized crypto token acknowledges and understands that dcto does not provide any guarantee that will manage achieve it. they acknowledge and understand therefore that dcto (including its bodies) assumes liability responsibility for any loss damage that would result from relate the incapacity use decentralized crypto tokens, except case intentional misconduct gross negligence. representation and warranties participating the purchaser agrees the above and particular, they represent and warrant that they: have read carefully the terms and conditions attached the white paper; agree their full contents and accept legally bound them. are authorized and have full power purchase decentralized crypto token according the laws that apply their jurisdiction domicile. live jurisdiction which allows decentralized crypto token sell decentralized crypto token without requiring any local authorization. are familiar with all related regulations the specific jurisdiction which they are based and that purchasing cryptographic coins that jurisdiction not prohibited, restricted subject additional conditions any kind. will not use decentralized crypto token for any illegal activity, including but not limited money laundering and the financing terrorism. have sufficient knowledge about the nature the cryptographic coins and have significant experience with, and functional understanding of, the usage and intricacies dealing with cryptographic coins and currencies and blockchain-based systems and services. purchase decentralized crypto token because they wish have access the decentralized crypto token platform. forward-looking statements all statements contained the website and the whitepaper, statements made press releases any place accessible the public and oral statements that may made dcto their respective directors, advisers, executive officers, employees volunteers acting behalf decentralized crypto token, that are statements historical fact, constitute "forward-looking statements". some these statements can identified forward-looking terms such "aim", "target", "anticipate", "believe", "could", "estimate", "expect", "if", "intend", "may", "plan", "possible", "probable", "project", "should", "would", "will" other similar terms. however, these terms are not the exclusive means identifying forward-looking statements. all statements regarding dcto financial position, business strategies, plans, prospects and the future prospects the industry which decentralized crypto token are forward-looking statements. these forward-looking statements, including but not limited statements dcto revenue and profitability, prospects, future plans, other expected industry trends and other matters that are not historic facts, but only predictions. these forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause the actual future results, performance achievements expected, expressed implied such forward-looking statements. these factors include, amongst others: changes political, social, economic and stock cryptocurrency market conditions and the regulatory environment the country's decentralized crypto token conducts its respective operations. the risk, that dcto may unable execute implement their respective strategies and future plans. changes the interest rates and exchange rates fiat currencies. changes the anticipated growth strategies and expected internal growth decentralized crypto token project. changes the availability and fees payable dcto connection with their respective business and operations. changes the availability and salaries employees who are required dcto operate their respective businesses and operations. changes preferences participants decentralized crypto token. changes the future capital needs dcto project and the availability financing and capital fund such needs. war acts international domestic terrorism. occurrences catastrophic events, natural disasters that affect operations dcto. other factors beyond the control dcto. any risk and uncertainties associated with decentral crypto token and the businesses and operations, including the tokens.