white paper decentraland blockchain-based virtual world esteban ordano esteban@decentraland.org ariel meilich ari@decentraland.org yemel jardi yemel@decentraland.org manuel araoz manuel@decentraland.org abstract decentraland virtual reality platform powered the ethereum blockchain. users can create, experience, and monetize content and applications. land decentraland permanently owned the community, giving them full control over their creations. users claim ownership virtual land blockchain-based ledger parcels. landowners control what content published their portion land, which identified set cartesian coordinates (x,y). contents can range from static scenes interactive systems such games. land non-fungible, transferrable, scarce digital asset stored ethereum smart contract. can acquired spending erc token called mana. mana can also used make in-world purchases digital goods and services. people are spending increasingly more time virtual worlds, for both leisure and work. this occurs predominantly interfaces such the web and mobile phones. but traversable world adds immersive component well adjacency other content, enabling physical clusters communities. unlike other virtual worlds and social networks, decentraland not controlled centralized organization. there single agent with the power modify the rules the software, contents land, economics the currency, prevent others from accessing the world. decentraland this document lays out the philosophical underpinnings, technical foundations, and economic mechanisms decentraland. the state mobile, flurry analytics blog. https://flurrymobile.tumblr.com/post/ would like thank the following reviewers, whose contributions and feedback made this document possible: jake brukhman (founder, coinfund) luis cuende (project lead, aragon) simon rouviere (consensys) diego doval (founder nxt, previously cto, ning) michael bosworth (google) jesse walden (mediachain/spotify) chris burniske (ex ark invest) guillermo rauch (ceo, zeit) joe urgo (co-founder, districtx) david wachsman (wachsman pr) jon choi (dropbox) decentraland allen hsu table contents decentraland introduction rationale history traversable world foundations for in-world economy use cases architecture consensus layer content distribution layer real-time layer payment channels identity system economy land and the mana token fostering the network challenge summary introduction decentraland provides infrastructure support shared virtual world, also known metaverse. consists decentralized ledger for land ownership, protocol for describing the content each land parcel, and peer-to-peer network for user interactions. rationale the development large proprietary platforms, such facebook, has allowed hundreds millions users gather, interact, share content, and play games. their network effects helped cultivate vast online communities and gaming companies. these platforms, controlled centralized organizations, manage the network's rules and content flow, while extracting significant revenue from the communities and content creators who drive traffic the platforms. decentraland aims establish network that allows its content creators own and capture the full value their contributions. the current team began working decentraland the time, the adoption cryptoassets was still its infancy, much the blockchain-based infrastructure necessary for consumer-oriented platform was lacking. since then, the rate consumer adoption and infrastructure creation has exploded. for instance, july coinbase alone reached million user accounts, with half these added over the past months. this growth has given rise pool users large enough fuel the decentralized commerce that will take place virtual world like decentraland. while blockchain infrastructure, spearheaded ethereum, now more widely available, the lack efficient method quickly process micropayments constrains the throughput network transactions. introduction the maturation cryptocurrencies global, instant, and low cost payment method still evolving. payment transactions will need occur off-chain achieve short- medium-term scalability blockchain payment networks. solutions such bitcoin's lightning network ethereum's state channels are the verge enabling fast, global payment system with low fees. "the metaverse". wikipedia. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/metaverse http://www.kccllc.net/thq/document/ https://www.coinbase.com/about "lightning apps and the emerging developer ecosystem lnd". lightning network's blog. http://lightning.community/software/lnd/lightning////emerging-lightning-developer-ecosystem/ "sprites: payment channels that faster than lightning". miller, bentov, kumaresan, mccorry, https://arxiv.org/pdf/..pdf more centralized solutions can work today, although the expense operability with other systems, privacy, and standardization. decentraland built the premise that low cost, direct payments between content creators and users will radically change internet commerce. history decentraland began proof concept for allocating ownership digital real estate users blockchain. this digital real estate was initially implemented pixel infinite grid, where each pixel contained metadata identifying the owner and describing the pixel's color. the experiment was entitled decentraland's stone age. figure stone age. visual representation the blockchain state. users could mine, transfer, and change the color pixels they own. late the team started developing the bronze age, virtual world divided into land parcels. the owner each parcel was able associate with hash reference file, using modified bitcoin blockchain. from this reference, users exploring the virtual world could use distributed hash table (dht) and bittorrent download the file containing the parcel's content, which defines the models and textures displayed that location. hosted the first world viewer decentraland.org/world. any enthusiast can run node, download and verify the blockchain, and explore the world following more advanced instructions. introduction figure bronze age. structures created the community around the genesis parcel, located coordinates (,) "near-zero fee transactions with hub-and-spoke micropayments". peter todd, bitcoin-development mailing list, december https://www.mail-archive.com/bitcoin-development@lists.sourceforge.net/msg.html https://github.com/decentraland/bronzeage-node#run-a-node the next version decentraland, the iron age, will create social experience with economy driven the existing layers land ownership and content distribution. the iron age, developers will able create applications top decentraland, distribute them other users, and monetize them. the iron age will implement peer-to-peer communications, scripting system enable interactive content, and system fast cryptocurrency payments for in-world transactions. communication layer essential for social experiences, providing positioning, postures, voice chat, and more; decentraland achieves this with network. the scripting system the tool that landowners will use describe the behavior and interactions objects, sound, and applications running land parcels. finally, payment system with low fees key developing economy the quick environment virtual world. traversable world the adjacency land makes decentraland parcels unique from web domains. new land parcels must contiguous existing ones. this adjacency allows for spatial discovery new content and the creation districts devoted special topic theme. while each web domain can have unlimited number hyperlinks other content, parcels decentraland have fixed amount adjacencies. additionally, the content adjacent parcels can seen from distance. for content creators, the establishment districts provides access targeted traffic; for end users, enables discovery themed experiences. users can travel through neighborhoods and interact with applications that they stumble upon. this discovery adjacency odds with having infinite land: that scenario, users would have hard time finding relevant content traveling through it. with scarce land, developers can acquire users purchasing land high-traffic areas. this will allow secondary markets develop around land ownership and rentals, already happening districtx.io. introduction foundations for in-world economy decentraland's value proposition application developers that they can fully capitalize the economic interactions between their applications and users. allow those economic interactions, the platform must allow three things traded: currency, goods, and services. decentraland will integrate core system that allows global, instant, and cost-effective payments between any two users the internet. cryptocurrencies allow for trustless payment channels established between parties, with low-trust hub-and-spoke systems already possible. https://blog.districtx.io/decentraland-districts-badab for services provided decentraland, are developing scripting system that enables developers program the interactions between users and applications. this scripting system runs exclusively the client side but allows for different data flow models: from mere local effects and traditional client-server architectures, interactions based state channels. developers programming will benefit from the availability fast, cheap micropayments, provably fair games, decentralized storage, and other features enabled the advent cryptographic techniques using blockchain-based smart contracts. foster the exchange virtual goods, economic incentives must place ensure the continued creation and distribution avatars, items, and scripts. because static content can arbitrarily copied, the user experience should empower social agreements that recognize original creations. implementing identity system establish authorship, users will able track and verify author's consent through cryptographic signatures. these experiments are already happening, the case rare pepes. use cases applications the decentraland scripting language will allow the development applications, games, gambling, and dynamic scenes. this scripting language will designed handle wide range capabilities, including creating objects, loading textures, handling physics, encoding user interactions, sounds, payments, and external calls, among others. content curation users decentraland will gather around neighborhoods shared interest. being located near high-traffic hubs will drive users the landowners' content. advertising introduction brands may advertise using billboards near, in, high-traffic land parcels promote their products, services, and events. some neighborhoods may become virtual versions times square new york city. additionally, brands may position products and create shared experiences engage with their audience. digital collectibles expect users publish, distribute, and collect rare digital assets issued the blockchain their creators. just occurs today other virtual worlds through online forums, these digital assets will traded inside this world through the scripting system and backed the aforementioned naming system. "rare pepe". fred wilson. https://avc.com///rare-pepe/ social groups that currently gather online forums, chat groups, even other centralized multiplayer games could port their communities into decentraland. offline communities could also find decentraland space gather. other use cases there are technical specifications what could built decentraland. therefore, other use cases could emerge, such training and professional development, education, therapy, design, and virtual tourism, among others. architecture the decentraland protocol comprised three layers: consensus layer: track land ownership and its content. land content layer: download assets using decentralized distribution system. real-time layer: enable users' world viewers connect each other. land ownership established the consensus layer, where land content referenced through hash the file's content. from this reference the content can downloaded from bittorrent ipfs. the downloaded file contains description objects, textures, sounds, and other elements needed render the scene. also contains the url rendezvous server coordinate connections between users that are exploring the tile simultaneously. figure shows diagram the steps the decentraland clients execute provide the experience shared virtual world decentralized way. architecture figure the decentraland protocol for simultaneous users decentralized virtual world. additionally, two other systems are key for decentraland's economy develop: payment channel infrastructure for fast payments with low fees. identity system that allows users establish ownership over original creations. consensus layer decentraland will use ethereum smart contract maintain ledger ownership for land parcels the virtual world. call these non-fungible digital assets land: each land has unique (x, coordinates, owner, and reference the content description file, which encodes what the landowner wants serve there. decentraland clients will connect the ethereum network fetch updates the state the land smart contract. land bought burning mana, fungible erc token fixed supply. this token serves proxy for the cost claiming new parcel. the land contract uses burn function destroy mana and create new entry the land registry. new parcels need adjacent non-empty parcel. content distribution layer decentraland uses decentralized storage system distribute the content needed render the world. for each parcel that needs rendered, reference file with the description the parcel's content retrieved from the smart contract. the current solution uses the battle-tested bittorrent and kademlia dht networks storing magnet link for each parcel. however, the inter-planetary file system (ipfs) provides compelling alternative its technology matures. architecture this decentralized distribution system allows decentraland work without the need any centralized server infrastructure. this allows the world exist long has users distributing content, shifting the cost running the system the same actors that benefit from it. also provides decentraland with strong censorship-resistance, eliminating the power central authority change the rules prevent users from participating. however, hosting these files and the bandwidth required serve this content has significant costs. currently, users the decentraland network are seeding the content without compensation and out goodwill. however, the future, this infrastructure cost can covered the use protocols like filecoin. until this technology becomes available, automated micropayments can used pay for quality service. the proceeds decentraland's continuous sale mana can cover these costs over the long run (see section .). https://ipfs.io https://filecoin.io/ the description parcel will contain list different files required render it, list services hosted the landowner, and entry point orchestrate the placement objects and their behavior. this document must declare: content files references to, blobs with, meshes, well textures, audio files, and other relevant content required render the parcel. these are specified that the client knows what contents the renderization will need, without any instructions how place them. scripting entry point the scripting system controls how the content placed the parcel, well its behavior. this enables applications and animations take place within the parcel. also coordinates behaviors such the positioning and movement objects, the timing and frequency sounds played, the possible interactions with users, among other features. interactions this allows the client connect server that bootstraps user-to-user connections, coordinates positions and postures, and enables voice chat and messaging. real-time layer clients will communicate with each other establishing peer-to-peer connections with the help servers hosted landowners third parties. without centralized server, peer-to-peer connections are needed provide social interactions between users, well applications that the landowner wants run inside the parcel. coordinate the bootstrap peer-to-peer connections, landowners will have provide rendezvous servers understand that users will not able see each other their parcel. architecture the maintenance these servers can incentivized the same way content servers. when lightweight protocols like stun can cover the functionality required from the server, the costs would fairly low. but for more advanced features, such voice chat between multiple concurrent users network traversal services, micropayments can used cover the operating costs. the social experience users decentraland will include avatars, the positioning other users, voice chat, messaging, and interaction with the virtual environment. the different protocols used coordinate these features can work top existing solutions like federated voip webrtc. https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc https://webrtc.org/ payment channels general purpose, public, and distributed htlc networks like lightning may least one year away from materializing, but low-trust hub-and-spoke payment channel networks allow for fast and low-cost transactions that can implemented today. payment channels are key for decentraland for two reasons: in-world purchases incentivizing quality service content and servers today, platforms mitigate the risk inherent credit card payments: users trust the platform, rather than the application, with their payment details. with payment channels, they could make direct purchases the developer with risk identity theft. some parts decentraland's infrastructure can paid for with micropayments. these costs include hosting content, serving it, and running protocols like spatial audio processing for multiple users. the marginal cost running applications decentraland for developers, given market incentivized servers provide the infrastructure, approaches its real cost this becomes essentially commoditized. however, order have barrier entry for incoming developers, decentraland will subsidize these services with the proceeds selling mana tokens. identity system decentraland's ownership land one kind identity system, where credentials are the coordinates one's land. economic incentives are also necessary ensure that the creators avatars, items, and scripts continue building and distributing them. since content can arbitrarily copied, must rely social agreements enforce retribution the creator. architecture social agreements can make digital scarcity possible. centralized systems, this scarcity defended the company that creates the platform. for bitcoin and other proof-of-work blockchains, scarcity enabled computational puzzle and the fact that mining blocks requires onerous economic sacrifice. decentraland can use decentralized identity systems create layer ownership over in-world items. this system must allow users easily verify the consent author linking public keys and signatures with human-readable names. projects like uport the ethereum name service can used this. social reputation also needed facilitate contributions the author. the ability incentivize content creation decentralized economies evolving quickly, with multiple projects working the space directly indirectly. potential solutions include mediachain, curation markets, rare pepes, and more. economy section make case for how the increasing adoption cryptocurrencies creates the necessary conditions for the emergence distributed platform for virtual world. below, introduce the utility land and the mana token, how their strategic allocation can help bootstrap the utility the network, and outline how the issuance mana will conducted. land and the mana token with the launch the iron age, are introducing two digital assets: land, the non-fungible parcels which the virtual world divided; and mana, erc- token that burned claim land, well make in-world purchases goods and services. the utility land based its adjacency other attention hubs, its ability host applications, and also identity mechanism. developers and other content creators will demand land that they can build top and reach their target audience. although every unclaimed land can purchased the same exchange rate mana land), land parcels are distinguishable from each other, potentially trading different prices secondary market due differences adjacencies and traffic. economy the other hand, mana serves proxy asses the price new parcel land. also, mana used buy goods and services the virtual world creates utility value for the token. https://www.uport.me/ the ethereum name system one the most successful projects this area: https://ens.domains/ http://www.mediachain.io/ "curation clubs: tokenizing incentivizing public funding with curation markets". simon rouviere. https://medium.com/@simondlr/ef http://avc.com///rare-pepe/ fostering the network land ownership acquired through erc- token called mana. this token will serve bring value into the network, and acquire new parcel land. mana can also used purchase in-world goods and services. order jumpstart the network, developers and content creators will rewarded set shop decentraland. the foundation will hold contests create art, games, applications, and experiences, with prizes contingent meeting set milestones. the same time, new users will assigned allowances, allowing them participate the economy immediately. these financial incentives will help bootstrap the utility value the network until independently attracts users and developers. challenges decentralized content distribution content distribution through network has two main issues. the first involves download speed: retrieving file from dht distributed peer-to-peer storage system has traditionally been too slow. specially, graphical application like decentraland, users will adverse using system that does not load the experience quickly. the second issue involves availability: ensuring that content sufficiently distributed around the network without loss. ipfs and the upcoming filecoin protocol are addressing these issues and we're looking forward when they become production ready. scripting scripting will the most important element used create valuable experiences for users decentraland. its apis will need secure enough for clients hold private keys and authorize micropayments frequently. ease-of-use also critical penetrate broad audience developers. challenges content curation the issue filtering content for mature audiences (like pornography, violence, gambling) difficult solve within decentralized network. expect market emerge here: with reputation-based approach, users could select one more providers whitelists/blacklists that track the type content being served each parcel. summary summary decentraland distributed platform for shared virtual world that enables developers build and monetize applications top it. the scarcity land, top which applications can built, creates hubs that capture user attention, which drives revenue content creators. mana tokens will used purchase land, goods, and services in-world. mana tokens will also used incentivize content creation and user adoption, therefore bootstrapping the first decentralized virtual world.