decent whitepaper matej michalko m@decent.ch josef sevcik osef@decent.ch november table contents introduction the blokchain era manipulation and freedom speech historical approach decent: characteristics advantages decent: who can use why decent: technical description use cases detailed procedures publishing example buying mining next steps conclusion introduction true innovation rare, especially the world media. more difficult determine which aspect media thrives for development most. majority mainstream media not truly innovate they are happy with their current business models. most the incumbents not provide many benefits the content consumers they could because lack incentives. moreover, having the obligation pass through third party access digital content unnecessary. traditional media companies medium, new york times daily mail choose what they publish and which authors they allow distribute their content through their fully controlled centralized for-profit platforms. similarly, many jurisdictions not provide freedom speech; people are prosecuted for expressing their thoughts. this white paper focuses the challenges and redefinition the way digital content shared and freedom speech enabled over the internet. propose decent: decentralized open source content distribution platform enabled blockchain and peer-to-peer technology. the blokchain era bitcoin presented satoshi nakamoto was disruptive change the way people look finances. providing efficiency (worldwide clearing and settlement within minutes) and cost-effectiveness (transaction fees few cents per transaction) compared the traditional banking system, getting massive exposure media. unfortunately, spite more than years its existence did not reach position could have attained mainly due the imperfections its architecture and design. one them the -transactions per second (tps) processing capacity which makes bitcoin hard deployed real world applications unable fulfil their requirements. for instance, visa handles about tps with peak capacity tps. https://bitcoin.org/bitcoin.pdf https://en.bitcoin.it/wiki/scalability#scalability_targets http://usa.visa.com/merchants/industrysolutions/retailvisaacceptance.jsp similarly, bitcoin blockchain size nearly (august with steep linear growing curve renders difficult distributed the future. inconvenient for most people forced wait for downloading few tens gbs data order send even tiny amount money. hence, bitcoin can understood pioneering proof blockchain technology concept that has some childhood diseases. blockchain, publicly distributed ledger transactions, has great potential the next big thing since the advent world wide web. various financial institutions are investigating this field, some them even have their own blockchain research departments blockchain technologies can help banks reduce their operating and infrastructure costs various domains application. providing seamless automation, clearing and settlement can run without any human interaction and under control indestructible set business rules. similarly, blockchain technologies enable banks' assets exchanged without third party validation. http://usa.visa.com/aboutvisa/ourbusiness/visatransaction.jsp https://blockchain.info/charts/blockssize?showdatapoints=false&show_header=true&daysaveragestring=&times pan=year&scale=&address= http://cointelegraph.com/news//bigbanksthatareseriouslylookingintoblockchaintechnology figure blockchain use cases blockchain has applications many other domains besides finance, illustrated figure proof ownership, decentralized storage, decentralized peer review are only few them. the world constantly discovering the immense benefits decentralized applications can bring it. manipulation and freedom speech nowadays most the media and content sharing places are private entities that decide whom and how their platforms can used. order publish content, one has agree with their terms and conditions and often loses proprietary rights the content. third parties can bowdlerize, manipulate even permanently remove parts even entire piece digital content posted creative http://nzgosepesazcuvqe.wpengine.netdnacdn.com/wpcontent/uploads///x.png artists. reddit twitter, facebook, examples those platforms. medium are typical some the countries, where freedom speech issue, keep eye the traffic and from the country, order prevent inconvenient content tag dissident servers people. online media need licensed and the operations are supervised the state apparatus. even western democracies where people are generally free express their opinions, the manipulation takes place the level unnecessary middlemen running the media. there lack direct relationship between authors and content consumers (readers, listeners, viewers, ...). moreover, authors not have enough opportunities monetize their work the existing content distribution platforms are too complicated dealt with. for instance, bloggers can either use the service third party provider such medium start their own websites. the former case, the bloggers are unlikely get financially compensated for their work, unless they are between the most rated ones the server. the latter, they would need get users their websites, which usually hard task and requires skills from multiple domains, such seo inbound marketing. later, they would also need find their own business models, such installing google sense and course agree with their terms and conditions use. those are the things authors usually not want deal with. their main job write (producing music, video, software) and not bothered with ads. online e-books' resellers, such amazon, charge tremendous fees for online book publishing and distribution. amazon's royalty rates keep the poor writers with the revenue paid readers, respectively. one can now see the non-freedom speech, manipulation media and unnecessary middlemen making profit author-reader relationship real issue. https://www.reddit.com/ https://twitter.com/ https://www.facebook.com https://medium.com/ https://www.google.com/adsense/start/ https://kdp.amazon.com/help?topicid=aflokerb historical approach the problem manipulation and censorship stems from historical reasons. the age print media, only few people and companies had access publishing and distribution content. that led imbalance between opinions, colossal manipulation and misuse the information distribution monopoly. pope leo started sell indulgences. the campaign was successful for some time. radical change came when ordinary german priest martin luther put document called "the ninety-five theses" the door wittenberg cathedral. thanks the word mouth and availability printing press got quickly spread within whole germany few weeks. eventually, martin luther's ideas against indulgences got serious traction all over europe this would not possible few decades ago without the guttenberg's century invention effective printing press. that was one the first major events that showed the benefits fast distribution information the freedom speech. similarly, some years later, ronalds, cooke wheatstone and morse's electrical telegraph was harbinger mass personal communication era. with the unique system coding allowed transmission any kind text information. the end the century, telegraph lines already covered all inhabited continents another disruptive invention was the bell's telephone that boosted telegraph system the domain voice communication. parallel, marconi and others' works wireless telegraphy enabled the transmission over air. this undermined the importance physical cables the only transmission media. any hard links were longer needed. thanks their invention, people were able listen either government owned commercial radio stations. http://www.bbc.co.uk/history/historic_figures/luther_martin.shtml https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/electrical_telegraph https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/electrical_telegraph#/media/file:_telegraph_lines.jpg https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/telephone https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/wireless_telegraphy although printing press, telegraph, telephone and radio were major advances the easiness access for everyone, they not provide any security layer, wax sealed letters polyalphabetic ciphers used hundreds years beforehand. besides military purposes, massive proliferation encrypted communication has not yet come. most people are not aware the consequences that non-encrypted online communication has. government agencies are buying data from software platforms, order pursue their goals. edward snowden's case only pointed out this issue. pgp encrypted emails provide only partial solution this problem due the lack scalability and user convenience. generally, holistic approach decentralized, non-manipulable, secure, trusted, efficient and cost-effective digital content distribution needed. decent: characteristics advantages there comprehensive solution the problems mentioned above, came with the idea open platform solving all them. decent blockchain based decentralized autonomous organization that will run with third party intervention. decentralized open source content distribution platform for creative people, authors, bloggers, publicists and the fans and followers allowing borderless publishing any text, picture, video music content. decent acting resourceful and independent unit. allows information sharing without any boundaries and restrictions. the platform dedicated the freedom speech. served the network and secured cryptographic and blockchain technology. sharing information easy and protected. third parties can control influence the content. main characteristics decent are: independent decent owned directly its users and will never affiliated with any economic, media political party. piece software that you can run. however, once people https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/nationalsecurity/nsapayinguscompaniesforaccesstocommunication snetworks////abcebdfefcda_story.html http://recode.net////encryptingyouremailwhatispgpwhyisitimportantandhowdoiuseit/ https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/decentralized_autonomous_organization download and start running it, its creators longer hold any control over it. similar how bitcoin developed, decent foundation updates and improves the code which open source anyone can see the changes made it. anyone can fork it, alter for his/her uses simply not update it. the whole power lies with its users. borderless our aim eliminate all political and geographical barriers the publishing segment, people around the world will have the same opportunity express themselves freely. thanks its nature firewalls are ineffective, since the content isn't served only from one but many computers the same time. therefore practically impossible for any organization government block it. stable decent fully decentralized and not dependent any single server thanks utilizing the blockchain. with single point failure the access the information boundless. fair decent platform every author starts the same level. they work build high reputation through the quality and engagement the content published. readers take into account author's reputation when deciding the content worth purchasing. the bottom line the better content, the higher chance for authors gain exposure and high profits. profitable readers can buy content directly from their favourite authors. there are cuts taken decent and never will be. developers are free build their own apps and monetize them their will. all without paying any hidden fees middlemen any third parties like media houses. spam free our spam-free mechanism makes the extensive publishing very expensive for spammers, while keeping the resources available for legitimate authors. secure anonymous authors can publish the content anonymously. the authors not want, one can reveal their identity. similarly, all the content shared via decent fully encrypted and available the people authors' choice: either paying ones non-paying ones. recommendations-enabled thanks decent recommendation authors and their pieces work get feedback from verified content purchasers. this feedback embedded the blockchain all the time and good authors can get decent reputation over time. decent: who can use why book, blog, podcast and video authors third parties, censorship, publishing fees. there third party who authors have deal with when they want publish. the phrase "get published" has meaning decent ecosystem. decent gives the power back the authors where belongs. completely you author decide what the price your book is. you can give for free, put price tag it. decent takes cuts from your profits, while providing the infrastructure for people find and get your books. free speech activists and supporters, whistle-blowers anonymous, ineffective national firewalls, censorship, content impossible take down. decent you can completely anonymous along with your supporters. thanks its nature cannot blocked firewall, because your content isn't served only from one but many addresses the same time. thereby, practically impossible for any government block. anyone who seeds your content shut down, there are many others who have the same content and share too. moreover, even seeders themselves not know what content they are seeding, cannot pinpointed any specific person server, therefore impossible shut down. thanks utilizing the blockchain practically impossible for anyone even the author delete alter the content any way. cryptocurrency miners, data centers make money, use your hardware more effectively, support free speech. you are already running data center mining operation, you can start "mining" dcts. many people realized with bitcoin, you get board the beginning you are for big bucks. you will also take part creating whole new way how data distributed across the internet. app builders lot traffic for your web android/os app, blockchain based system, open source platform. application programmers can implement decent protocol and make apps for traditional use cases create their own amazon, medium any other content oriented website application. programmer you can also find completely new use cases for it. thanks decent's transaction layer the content can both free and premium. provides you with stability and transparency thanks the blockchain and takes care the whole backbone data keeping, metadata, recommendations, bandwidth, etc., only you how you want the front end look. the whole code open source, you can change fork suits your needs. publishing houses, media oriented webs low costs, need for data management, infrastructure, transparent, low bandwidth requirements. online publishing company you can use decent your paas (platform service) infrastructure solution. your content storage, distribution and payments are taken care our platform. thanks utilizing public ledger, all completely transparent. all you need program your own app web interface. data center providers low costs, high transparency, paai. decent used paai (platform infrastructure) can completely replace the data center you need run for yourself your customers. this solution transparent, decentralized, all files are encrypted, stored more locations and can made available freely for fee. decent: technical description decent autonomous type decentralized application (dapp) enabling digital content publishing. has its own independent blockchain which public distributed ledger all the transactions that will occur since the genesis block (beginning the use decent protocol). decent has functional roles: authors: content makers, writers, music producers, etc content consumers: readers, listeners, viewers publishers: miners https://github.com/davidjohnstonceo/decentralizedapplications/blob/master/readme.md#classificationofdapp https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/block_chain_%database% https://en.bitcoin.it/wiki/genesis_block figure content consumer types one can see illustrated figure the type content consumer. content consumers are generalization readers, listeners and viewers. authors produce content and upload the network. publishers are the key element keeping decent network and running. the incentive for their time and resources are dct digital tokens, similar btc sent bitcoin miners. decent uses modified proof stake (pos) mechanism order achieve consensus various nodes the network. this based the stake space/time ratio provided publishers ("miners") and their cpu time spent distributing keys. https://en.bitcoin.it/wiki/proof_of_stake use cases think about the way media works nowadays. authors have through publicists, recording studios governments who determine whether the content can be, should good enough released. app builder one can see there are too many restrictions. decent offers app developers safe and secure way for their apps' users share the content freely. not only will provide direct reader author payment system through blockchain and data distribution. also includes the recommendations that secure the quality and popularity the content. the typical use case decent can publishing articles and stories, similar medium. the author uses the application write and organize articles add media files. when the author happy with the result, she presses the "publish" button. later the author can specify the price for the content, select part the article that will free read and add metadata. the application will encrypt the content, find the publishers (independent computers connected decent network running publishing software keep the network running and receive reward for doing so), calculate the publishing fee and after confirmation, will instruct publishers' computers download the content and broadcast relevant metadata over blockchain. once content consumers find the content their interest, they may notified that their favourite author has published new article, they will get recommendation based their preferences they will simply browse newly published content. they can choose download and read the "free read" part. and then they can decide buy the rest the article paying small fee specified the author. decent protocol processes the payment that will attributed the author and the content consumer's application will get the decryption keys for the rest the article. over time, the publishers will rewarded for storing the content and will get their fair share publishing fee the author has paid. https://medium.com/ everyone welcome build applications clients the top decent protocol with their independent business models. this will enable the authors share their content. can any kind digital content: video audio files, texts (books, articles, news) pictures. and actually offers all sorts possibilities and opportunities, for example: medium like blogging and publishing soundcloud like music publishing amazon like e-book publishing software publishing shutterstock like photo sharing electronic newspaper publishing costless academic paper publishing https://medium.com/ https://soundcloud.com/ http://www.amazon.com/ http://www.shutterstock.com detailed procedures figure decent flow diagram most the actions decent are performed adding transaction the blockchain. while logical chain events continues grow, every network node verifies and contributes the voting mechanism. publishing publishing process when the new content stored the network and information about spread among the community. the detailed process follows: author creates content the form computer files and selects two integers and such that m>. the author's application generates unique aes key and encrypts part the content that not "free read". the author's application selects distribution protocol currently bittorrent with distributed tracker the only supported protocol but more are roadmap and creates distribution package containing free read and encrypted content. the author's application splits the encryption key into shares that shares are required retrieve the key the author's application finds suitable publishers. one the possibilities utilize dht kademlia network and crawl the network for nodes that are ready store content given size while minimizing the distance between the torrent info hash and node ids. the author's application encrypts the encryption key parts created step with public keys the publishers assigning one share single publisher. the author's application instructs publishers' nodes download the content the same time. the author's application generates the content submit transaction. the transaction will contain all content's metadata, such title, synopsis tags, and network relevant data such validity, price, list publishers, and list shares encrypted for each selected ublisher. the publishing fee deducted from the author's account. depends the size and time the file should available. this fee used pay publishers for providing storage and bandwidth. also acts anti-spam prevention. publishing large amount content will soon become expensive. .publishers will download the content and issue the proof-of-retrievability transaction confirm the content has been successfully published. example fips publication "announcing the advanced encryption standard". retrieved from http://csrc.nist.gov/publications/fips/fips/fips.pdf http://www.bittorrent.org/ http://www.bittorrent.org/beps/bep_.html shamir, a.: "how share secret". communications the acm, november volume number maymounkov, and mazieres, d.: "kademlia: peertopeer information system based the xor metric" http://www.bittorrent.org/beps/bep_.html shacham, and waters, b.: "compact proofs retrievability". retrieved from https://cseweb.ucsd.edu/~hovav/dist/verstore.pdf buying the process when content consumer decides buy some published content. has form contract, starting buying buying the process when content consumer decides buy some published content. has form contract, starting with promise-to-pay and finishing with payment from the content consumer the author when the publisher was provably delivered the content. the detailed procedure follows: the content consumer selects content they wish buy and their application downloads the distribution package using the chosen protocol, i.e. forming the magnet link using the info hash and downloading means bittorrent with distributed tracker. the content consumer's application generates request-to-buy transaction. this transaction will effectively block the required amount tokens from their account. the publishers' nodes see the request-to-buy the blockchain. they will decrypt the respective share (from the content_submit transaction) with their private key and encrypt again with content onsumer's public key. the publishers' nodes will generate delivery keys transaction containing the share encrypted with consumer's key and proof-of-delivery. when there are enough shares delivered through the blockchain: the publisher will pay the author from the reserved amount and assign part the newly generated tokens the ublishers for providing the keys; and the content consumer will decrypt the shares with their private key, reconstruct the decryption key and decrypt the content. finally, the content consumer can rate the content submitting rating transaction into the blockchain. these transactions can collected different rating and classification engines and used generate various recommendations for the content consumers. mining when publisher generates the block using pos, she will: verify all transactions, including proof-of-retrievability and proof-of-delivery. distribute payments the author (see buying process). distribute payments from the publishing fee the publishers based the stored content (proof-of-retrievablity). distribute payments from the newly generated tokens the publishers based the delivered keys (see buying process). keep part the distributed tokens for themselves. figure decent app diagram figure illustrates holistic view decent network. content consumers have access rating client, transaction engine, embedded torrent client with anonymization layer, own wallet, local copy blockchain and locally stored content. next steps decent non-profit project supported decent foundation, which will never have financial benefits from decent platform. its main roles will the issuance digital tokens, holding developer tokens, management bounty payments and determining the decent direction. future development decent protocol will covered via the pre-sale more details about the pre-sale and updates this white paper will published soon. for more information, please visit http://decent.ch http://sale.decent.ch conclusion one can see that the market digital content distribution dominated oligopolies worldwide. centralized digital content distribution platform take unnecessary fees from authors and/or content consumers and have the ultimate right manipulate (or refuse publish) the created authors, according their terms use. decent offers blockchain based open source decentralized solution this problem, free use for everyone.