table contents chapter note executive summary mission statement market potential solution blockchain-based smart contract benefits for different participants dml token usage and mechanism governance future upgrade interoperability protocol evolvements dml team disclosure references executive summary executive summary the era rapid development artificial intelligence and machine learning, data quality and relevancy are essential generate usable applications high quality and accuracy for machine learning. compared publicly-accessible data, privately-held data are more relevant and timely for machine learning. these private data are usually untapped and inaccessible they are stored individual electronic devices such smartphones, tablets and computers. leading technology firms try access these private data when individuals are unaware providing free service them return. nevertheless, these leading technology firms can only obtain portion the private data, which are subset the massive untapped private data owned all individuals. decentralized machine learning (dml) protocol designed expand the reach untapped private data and unleash their potential facilitate machine learning development while providing economic incentives and protecting data privacy. machine learning algorithm will run the devices without extracting the data from the devices, which will kept within the devices. only the machine learning result will aggregated with outcomes generated from other devices form unbiased, comprehensive and accurate crowdsourced analytics and predictions. through dml protocol, both the private data and processing power for machine learning are decentralized algorithms are run directly individual devices utilizing their idle processing power. section executive summary www.decentralizedml.com the quality the algorithms critical data quality generate good usable applications and conduct accurate predictions through machine learning. with the belief collective intelligence, machine learning developer community will built means establishing marketplace for talented developers list their algorithms for sale. any parties, who want apply usable applications and conduct predictions through machine learning, can locate request suitable algorithms from the marketplace. innovation from the periphery are encouraged and enormous potential machine learning are unleashed through decentralizing the algorithm development. facilitate participations dml protocol, economic incentives and reliable environment are needed. with the aid blockchain smart contract, distributed trustless system created that connects participants the dml protocol directly without the need trust centralized third party. ensures participants, who successfully contribute their effort such allowing algorithms run individual data, building machine learning algorithms developers etc., rewarded dml tokens. dml protocol scalable decentralized infrastructure that aims connect potentially billions devices and tens thousands developers facilitate machine learning development while providing decentralized ownership data and artificial intelligence. many possibilities will unlocked through crowdsourced untapped data and collective intelligence. expect and support innovation from the periphery promote unconventional, ground-breaking and diverse innovations from all over the globe. such decentralized machine learning protocol too powerful controlled few persons, monopoly oligopoly, hence should owned collectively and allow mass participation through decentralization. the whole decentralized dml ecosystem will keep evolving. the ecosystem allows every participant equally and fairly contribute equally and fairly the machine learning development for better humanity. section executive summary www.decentralizedml.com mission statement mission statement our goal create blockchain-based decentralized machine learning protocol and ecosystem through: utilizing untapped private data for machine learning while protecting data privacy, connecting and leveraging idle processing power individual devices for machine learning, encouraging involvement from the periphery creating developer community and algorithm marketplace that promotes innovation build machine learning algorithms that match practical utilities, improving and correcting existing machine learning algorithms and models through crowdsourced fine-tuning model trainers, creating new dml utility token and leveraging blockchain smart contract technology provide trustless and middle-man free platform that connects potential contributors machine learning from all aspects. section mission statement market potential application big data for machine learning huge market potential existing data unlock massive market potential untapped private data utilize decentralized and idle processing power unleash creativity build algorithms and models with practical utility market potential application big data for machine learning huge market potential existing data unlock massive market potential untapped private data the internet and availability big data set are key elements that lead the recent tremendous development machine learning. the past decades, leading technology firms such google, ibm, amazon, facebook, microsoft etc. have already invested heavily machine learning research and development. with the increased interest and investment machine learning, established technology firms, startups and research companies continue develop and enhance the applications. this creates the need acquire more data and algorithms for machine learning. according the research conducted international data corporation (idc), expected that the revenue for big data analytics will grow from us$ billion over billion ibm also sees the huge potential machine learning markets and predicts market worth us$ trillion over the next decade. given the existing available data that each company has collected separately, the market potential machine learning and big data analytics are already predicted enormous. however, these existing available datasets are just tip the iceberg. the untapped private data, like the bottom the iceberg, being tapped and applied machine learning, its market potential and revenue generated can even greater than the current market forecasts. therefore, see massive market potential and significant advancement machine learning for our decentralized machine learning protocol. big data and business analytics revenues forecast reach billion this year, led banking and manufacturing investments, according idc, international data corporation [website], march https://www.idc.com/getdoc.jsp?containerid=prus through machine learning, ibm braintrust sees better days ahead, fortune [website], february http://fortune.com////ibm-sees-better-days-ahead/ section market potential www.decentralizedml.com utilize decentralized and idle processing power nowadays, machine learning often conducted through centralized computer cluster with limited processing power additional processing power can utilized run more machine learning algorithms, the market potential tremendous. currently, there are approximately billion smartphones and billion personal computers that are not fully utilized. this implies that there total billion electronic devices with underutilized processing capacity for machine learning. dml protocol can connect the idle processing power these devices and build decentralized magnificent processor for machine learning, the extra market revenue predicted generated can tremendous. section market potential www.decentralizedml.com unleash creativity build algorithms and models with practical utility large corporations are increasingly applying machine learning their business according harvard business review, global companies are applying machine learning anticipating customer preference, improving media purchase etc.. furthermore, the review also states that there can immediate benefits revenue generation and cost saving. giant corporations like amazon and microsoft see fraud, bad debts and costs are reduced while enjoying significant increase revenue and operational efficiency. see huge potential growth more companies can apply machine learning algorithms and models their businesses provided that the initial cost required acquire machine learning algorithms and models engage outsourced programmers build tailor-made algorithms and models becomes more affordable. foresee mass adoption machine learning the commercial world when the associated cost lower and when the prediction made machine learning more accurate. often only the large corporations can afford investing huge initial capital and resources build in-house machine learning algorithms acquire tailor-made ones from consultancy firms and apply their own businesses. therefore, machine learning applications are often only found some large international corporations rather than local medium sizes companies. our dml protocol the solution. harvard business review, https://hbr.org///how-companies-are-already-using-ai ibid section market potential www.decentralizedml.com solutions apply decentralized algorithm data for prediction deploy machine learning algorithm for practical prediction ... customers acquire algorithms from marketplace ... use smart contracts ensure governance among users ... decentralized architecture via decentralized node deployment distribute algorithm eligible devices ... distributing node identify devices for algorithm distributions ... auction mechanism prioritize machine learning sequence run algorithms eligible data owners' devices ... run algorithms directly devices without data extraction ... deploy algorithms individuals' authorized dataset share encrypted prediction results without data extraction federated nodes aggregate prediction results ... average prediction results federated learning ... validate prediction result quality against requirement report node produce final report store ipfs prediction report retrieval and smart contract execution improve existing algorithm via crowd informed fine-tuning distribute voluntary trainers for algorithms improvement adaptive test approach: common data control group federated node aggregate weighted fine-tuning update algorithm refining node form fine-tuned algorithm solutions aim create decentralized machine learning protocol and ecosystem, where customers, such corporate customers, research institutions, government and non-government organizations even individuals, who wish run analytical predictions can acquire appropriate algorithms from crowdsourced developers through the dml marketplace. with the aid dml protocol, the machine learning algorithms can run the untapped private data and leverage the idle processing power individual devices resulting more precise predictions. furthermore, the developers can improve their algorithm and its predictability the crowdsourced model trainers the dml protocol. apply decentralized algorithm data for prediction deploy machine learning algorithm for practical prediction ... customers acquire algorithms from marketplace customers, who wish conduct analytical predictions through machine learning, can either choose develop their in-house machine learning algorithms acquire readily available ones, which will built freelance developers and listed the dml marketplace. algorithms are categorized according different types businesses themes within the marketplace where customers can acquire the appropriate ones that fit their purpose best. afterwards, the customers need specify their needs and criteria such target segments terms geographic and demographic information. narrowing the scope, this enables the machine learning algorithms run appropriate dataset resulting more accurate prediction that matches the customers' requirement. refer diagram part section solutions www.decentralizedml.com ... use smart contracts ensure governance among users the criteria input, scope services provided each participant and rewards terms utility token i.e. dml token will written the blockchain-based smart contracts. the smart contracts will digitally signed eliminate default risk and connected among the customers, developers, and the decentralized nodes that are connected dml protocol. ... decentralized architecture via decentralized node deployment instead connecting the customers and developers directly all potential data owners' devices, dml protocol adopts decentralized approach connect the developers various decentralized nodes with different functionalities. subsequently, each decentralized node will connect multiple individual data owners' devices. therefore, massive number potential data owners can connected faster speed with more stable connection utlizing the processing power and network bandwidth the decentralized nodes. refer diagram part refer diagram part distribute algorithm eligible devices ... distributing node identify devices for algorithm distributions based the machine learning requirements stated the smart contracts, distributing nodes will identify appropriate data owners, who have granted access their data their electronic devices. the data will match the criteria and defined scope running the selected machine learning algorithms. these distributing nodes will distribute the algorithms, which will homomorphically encrypted, appropriate data owners' devices identified. for instance, the machine learning algorithm required run photos stored the photo albums, the distributing nodes will identify the devices with data owners' consents obtained allow algorithms run their photo album before distributing the encrypted algorithm these appropriate devices. section solutions www.decentralizedml.com ... auction mechanism prioritize machine learning sequence run algorithms eligible data owners' devices the amount token required engage the protocol purely driven the market. may depend the scope and how busy the protocol is. dml protocol will analyze the current protocol capacity and suggest customers the amount dml tokens required for processing that particular moment. the algorithm distribution and deployment sequence will prioritized according the amount incentives paid dml tokens. with the aid homomorphic encryption, the encrypted algorithms received from the distributing nodes can directly run the data within the devices. therefore, the intellectual property right the algorithms being well-protected through encryption. ... run algorithms directly devices without data extraction unlike traditional data analytics, which private data are transferred from the data owners the developers centralized hub for processing, dml protocol will facilitate machine learning algorithms run directly data owners' devices such smartphones without the need extract any personal data store the information elsewhere for processing. result, individual private data will well protected without any raw data leakage from individual devices. refer diagram part section solutions www.decentralizedml.com ... deploy algorithms individuals' authorized dataset share encrypted prediction results without data extraction with the dml application, data owners can authorize specific types datasets, such photos the album text messages etc., for machine learning algorithms run. only with the consent the data owners, the algorithms can run certain authorized types data the devices. since the algorithms are run directly the device, the data will kept within the devices without transferring any third parties being stored the cloud server. after the machine learning algorithms are run directly the authorized dataset within the devices, only the analytical conclusion the form local prediction results will encrypted and transmitted federated node via secured network. all individual raw data will retained the data owners' devices without sharing the nodes. therefore, concerns over data privacy are resolved data owners can stay anonymous and their private data will not obtained any third parties including developers customers. furthermore, non-public data located other applications such social media and messenger can used run machine learning algorithm too with the aid api and users' authorization. therefore, dml protocol not only gateway connect private data stored inside the device for machine learning, but also mean access massive amount non-public data stored within the existing networks. federated nodes aggregate prediction results ... average prediction results federated learning each individual device will transfer its local encrypted prediction results the connected federated node. the federated node will aggregate the prediction result with results generated from other connected devices formulate comprehensive prediction via averaging federated learning. refer diagram part section solutions www.decentralizedml.com ... validate prediction result quality against requirement prediction report retrieval and smart contract execution the federated nodes not only act hub collect and average the prediction results, but they also help validate the quality the results against the original requirements. the results not match the defined scope and criteria set earlier, the node will instruct the connected devices re-run the algorithms. once the report node shares and stores the final report ipfs, the customers can retrieve decrypting the report. the same time, the report node will automatically update the smart contract once stores the final report ipfs. report node produce final report store ipfs after various federated nodes aggregate and average the local encrypted prediction results respective connected individual devices, they will send the encrypted aggregated results the report node. the report node will further average the encrypted results processed individual federated nodes, which encrypted final report will then generated and stored distributed file system such ipfs. the smart contract will automatically executed rewarding dml tokens different participants performing their roles according the criteria and terms established the smart contract. the contributing participants include developers, data owners and decentralized nodes such distributing nodes, federated nodes and report node. the total number devices that contribute the final results are less than certain amount, the result will not shared avoid inaccurate predictions due small sample sizes and data privacy protection eliminating the possibility reverse-engineering. refer diagram part section solutions www.decentralizedml.com diagram comprehensive flow chart dml protocol and marketplace improve existing algorithm via crowd informed fine-tuning improve the machine learning algorithms, usually requires intensive manual resources fine-tune the algorithms and provide accurate responses train the algorithms. apart from unleashing the untapped private data for machine learning and building community talents develop algorithms, dml protocol also facilitates identify idle resources fine-tune and improve the machine learning algorithms with the aid vast community participating model trainers. through crowd knowledge and dataset, the algorithms can fine-tuned, trained and improved correcting the labels the dataset the algorithms. distribute model trainers for algorithms improvement when customers want improve the selected algorithms before running them appropriate data, the distributing nodes will identify participating model trainers, who previously indicated their willingness support fine-tuning and correcting machine learning models, and send the models these model trainers for improvement before running the algorithms those appropriate data. besides, dml protocol also facilitates developers, who simply want enhance their algorithms, distribute the algorithms the participating trainers for fine-tuning without the need compulsory list their algorithms for customers use. device owners, they can opt allow algorithms run their authorized data generate predictions, volunteer improve the algorithms through fine-tuning and training, both return dml tokens. section solutions www.decentralizedml.com adaptive test approach: common data control group federated node aggregate weighted fine-tuning update once the algorithms are distributed the devices participating model trainers for fine-tuning and correction, adaptive dataset with mixture common and private data will used test the participating trainers' response through questioning and testing randomly generated sequence. high-quality updates and correction the algorithm derived from the participating model trainer result will encrypted and transmitted the federated node, which will further aggregate and average the updates from other participating trainers applying similar approach federating learning. the results derived from common dataset will act control results, which will used cross examine with other individuals' responses and evaluate the accuracy participating trainer's response. weighting will applied individual training responses based result accuracy generated from the questions based common dataset. ensure the fine-tuning updates are accurate, which will enhance rather than worsen the machine learning models, cross examination across fine-tuning results generated from the common dataset different devices will conducted. results from poorly performed model trainers that not meet minimum standard will excluded statistically. while weighting based the result accuracy generated from common dataset will applied the overall updates from each participating trainer before fine-tuning the algorithms. section solutions www.decentralizedml.com algorithm refining node form fine-tuned algorithm after the federated node has averaged the fine-tuned updates and has aggregated the encrypted updated algorithm based the weighted updates received from their respective connected model trainers, the updated algorithm will sent the algorithm refining node. upon receiving the updated algorithms from all federated nodes, the algorithm refining node will average and aggregate the updates generate final improved algorithm. the final algorithm will encrypted and sent the distributing nodes for full scale distribution and run the devices appropriate data owners the developers machine learning job deployed but only refinement required. section solutions www.decentralizedml.com diagram algorithm refining technical flow section solutions www.decentralizedml.com blockchain-based smart contract smart contract for machine learning untapped data smart contracts for dml marketplace activities acquire algorithms for self business predictions crowd fine-tuning improve existing algorithms blockchain-based smart contract smart contracts are utilized trustless tools free middlemen facilitate the dml ecosystem. customers, who request for machine learning service, pay dml tokens run machine learning algorithm data owners' authorized dataset their individual devices. the decentralized nodes will facilitate distributing algorithms and collecting, aggregating and averaging the local prediction results produce the final prediction report; machine learning developers, who sell their algorithm the dml marketplace, get paid customers dml tokens; and model trainers, who correct and improve the machine learning model, rewarded, the customers machine learning developers, who solely want improve their algorithm for further use; section blockchain-based smart contract www.decentralizedml.com smart contract for machine learning untapped data the smart contract will run the decentralized nodes which connect data owners. upon the completion the job i.e. the final report produced the report nodes, the report nodes will update the smart contract. the smart contract will then executed, and the participants will rewarded according the terms stated the smart contract. smart contracts for dml marketplace activities apart from the data processing, the smart contract will also used govern the two market activities within the dml marketplace regarding the acquisition machine learning algorithms for various applications, and the algorithm fine-tuning and correction services provided model trainers. acquire algorithms for self business predictions the parameters this smart contract that will used govern dml marketplace activities will linked the dml marketplace setting. the contract will executed according the conditions defined under the setting. the condition includes the amount dml tokens that customers are willing pay for the acquisition machine learning algorithms for further deployment the protocol. upon the completion the final machine learning result report the report node, the smart contract will executed and automatically transfer the agreed amount dml tokens the developers. crowd fine-tuning improve existing algorithms similar mechanism applies the algorithm fine-tuning services conducted model trainers. they will rewarded automatically the smart contract upon the completion the final machine learning result report the report node the algorithm improved algorithm refining nodes. section blockchain-based smart contract www.decentralizedml.com benefits for different participants developers' perspective unleash creativity via innovation from periphery open market sell machine learning algorithms external source fine-tune machine learning algorithms data owners' perspective unlock economic value private data with privacy protection make use idle processing power certain data and device owner also acting model trainer customers' perspective reducing the bar for applying machine learning algorithm better prediction results with the use untapped data benefits for different participants developers' perspective unleash creativity via innovation from peripheral open market sell machine learning algorithms the current ecosystem machine learning and artificial intelligence development mainly dominated large corporations. they may either employ in-house developers seek external professional consultants develop the machine learning algorithms. developers working large corporations may subject hierarchical influence. they can only follow the bureaucratic corporation guidelines and hence may hinder their creativity build algorithms with better use. currently, may not easy for many developers sell market their algorithms buyers such commercial clients. even the developers can find mean market their algorithms, they may need pay high agency costs sell their algorithms. dml algorithm marketplace creates developer's community where developers have the capacity work freelancer build and market their machine learning algorithms return for incentives. innovation and creativity build machine learning algorithms are unleashed approval tech giants any other parties with vested interest needed. besides, better algorithms may also developed and evolved due open competition free market ecosystem. dml algorithm marketplace provides developers alternative mean market their algorithms potential algorithm buyers open market that are free from middleman control and costs. the transaction will executed smart contract with clear written terms and free from default risk. the algorithm usage will subject different type license conditions. expect the most common type licenses subscription basis for single use which requires minimal cost. the other hand, the algorithm will encrypted prevent unauthorized access the the developers. section benefits for different participants www.decentralizedml.com external source fine-tune machine learning algorithms data owners' perspective one the major challenges building useful machine learning model the lack sufficient training dataset and the manual effort correct the labelling the machine learning algorithm order increase the accuracy and the intelligence the algorithm. this because supervised learning algorithms often require analyzing labelled training data produce inferred function that can generate predictions and generalize classification based other unseen information. however, the processes test the algorithms and training the dataset for supervised learning can time consuming and can require lot manual effort conduct. unlock economic value private data with privacy protection through dml marketplace, developers have additional mean connect with numerous individual devices owners whom can support the manual exercises fine-tune the algorithms and trained the dataset without the need hire in-house limited resources. this another breakthrough and improvement machine learning connecting and engaging model trainers the crowd. through dml protocol, the economic value the private data unlocked. data owners are incentivized allow machine learning algorithms run their private data return dml tokens without leakage their private data any third parties. data privacy protected only the prediction results will collected and aggregated through the decentralized nodes while the original source private data will kept within their individual devices. therefore, data owners can participate the machine learning development with economic incentives while data privacy concerns addressed. currently, some data owners are already unknowingly sharing their individual data their smart devices. they shared the data through various means such social medial applications installed their devices, without any economic incentive and much attention data privacy protection. many data owners are reluctant share their private data due data privacy concerns, lack trust and lack incentives even they are willing contribute machine learning development. section benefits for different participants www.decentralizedml.com make use idle processing power customers' perspective the processing power our devices such mobile phone, tablets and computers are growing rapidly. the past decades, the processing power increases approximately according moore's law. however, recently see exponential improvement processing power smart devices with dedicated chips for on-device artificial intelligence and machine learning. while usually not actively use our devices the underutilized processing power can now used run machine learning algorithms and rewarded along with the private dataset usage. reducing the bar for applying machine learning algorithm certain data and device owner also acting model trainer while dml protocol design aims run and make prediction hassle-free and automatic way encourage mass participation, some data and device owners may interested walk extra mile acting model trainers through correcting the labels the machine algorithm their spare time., the effort contributes the machine learning development and earn extra dml token. currently, costly hire in-house developers seek external professional consultancy services build machine learning algorithms. therefore, only large corporations with sufficient budgets may able afford the research and development costs building machine learning algorithms. not surprising that large corporation dominated the machine learning field. dml algorithm marketplace creates open market that available for anyone acquire machine learning algorithms marketdriven cost that are free from middleman control and costs. result, even small and medium enterprises, research institutions even individuals may also able afford accessing talented resources from all over the world and acquiring the algorithms for business predictions other usages market-driven cost. furthermore, customers can request tailor-made machine learning algorithms for specific predictions without going through middleman the algorithm required not the current list does not match the exact required criteria. such, the marketplace could always meet the latest demand the market. section benefits for different participants www.decentralizedml.com better prediction results with the use untapped data the dml protocol and algorithm marketplace can help the customers acquire machine learning algorithms for their business predictions. they can also generate more accurate predictions applying the algorithms untapped data stored individual electronic devices, which inaccessible before, market-driven cost and free from middleman adopting smart contract. comparing traditional market research such conducting survey and focus group, prediction from the dml protocol could much faster and timely, unbiased, costeffective, more accurate and relevant. dml protocol provides powerful tool identify market trends and sentiments are learnt. with more accurate prediction trends and sentiments etc, customers could deploy and plan their resources more wisely producing and providing the goods and services that better fit the consumers' preferences and needs. other customers such political parties election campaign, after learning the latest trend the election, could quickly adapt and change their strategy marketing and promoting themselves geographically and/ demographically. section benefits for different participants www.decentralizedml.com dml token usage and mechanism major uses dml token utilize untapped data and idle processing power for machine learning acquire machine learning algorithms marketplace reward decentralized nodes the protocol reward algorithm trainer for fine-tuning algorithms user growth pool incentivize users extra reward contributors user growth pool generation mechanism the dml token utility system dml token usage and mechanism major uses dml token utilize untapped data and idle processing power for machine learning dml token paid the data owner contribute their private data and idle processing power for running machine learning algorithm the dml protocol. acquire machine learning algorithms marketplace apart from building in-house machine learning algorithm, customers could acquire machine learning algorithm from the developers our dml marketplace using dml tokens. therefore, talented developers are incentivized join the dml developers' community develop machine learning algorithms for real life applications. reward decentralized nodes the protocol dml tokens are used motivate the decentralized nodes with different functions such distributing algorithms, aggregating and averaging local machine learning result federated learning producing aggregated machine learning report. those functions are essential and serve part the decentralized processing power network machine learning. reward algorithm trainer for fine-tuning algorithms developers who wish seek resources train and fine-tune their models can pay dml tokens the model trainers. dml tokens are used motivate model trainers contribute their effort and time fine-tune the algorithms correcting the label the algorithm. section dml token usage and mechanism www.decentralizedml.com user growth pool incentivize users user growth pool dml tokens will created incentivize dml users early participate the dml protocol and ecosystem. data owners allow machine learning algorithms run their untapped private data; the dml token utility system data owners will rewarded from two sources, which driven the market demand using untapped private data for machine learning and from the user growth pool. encourage simplicity and mass adoption token and cryptocurrency, erc-supported wallet will built dml app keep the dml token other supported tokens. decentralized nodes which provide various essential functions supporting different parts decentralized machine learning; extra reward contributors addition dml tokens directly paid customers, data owners may earn extra dml tokens randomly from the user growth pool long they are connected the dml protocol. the data owners, therefore, will earn dml tokens from two sources i.e. customers and user growth pool. user growth pool generation mechanism limited amount the dml token will generated according the pre-defined decreasing-supply algorithm based the preset mechanism across time. the mechanism designed encourage early participation contribute machine learning development. therefore, the reward block designed with pre-defined algorithm that will decrease with time. section dml token usage and mechanism www.decentralizedml.com governance open source technology for system audit code debug self-governance through system audit dml participants encourage public contribution system debug governance open source technology for system audit code debug encourage public contribution system debug dml protocol adopts "collective governance" structure that allows and motivates any parties participate system and protocol monitoring, auditing and debugging. open source protocol, which the source codes the protocol are open public. therefore, participants the dml community can access, read, debug and audit the source codes. furthermore, open source codes allow any participants access, amend and debug the existing codes. encourage talents continuously debug the codes, they are incentivized with dml tokens. pool dml tokens are set aside distribute these participants who successfully debug the code. with the debug incentive mechanism, security the dml protocol will strengthened any bugs security leakage will fixed talents all over the global network. self-governance through system audit dml participants with the source codes open dml participants, creates transparency over the dml protocol any participants can audit the source codes check against our philosophy and mechanism such only local prediction results are aggregated without leakage original private data. rather than being governed small group people periodic interval, dml protocol will monitored and audited continuously talents from all over the community, which creates confidence and provides transparency users. section governance www.decentralizedml.com future upgrade interoperability flexibility upgrade and multi-blockchain compatibility promote dml protocol upgrade scalability and off-chain transactions cross-chain compatibility and interoperability future upgrade interoperability flexibility upgrade and multiblockchain compatibility treasure the knowledge, expertise and innovation every individual believe collective wisdom and intelligence, which our core value that motivates unleash untapped data and link them together create co-intelligence system. therefore, dml protocol designed encourage developers participate system upgrade future technology compatibility advancement too. compatibility with existing and forthcoming blockchain and cryptographic technology together with the flexibility for protocol upgrades are the key for on-going development and sustainability. therefore, dml protocol designed with flexibility upgraded and compatible with new blockchain technology, which will not confined any single existing ones. promote dml protocol upgrade encourage any developers, who have ideas improve the protocol proposing enhancement the existing one, through our protocol. will reserve financial resources motivate any developers improve our protocol. this does not only incentivize developers across the globe continuously contribute the maintenance the decentralized network, but also the forthcoming enhancement the protocol. scalability and off-chain transactions dml protocol designed with scalability feature cope with increasingly mass usage and heavy transactions load. for instance, may adopt off-chain method, such state channels, offloading non-core and generalized processes off-chain increase its efficiency and reduce transaction costs. section future upgrade interoperability www.decentralizedml.com cross-chain compatibility and interoperability our decentralized and open-source blockchain technology allows individual data and intelligence joined together create collective beneficial ecosystem. believe such decentralization approach should not confined one single blockchain platform. therefore, our technology welcomes and encourages all sorts blockchain technology adopted our protocol and various system languages used run their machine learning algorithms our network. encourage both adoption existing blockchain technology such ethereum and any other future blockchain platform. our protocol aims allow integration new blockchain technology the currently adopted ones without replacing overriding them. co-exist ecosystem that links and aggregates different blockchain-based technologies will created. likewise, for the protocol upgrade mechanism, developers are also encouraged integrate any new blockchain technology top the existing blockchain platform used dml protocol. the same incentive mechanism will deployed encourage variety blockchain technologies adopted. section future upgrade interoperability www.decentralizedml.com protocol evolvements initial phase: utilize untapped data create dml marketplace launch regular dml algorithms competition connect mobile sensors and iot devices future phase extend applications other programs future phase global self-initiate decentralized network protocol evolvements initial phase: utilize untapped data create dml marketplace launch regular dml algorithms competition the first and most important features for dml protocol explore and utilize the blue ocean untapped and privately-owned data for machine learning. our initial development stage, connect electronic devices from all over the globe reach the untapped private data through dml protocol. subsequent the release dml marketplace, dml algorithm competition will introduced, which creates distributed platform for crowdsourcing machine learning solutions. aims attract and motivate more diversify talents create machine learning algorithms with practical utility solve real life problems. level-playing field created for any developers disregard their background participate the competition., they can employ their talents, polish their skills and rewarded solely based their capability without any hierarchical interference. focus running machine learning algorithms the untapped data generate more accurate predictions through dml protocol. protect data privacy data owners, which one our top priorities and niches, sending local prediction results for further aggregating and averaging with raw data being extracted from the electronic devices. all the prediction results will further processed and consolidated collective basis, which will yield final prediction result. the dml marketplace also created with the view collective wisdom "co-intelligent". therefore, the data, algorithms development and fine-tuning algorithms are decentralized through our dml platform rather than being centralized controlled oligopolies. real life challenging use cases will provided for participants solve creating tailormade algorithms. winners will not only rewarded dml tokens, but also gain reputation winning the award and can market their solutions dml marketplace. section protocol evolvements www.decentralizedml.com connect mobile sensors and iot devices while initially focus exploring data, which has already generated and stored the device, machine learning development can further advanced through the real time and relevant data generated from the multiple sensors within the smart devices and other iot devices controlled the same devices. the distributed iot and mobile sensor network will bring machine learning development another level providing data that does not exist before very difficult collect for on-device machine learning. the use sensors iot connection will require data owner authorization and those data will not extracted from the smart device protect data privacy. future phase extend applications other programs machine learning applications only one the major use cases for dml protocol. with network that connects potentially billions electronic devices unleash the use previously untapped private data and their idle processing power, can extend its applications from machine learning algorithms any other types programs run untapped data using the idle processing power these devices generate any suitable programs and applications. aim truly unlock the untapped data within the electronic devices especially smartphones and fully utilize their processing power for the advancement artificial intelligence development. not only does the machine learning algorithms that generate predictions can run these untapped data, but other kinds applications and programs can also leverage the same dml platform applying the untapped data and idle processing power those connected devices. similarly, these programs can also marketed potential users through the same dml marketplace. section protocol evolvements www.decentralizedml.com future phase global self-initiate decentralized network not only believe "more good quality data, better result", but also "the whole greater than sum its parts". therefore, applying existing distributed data decentralized network for machine learning the initial step build the dml protocol ecosystem. smartphone extension our body, which performs extra pair eyes, pair ears well other sensors. also gateway for reach the outside world digitally through the mobile network and internet. the potential dml protocol far more than facilitating algorithms programs run directly these connected electronic devices through its decentralized network. ultimately, aim leverage the decentralized network that connects potentially billions devices all over the globe able communicate with each other. once self-communicating network built across all electronic devices, decentralized data collected can cross-checked and complementing with each other. therefore, the data set the dml protocol are more reliable, complete and with highest integrity for algorithms and programs run generate more accurate predictions produce better software applications. ultimately, the self-communicated network can self-detect and self-initiate acquire useful information scattered across the globe formulate valuable predictions with global impact that may beyond human imaginations. such, will the suitable time research and develop strong-ai powered the matured version dml protocol. section protocol evolvements www.decentralizedml.com dml team core team members bios advisors bios working partners dml team core team members bios victor cheung blockchain developer michael kwok project lead director victor obtained his beng software engineering and msc computer science the university hong kong. since founded technology companies with startup winning awards. full-stack web, mobile application and smart contract developer. michael founded the technology companies and winning startup competition awards together with victor. seasoned growth lead early stage startups, especially adept business development, digital marketing, search engine optimization (seo), social media and community management. prior that, spent over years private company serving technology corporations software development. proficient solidity, c#, javascript, php, node.js, mysql, mfc etc. his ability and the sense motivation makes him the most suitable person coordinate and drive the business development the project. section dml team www.decentralizedml.com jacky chan blockchain and software developer pascal lejolif machine learning engineer jacky full-stack software engineer. symphony communication which was acquired goldman sachs, built secure chat applications for wall street firms and then software engineer uber san francisco bay area. pascal started his career software engineer osis and then over years the technical project manager alcatel-lucent enterprise paris, france. then moved asia and was working consultant, managing projects bangkok and hong kong for the past years. afterwards, jacky co-founded kyokan labs and has been focusing improving the blockchain space. has substantial involvement metamask's new development, well the network visualization dashboard design with dfinity. jacky proficient javascript, python, go, node.js, angularjs, backbone.js, mongodb etc. the former chief technology officer alkia services, company specialize cloud computing, and cyber security services thailand. pascal veteran projects consultant and system designer. also obtained his machine learning certification stanford university. section dml team www.decentralizedml.com wilson lau machine learning engineer patrick sum system security engineer wilson the technical manager cryptocurrency mining consulting firm. also involved machine learning agriculture robotic system design, including hydroponic vertical farm that utilize machine learning. patrick accumulated over years information technology experiences serving the banking and finance industry, education sector, well semi-government authority. his various specialties about software development, system administration and security, project management, and wide-area network design the backbone the team. obtained his bachelor degree physics from hong kong university science and technology and proficient machine learning programming languages such python, mathematica, arduino etc. patrick completed his bachelor science (computer studies) the university hong kong and acquired the master business administration from australia graduate school management (agsm) section dml team www.decentralizedml.com advisors bios guillaume huet big data machine learning advisor michael edesess, phd machine learning advisor guillaume has years experience banking, consulting and business development europe, africa and asia. besides his mib obtained from edhec business school, guillaume has developed his expertise from online certification from stanford university, john hopkins, deeplearning.ai and through successful implementations. michael currently adjunct associate professor hong kong science and technology university, for which teaches postgraduate course including cryptocurrency. guillaume frequent speaker data science and machine learning. his passion leads him noticed actor the machine learning scene hong kong. michael often act discerning critic participate the finance and blockchain world. columnist marketwatch, affiliate the wall street journal, well south china morning post, hong kong, focusing global economy and cryptocurrency. received his bachelor's degree from massachusetts institute technology (mit), majoring philosophy and mathematics, then went receive phd pure mathematics northwestern university, specializing the fields stochastic processes and partial differential equations. his expertise mathematics shall provide the team valuable insights about the federated learning process design. section dml team www.decentralizedml.com roderik van der graaf blockchain advisor kyle wong, phd machine learning advisor roderik the managing director caldera pacific, growth capital investment firm based hong kong. has been the vc/pe space since and involved crypto assets markets since investor and advisor. previously roderik had career financial markets, where was equity derivatives trader bear stearns, hsbc, rabobank and deutsche bank along with hedge funds and market making firms. kyle received his msc and phd degrees applied physics from cornell university. the last years, applied his quantitative skills the financial markets roles like bond trading, derivative structuring and risk management. roderik holds beng aerospace engineering university hertfordshire and msc information technology queen mary and westfield college, university london. also chartered alternative investment analyst charter holder. since has focused his interests fintech and artificial intelligence. the founder and chief operating officer artificial intelligence hong kong and being advisor several start-ups. besides his strong academic backgrounds, kyle obtained his fintech certificate massachusetts institute technology (mit). section dml team www.decentralizedml.com scott christensen machine learning advisor steven cody reynolds blockchain advisor scott the founder and chief executive officer hanpa group, which utilize for high frequency trading. the former head north american equity derivatives trading abn amro bank n.v., gaining solid trading experiences from various positions including trader japanese index options arbitrage, merger arbitrage, exotic options, hong kong proprietary trading, hong kong private equity investment and futures statistical arbitrage trading. scott graduated university wisconsin with bsee. steve brings extensive leadership experience from the political, military and financial services spheres. his experience business development, communications, public relations, crisis management, and crypto-currency exchanges will invaluable the team. during his tenure with binance, steve was responsible for public facing community management the fastest growing cryptocurrency exchange ever. managed over growth users. his steady hand helped guide binance through period explosive growth and uncertainty while managing their english speaking customer facing communications and media channels. the founder greychain capital, steven specializes digital asset management for high net worth individuals. steve also active member various blockchain projects. besides the advisor dml, the advisor hybridblock and the head operations akropolis. section dml team www.decentralizedml.com matthew slipper machine learning advisor jesmer wong machine learning advisor matthew joined kyokan the cofounder and cto. knowledgeable software engineering and engineering management. matthew has worked extensively blockchain scaling solutions. currently leads team working implementing plasma and also contributes machinomy, micropayments library using state channel technology. jesmer has strong interest artificial intelligence machine learning with practical implementation data science for predictive analytics and data visualization and automation for the companies. matthew started his career perzo, which was later acquired goldman sachs became symphony communications. afterwards, joined wealthfront, where led the frontend team responsible for implementing new financial products top wealthfront's trading platform. was also the co-founder and cto spectrum labs, which provides ai-based trust-and-safety tools businesses with large volumes user-generated content. also keen blockchain applications especially orchestration data decentralization, machine learning, communication algorithms and insight extractions. strongly believes dml pioneer combine blockchain with machine learning applications. jesmer holds mba and beng (electronic engineering) from chinese university hong kong. also obtained deep learning nanodegree from udacity and certificate data science from general assembly. section dml team www.decentralizedml.com eugene tay marketing advisor eric byron business advisor eugene considered one the most versatile and innovative business strategists for startups asia. was founders various business initiatives and has positively influenced singapore's education system during such initiating "the alpha mind programme" which supported temasek foundation. eric has been working the industry for over years with diverse experience various roles. started working the entertainment industry and transferred field during his tenure with disney the us. his unique experience combining innovation with technology enables him excel the video game industry, which spent years with electronic arts (ea sports). eugene also significant influencer within the asian blockchain community and has actively engaged developing strategic media content for reputed projects such wanchain, quantsamp etc. founded cryptocentral.net, blockchain advisory collective that brings businesses the blockchain and supports the crypto community. eric holds bachelor degree computer science and master degree computer information systems. taught part-time computer science courses for several years the us. currently, the strategic advisor for accelerate coding bootcamps limited, which tech education startup hong kong. eugene graduated with honours from nottingham trent university with degree computer engineering. also the author supernatural confessions and beyond the classroom. section dml team www.decentralizedml.com fabrice fischer business advisor fabrice the founder and ceo blu, which artificial intelligence advisory firm that specializes disruptive innovation within the financial services industry. fabrice was working the financial services and industries asia, europe and north america the past years. during fabrice's tenure cfo sentient technologies the past years, the company encountered rapid growth and has become one the world's best funded platform. fabrice holds mba from insead. also received bachelor degree electrical engineering from university montreal. his expertise includes machine learning, neural networks, deep learning, evolutionary algorithm, natural language processing, image recognition and video processing. section dml team www.decentralizedml.com working partners section dml team www.decentralizedml.com disclosure disclosure this whitepaper being provided support the decentralized machine learning protocol. the technological, social and business structures utilizing blockchain and any other associated technology are continually developing and will evolve for the foreseeable future. accordingly, the plans, strategies and implementation details described this whitepaper will likely evolve well and, accordingly, may never adopted. reserve all rights develop pursue additional alternative plans, strategies implementation details associated with the decentralized machine learning protocol. dml tokens are being sold accordance the terms and conditions the token sale are available https://decentralizedml.com. for complete details, please refer the terms and conditions the token sale. dml tokens are utility tokens and are not securities, investments currency, and are not sold marketed such. besides, participation the token sale involves significant technological and systematic risks; the sale not open individuals who reside are citizens the united states, singapore, china and hong kong. the sale period, duration, pricing, and other provisions may change stated the token sale terms. the dml token sale involves known and unknown risks, uncertainties, and other factors that may cause the actual functionality, utility, levels use dml tokens materially different from any projected future results, use, functionality utility expressed implied the terms and conditions token sale. section disclosure www.decentralizedml.com references references daniel rehak al., model and infrastructure for federated learning content repositories, www chiba japan, frederik armknecht al., guide fully homomorphic encryption, university mannheim, gavin wood, ethereum: secure decentralized generalised transaction ledger, eip- revision brenda mcmahan al., communication efficient learning deep networks from decentralized data, proceedings the international conference artificial intelligence and statistics (aistats) fort lauderdale florida usa jmlr: w&cp volume v., jakub konecny al., federated learning: strategies for improving communication efficiency, university edinburgh and google, conference neural information processing systems (nips barcelona spain, v., jakub konecny al, federated optimization: distributed machine learning for on-device intelligence, google and university edinburgh, jeffrey dean, large scale distributed deep networks, nips neural information processing systems, john lalor al, crowd-informed fine-tuning improve machine learning ability, keith bonawitz al, practical secure aggregation for privacy-preserving machine learning, google and cornell university, maha tebaa, secure cloud computing through homomorphic encryption, international journal advancements computing technology, volume number dec massimo bartoletti and livio pompianu, empirical analysis smart contracts: platforms, applications and design patterns, universit`a degli studi cagliari, ponomarev and voronkov e., multi-agent systems and decentralized artificial superintelligence, moscow, satoshi nakamoto, bitcoin: peer-to-peer electronic cash system, vamsi potluru al, comertcloudcare: distributed machine learning platform-as-aservice with privacy preservation, references www.decentralizedml.com