deeponion white paper written the deeponion development team abstract our whitepaper defines the goals the project and examines deeponion's vision. conduct thorough assessment the current ecosystem cryptocurrencies describing the blockchain innovations which back this new cryptocurrency. also presents how deeponion seeks solve the flaws identified within the current system implementing our latest technology. secondly, give detailed explanation the introduction our core technologies regards their technical specification, rationale, testing, implementation, and deployment. lastly, provide clear path success outlining our vision for future improvement the deeponion project creating anonymous payment ecosystem that guarantees security and privacy. index terms cryptocurrency, anonymity, privacy, tor, smart contracts, deepvault, onion, deepsend. introduction deeponion referred hybrid cryptocurrency implements the proof work (pow) and the proof stake (pos) algorithm. the onion router (tor) protocol implemented and integrated natively within the tor network. this ensures the security and anonymity all peer-to-peer connections. the primary purpose deeponion protect the privacy and identity individual creating payment platform that instantaneous, scalable, secure, anonymous and untraceable. deepsend our hidden technology that was designed protect the identity and obfuscate transactions. payment primarily senders' payment with the implementation many layers security such stealth addresses, technology that safeguards the identity the receiver, the tor protocol was natively integrated ensure that all the connections within the deeponion are protected. deepsend also offers security and anonymity transactions mentioned earlier. deeponion minimizes the likelihood identification both legal and illegal entities promote the anonymity and privacy cryptocurrency users incorporating anonymity-centric networking protocols and industry-leading cryptography. deeponion also seeks implement deepsend and other innovative and proven blockchain technologies such stealth addresses, which would make difficult violate our users' privacy. deeponion makes the balanced research tracing the coin movement impossible throughout the deeponion network even with social engineering. the primary aim deeponion offer anonymous platform that operates over secure and private network. cryptocurrency users can now transfer their wealth freely without observation and scrutiny legal authorities and malicious attackers. deeponion's future vision deeponion seeks become premier hybrid cryptocurrency that guarantees privacy and anonymity its users introducing the novel blockchain technologies and improving the current state-of-the-art. the development has integrated the latest privacy standards into deeponion's technology stack. the latest tor protocol was incorporated ensure that the finances our community members remain anonymous and secure every aspect. have gone extra mile adding votecentral, voting mechanism that allows democratic and anonymous representation the future development deeponion. our belief that nobody should have their finances identity scrutinized financial authorities, government entities any other individual group because privacy inherent right. are working offer the latest technology that will protect the user's privacy. security technologies are dynamic and because they evolve over time, include variety actual technologies that would make difficult for both legal and illegal parties invade the security deeponion users. becomes very difficult for anyone breach the walls privacy because our massive protocols our network. this has been facilitated through the integration the blockchain technology that operates the deeponion network. deeponion always under constant development since evolving project that attempts meet the dynamic demands privacy, security, and technology maintain competitive edge the advancement cryptocurrency. the essential element that deeponion community; family that believes financial obfuscation and online privacy. the critical component achieving success deeponion project having core community and take pride the thousands people who promote and support such short period time. become stronger when work together and together, are deeponion. current problems cryptocurrency currently, bitcoin (btc) the dominant cryptocurrency with market share and market cap and billion respectively, despite the fact that experiencing inherent flaws. most fears the crypto-world are not only exacerbated wild price fluctuations, but also lack security and privacy the crypto-investors. our point the argument lies the elaboration what lacking bitcoin and other major cryptocurrencies such ethereum, litecoin, and ripple, and how deeponion seeks solve these issues. privacy and anonymity bitcoin built upon immutable blockchain, sha- bit encrypted that publicly available and distributed over decentralized network supported wallet users and miners. situations where human identity linked wallet address through commercial vendor crypto exchange, compromised irrevocably with regards privacy. the anonymity user can never retrieved without generation new one and loss the remaining btc linked the same address. this can compared having public record your bank statement indicating all available transactions that can seen everyone. witness the empirical demonstration this phenomenon event where individual considers exchanging bitcoin into the fiat currency through online exchange and vice versa. possible conceptualize typical scenario as: account with the exchange created the user who registers his her personal details that would facilitate the currency exchange. exchange generates the btc address which connected your personal identity. the funds are sent the user from their fiat bank account (or btc wallet) their identity verified exchange wallet. trade then performed the user unfortunately, the outcome the above process that your btc address that was once anonymous now linked irrevocably your personal identity. this implies that the exchange position exactly verify the number btc you have all the addresses (i.e. your newly created address and your once anonymous btc address). furthermore, they can verify whom you are receiving sending btc. circumstances where the btc required share the details their customers government bodies law enforcement agencies, then they also get know your identity well the number btc you have your wallet. the same applies the addresses the persons you have been interacting with over the past transactions. the recent wannacry ransomware outbreak that saw millions computer systems infected throughout the world one the empirical demonstrations the ability track this blockchain. the ransom demanded decrypt the files infected machine requested btc which made the wallet address public and also available for tracking. became increasingly difficult the following months for the responsible group exchange their btc for the fiat currency because the btc could tracked within the blockchain every time moved another wallet. given that this was criminal act, many would argue that positive feature but let's consider the following scenario which was perfectly legal. try imagine yourself during tender agreement but negotiating position. your financial investments could tracked your competitor obtaining list your contractors and suppliers through blockchain exploration, how would be? this would definitely undermine your negotiating position provides your competitor with valuable insights into your finances. could also result other outcomes such corporate takeover, outbidding and full disclosure your previous business relations and investments. for most businesses, this could catastrophic and perhaps one the primary reasons major institutions doesn't adopt btc because privacy fundamental principle when comes financial operations. (actually, information that mandated several jurisdictions). therefore, there clarity the fact that the level privacy adopted btc makes fully inadequate for mass adoption. can now make our conclusions the "anonymous" nature bitcoin that quoted often fallacy the eyes its users. anonymity another area weakness for btc anonymity since node traffic often sent fashion that unencrypted. the peer addresses btc are clearly visible internet protocols that present prime opportunity for consequently network interruptions and targeted attacks. this data obtained trivially any the freely available btc wallets through the 'getpeerinfo' command. considered bad practice and unsecured way disclose your computer wallet's public address involuntarily without having any adaptive security appliances (or adequate perimeter defenses). therefore, imperative action protect the address the client's wallet safeguard your financial assets well protect your personal identity. the anonymous tor addresses are some the implementations made deeponion specifically mitigate these risks. some the potential risks involved include the ability link the user's their wallet address and disclosing further the coin holder's identity. this could result intelligence-based attack that more sophisticated. scalability and speed btc demands that all previous blocks within the blockchain are verified cryptographically all nodes the network. this requires significant storage space and computing power regards the blockchain size (due the number transactions and age btc). also requires significant amount time that would allow processing the entire chain. btc solely relies the sha- based proof work (pow) mint new coins and process blocks. there also speed limit how the transaction takes place which proportionate the difficulty currently configured the design. single block present has high degree variability and has confirmation time minutes. most services often require minimum confirmations for verification. this means that send receive payment, you are likely spend least hours which rules out perfect payment system the modern world. misleading market cap the market cap for digital currencies can misleading cases where units that were included the calculation the market cap are not easily available for trade. the auroracoin the best example digital currency with inflated market cap. was reported have market cap more than billion but reality, the bigger portion wasn't available for anyone. another asset that has been accused overvaluation the xrp token ripple because the vast majority the xrp existence was owned the company. deeponion attempts solve the problem misleading marketing cap share openly the number onions mineable the public. million onions will distributed freely via airdrop the community. this forms about that have been set premined the genesis block while million onions the number that will mineable the public. cost transaction some cryptos including bitcoin and ethereum might the leading the industry but are too slow when comes processing for everyday commercial use. for instance, bitcoin miners can handle transactions per second compared the visa which has the ability process over during the same period. the resources required verify transactions bitcoin and ethereum are times cost-prohibitive. btc produces transaction fee that sums during the peak periods. this renders unfit for performing cheaper affordable transactions compared the latest booming cryptocurrencies such deeponion. deeponion's vision deeponion has solution most these problems since myriad technologies has been integrated into the core stack. the tor network controls the entire network (see which makes very difficult ascertain the identity user without compromising huge segments the tor network. this process that can interfered with further with the use vpn (virtual private network) solutions. this implies that the geographical position deeponion user almost impossible identify locate. the other hand, there encryption the btc traffic which the specific rationale behind proposition the bip this allows address linked the btc network determined packet snooping. situations where btc illegal your country's jurisdiction, could lead legal ramifications. furthermore, shows that you are using btc and discloses the people you are connecting to. this information every user would choose not disclose keep away from the eyes the public. deeponion will adopt various industry-leading standards from the field network security and cryptography offer security multiple levels. the diagram below highlights our multi-layered approach anonymity and security: smart contract security, application that enchance security (eg bisq trading, deepvault for document security) transaction trace obfuscation hiding (eg deepsend with multisignature trustless system) application layer transaction layer zero knowledge (eg zerocash, zerocoin protocols) protocol layer the onion router (tor) transport layer fig. deeponion's multi-layered security model integrate the tor protocol the transport layer secure and create anonymity the network traffic between the nodes. have included the addition the protocol layer (zero-knowledge proofs) our roadmap obfuscate the traces onion transactions every user but the sender. however, provide sufficient and non-sensitive evidence for the occurrence the transactions. the origins transaction will hidden further when implement our deepsend technology, based multi-signatures and completely trustless system. the final stage anonymity and security offered the application layer through the adoption services such marketplaces, decentralized exchanges and other services that only operate manner that anonymous, decentralized, secure and cryptographically verified. these measures will ensure that the multi-layered platform gives the absolute best privacy. (the confirmation all details will provided later date). the roadmap deeponion the deeponion roadmap illustrated (fig.) gives great overview features that are yet implemented within the project and their estimated period implementation. although our endeavor keep with these deadlines, not unpopular for project this scope and magnitude slip. mitigate these risks effectively, came with contingency plans and hiring additional members our development team when necessary. all delays will disclosed publicly any event that occurs. the features deeponion this section only highlights deeponion's features before provide more detailed analysis (section introduce the coin specifications deeponion, its fair process distribution and other details relating the formulation and tools support the deeponion community. roadmap july -deeponion pre-announcement (completed) -deeponion formally launched, airdrop details published -deeponion blockchain starts, mining starts -website launch (https://deeponion.org) -signature promotion applications ready people can sign for free onion airdrops -announce deeponion bounty programs (translation, twitter, etc.) -signature campaign start, first airdrop starts million onions will distributed freely about airdrops/distributions -deeponion forum launches -the release the official deeponion white paper. -launch mobile device wallets (android) -launch deeponion votecentral onion holders can vote new developments and bring own ideas for future implementations. -hiring public hero for more videos and marketing. -free airdrop/distribution completes, all million coins will freely distributed. -more exchanges trade-able for onions -more shopping sites accepting onions -deepvault web app -onion accepted games -deeponion trades exchanges -twitter campaign starts -facebook campaign starts -introductory youtube video campaign starts -release paper wallet and brain walle -the launch deepvault revolutionary one kind service. -our sem experts begin showing ads (new videos and content) people both new and experts full speed! -(popular search engines organic seo and paid marketing) and later: -support zero knowledge protocol -the launch deepsend our next level blockchain anonymity crypto world -supporting smart contract -main stream media actions -deeponion academy teaching the world about blockchain and cryptocurrencies -trezor wallet compatibility -smart contracts -and beyond the community will take the lead and define new features and the direction deeponion fig. the deeponion roadmap specification mentioned earlier, deeponion hybrid cryptocurrency with the pos and pow algorithms. its emission model recorded million onions more than years. here the detailed elaboration the specifications mentioned above; confirmations per transaction confirmations per block minted million onions will distributed freely via airdrop the community. this forms about that are set premined the genesis block. the number that will mineable the public million onions. rpc port: connection port: proof work (pow) proof work protocol that aims preventing cyber-attacks that could result multiple fake requests exhausting the resources computer system. concept that has been around even before bitcoin came into existence. proof work requirement that that defines expensive computer calculation well known 'mining'. serves verify the legitimacy transactions well avoiding double-spending. also aims creating new digital currencies offering rewards miners for the previous tasks performed. features; algorithm onion per block will the initial payout block target difficulty retargeting each block the payout the pow will halved each year until where remains onion. proof stake (pos) proof stake different way validating transactions while achieving distributed consensus. although serves the same purpose the proof work, uses different process complete its task. there block reward the pos system and thus the transaction fees are taken the miners. one the biggest advantages using the proof stake that has high energy efficiency compared the proof work. features; block target difficulty retargeting each block the interest pos will variable per year: year, the second year and the subsequent years. hours minimum holding time before the generation pos. why proof stake more preferred? doesn't require high electricity consumption keep the blockchain secure. not necessary issue very many coins motivate participation users the network because the lack high electricity consumption. proof stake allows for wider range techniques that deter centralized cartels from arising using game-theoretic mechanism. has reduced risks centralization because the economies scale are not major issue. lot money required attack the system because they will have allocate sizeable amount money when planning attack. they tend suffer the attack even they collect sizeable amount money because they will have upset the stability cryptocurrencies. algorithms just the name suggests, the algorithm utilizes rounds hashing combination with other different hash-functions (this includes prominent names such bmw, blake, jh, skein, groestl, cube-hash, keccak, and luffa.) all these make the most secure algorithms the cryptography the modern era. this algorithm benefits from high level flexibility allow for the selection specific hash functions. added advantage because the adoption new algorithms can done light collisions that have been identified particular algorithm. hashing functions its very nature are inherently more secure compared the sha-, traditional single algorithm used btc. emission model the deeponion's emission specification follows; seconds pow block target; which translates blocks hour and blocks day. initially, onion comprised every block. this payout that halves each year and thus the number pow coins that are minable will be: ...) therefore will the total number pow coins (this includes the million that were pre-mined block the generation pos usually occurs during the initial year. the second year will and all the subsequent years will estimated that the total number onions generated over the space years will million approximately. network model deeponion's network founded upon the tor network which provides method transaction that anonymous and highly secured. the users deeponion usually communicate via the tor addresses, e.g. bbebyhgfkjjzfd.onion. these onion addresses are usually self-authenticated which implies that the address itself gives cryptographic proof the service identity. this, turn, prevents attackers from spoofing the address. there multitude security benefits that arise when the tor integrated into the stack deeponion's technologies. includes; additional privacy the device that stored the deeponion wallet (your becomes untraceable and anonymous). cryptographic verification that affirms the genuineness the network you connect to. freedom from network surveillance and oversight the impossibility for your client being blocked particular address. tamper-proofing through encryption and enhanced communications integrity. distribution crucial for new cryptocurrency have fair distribution when looking for mainstream adoption. deeponion seeks meet this requirement offering additional bounty programme well free airdrops. [appendix contains the specifics the airdrop]. the reasoning behind this technique that most people fold. the holding the coin can emphasized with -week airdrop because owners who have received their airdrop previously gain trust the distribution model. this makes them wait until completion that their accumulation can maximized. the future rewards are offered the pos for people who are ready hold. new users are getting prime opportunity participate due the longevity the campaign which boosts the number deeponion users within the community who are holding onions. tapered emission the distribution airdrops ensures that the number airdropped coins increases the number participants also grows [see appendix a]. the holding large number onion occurs within the bounty wallets and development utilized when additional recruitment becomes necessary. can either extra developer venture advertisement. the collection bounties done voluntarily when the community members complete goals that have been set the development team. distribution this distribution model received initial criticism which hypothesizes situation where developer dumps their coins after meeting critical price. however, necessary put emphasis the method which the risk mitigated. million onion held the founding members deeponion. its percentage the overall onions distributed lies within the successive airdrop each week (airdrop completed the time ofwriting). there low current volume that prevents scenario where 'dumping'occurs. the airdrop distribution method facilitates holding which turn leads low numbers onion during particular exchange. this open-source project (excluding the currently secured deepvault that yet released due course). there will possibility working with minimal disruption given the skill set and size within the community. the work ethic the development team categorically denied dump this nature and the same applies the future vision deeponion's ecosystem. community the strength deeponion lies reputation and support its massive community network. most cryptocurrencies usually fall short the mainstream adoption because their lackluster promotion and small user base. understand clearly how essential the social aspect can from the time inception since the formation the community done with utmost importance. furthermore, introduced voting platform ensure that the future the project can shaped deeponion users. have created plethora supporting technologies and social media outlets ensure that this requirement fulfilled. our official forum the most notable and available https://deeponion.org. the platform boasts unique features that are not available other forum software and gas always been the heart our community. are also dominant other proprietary platforms such youtube, reddit, and twitter that are used our advertisements. the community projects also boast having large following which shows the great support our followers. deeponion has had extremely successful strategy and currently, have one the most popular and largest threads that have been established the bitcointalk.org forums. will continue pursue this social outlet because its level; exposure highly beneficial. most importantly, reflects the sentiments people towards the deeponion project and their willingness participation, support and involvement. forums our community hubs are the official forums for deeponion and are used promotional events coordinate our 'call arms' well social interaction platform. exceptional growth has been realized the official forums over the past months and one the primary rationales behind the continued success deeponion. you can get our forums https://deeponion.org and everyone free register. find out more about deeponion please visit our official website you can ask any questions you may have about our excellent, friendly community. most likely, you will surprised the number diverse and talented individuals incorporate into our community. you are always welcome part our journey success. stealth addresses the deeponion development team has taken the level privacy the next level introducing stealth addresses. the name suggests stealth addresses are used create address that cannot traced the regular explorers because protects the privacy the one receiving the payments. the sender and the receiver are the only sole parties that will aware the true identity each other (and just for the sender, because next time will create another unique address). however, other third parties the transaction will have hint about what transpired. deepsend has created way splitting the transaction into random nodes that would make very difficult trace the sender. this can only happen when all the transactions are completely untraceable. understand more about the stealth addresses, let's consider the following scenario; the recipient generates key pair (private/public) the recipient then allows everyone know more about the stealth address (public key) but keeps the private one secret. the sender takes the public key the stealth address and then adds random value that can generate normal address cool, right? next, they load onions into this address. the sender encrypts the private key (the random number from above) together with the normal address and puts this data into the blockchain (all this data appears gibberish other clients who not possess the private key). the recipient then uses his private key decrypt the data and voila gains access the normal address well the onions. benefits stealth addresses they add more safety, trust, and privacy the users. the destination where payment was sent can only concluded the sender and the receiver third party will aware any payments transactions that you received from other people. the blockchain cannot make correlation because you send and receive payments using separate and unique addresses. since third party involved the transaction, they won't know anything about the payments more there direct communication between the receiver and the sender. atomic swaps atomic swap another upcoming feature that doesn't require trusted third party when exchanging one cryptocurrency for another. trusted third parties used necessity the traditional cryptocurrencies when performing cryptocurrency exchange. this was done prevent one party from losing part their currency without receiving another currency return. from theoretical point view, the atomic swaps would create solution for the need decentralized exchange. although scalability may concern, the development team working hard enough ensure that everything put into consideration allow for more privacy when implementing this technology. smart contracts the support smart contracts another feature that deeponion plans have the near future. the smart contract hash time-locked and used the atomic swap system that the currency you need swap can delivered within particular duration; otherwise, likely canceled. this done preserve the atomicity for the swap occur none the currency will swapped. smart contracts this the pacesetter all the oncoming deeponion applications they are programs that execute what they were intended perform. the reasoning behind deeponion coming with the "self-executing contracts" allow normal contracts between individuals converted into computer codes. the same version then stored before being replicated the system that supervised computer network operating the blockchain. the outcome physical exchange value referred the ledger feedback. this entails receipt goods and services transfer funds. you find difficult understand the concept smart contracts, nick szabo illustrates vending machine- the first person conceive the idea the smart contracts. basically, you would put some token the vending machine for snack cup coffee. this situation, treat the token the cryptocurrency. this means that their parties involved the contract would have meet certain conditions before they can execute the contract. the application smart contracts can done multi- accounts that would demand certain number people agree for particular action performed. also, can used managing agreements between parties contract before the application details can stored. deeponion seeks address the inherent loopholes traditional crypto coins such ether and btc. typical example attack the dao (ethereum-based smart contract), where hacker carted away sum million ether. deeponion rolling out its plans the smart contract where will have anonymous (tor-based) self-executing contract that tops the crypto space. this will promoted largely the tor network ensuring that all details about contracts will visible all involved parties. helps shut down all forms prying eyes well the third parties. deeponion smart contracts are definitely something that our community will looking forward despite the uncertainties surrounding this upcoming technology. can visualized terms when the development scheduled begin well the implementing code. should act motivating factor for people who want invest deeponion because will certainly take the crypto-world storm. lightning network basically, the lightning decentralized network that enables instant payments across wide network participants using the smart contract functionality. our development team currently working towards implementing the lightning network that depends exclusively the underlying technology used the blockchain. possible generate secure network participants transacting high speed and high volume using real deeponion blockchain transactions. will backed the native scripting language for the smart contract. how works ledger entry created the blockchain two participants demanding both them sign off any spending funds (bidirectional payment channels). they ahead create transactions that reimburse the ledger entry their discrete allocation but cannot broadcasted the blockchain. their individual allocations for the ledger entry can updated creating many transactions spending from the latest output the ledger entry. the most recent version the one that will regarded valid and will enforced smart-contract scripting that blockchain-parsable. either party has the authority closing out the entry any time without any custodianship trust broadcasting the latest blockchain version. possible determine path that similar the routing packets across the network creating network the two-party ledger entries. script used enforce the payment that effectuates the atomicity through decrementing the time-locks (the whole payment can succeed fail). this results the possibility conducting transactions that are off-blockchain without experiencing any limitations. on-blockchain enforceability allows transactions made off-chain with lot confidence. this can compared how individual carries out legal contracts with others. however, person shows court every time they make contract. the smart contract can enforced on-blockchain making the scripts and transactions parsable. the court usually involved the event non-cooperation but the result deterministic when comes the blockchain. features the future transactions using smart contracts instant payments need worry about the block confirmation times because the lightning-fast blockchain payments. the blockchain smart-contracts enforce security without creating on-blockchain payments for individual transactions. the speed payments measured milliseconds seconds. low cost the lightning network exceptionally allows for low fees settling off-blockchain and transactions. this allows for instant micropayments and other emerging use cases. scalability will have the ability have millions transactions per second across the entire network. legacy payment rails are blown away capacity result many orders magnitude. will possible attach payment per click without the need custodians. cross blockchain the heterogeneous blockchain consensus rules can result cross-chain atomic swaps occurring off- chain. there high possibility making transactions across blockchain without putting trust the third party custodians. deeponion marketplace deeponion will have its own marketplace where visitors will able buy products services with onion payment method. this will game-changer will charge extra fees and sellers will protected from chargebacks and other scams. this marketplace will similar fiverr.com but only accept onion payment method. our main priority protect the privacy our users and this marketplace will exception. deeponion academy deeponion academy plans inspire and create the first step include new people and eliminate any barrier that can generate disruptive and world-changing technology the blockchain. the academy videos are aimed educating the masses increasing general awareness and expansion for the crypto communities. gives them the ability reach new people through the simplest videos that have ever been done since bitcoin came into existence. people can now understand more about the crypto world, thanks the deeponion academy videos. the market used dirty garbage that would pump dump people while the cryptos were heavily abused the short income dreamers. only through this education that people can end the problems and challenges they face from other leading cryptocurrencies. all crimes that were committed against cryptos including abuses and lies all happened because lack education about the industry. most people usually hate what they don't understand and that why deeponion saw wise offer skills and guidance whichever way possible counter negativity cryptocurrencies. the education project would the greatest gift for the crypto world since foster peace among our members and the entire deeponion community. don't look forward carrying wars, kill more people enslave africa and other weak countries but recognize them important individuals who deserve more dignity and respect the society and the word whole. set example and expect even better approach from future education projects during the adoption and expansion deeponion any public. examination technologies the strength deeponion rests its multi-faceted approach privacy and security which are manifested the myriad technologies that have been incorporated its wallet and blockchain. deeponion has integrated number common technologies that are also present other currencies (we adopt the current best practice). also boasts several proprietary solutions that offer additional anonymity, security, and privacy well further the state-of-the-art. necessary understand the common technologies that are shared all blockchain cryptocurrencies discuss this further. blockchain can effectively define blockchain "continuous list records that keeps growing" also referred blocks are linked and secured using cryptography. every block incorporates hash pointer that links the previous block, transaction data and timestamp. the blockchain inherently resistant data modification design. one the effective solutions most problems that face the existing financial systems utilizing blockchain currency. immutable public ledger provided the blockchain, comprising all transactions that have transpired the entirety the network. this enables verification any transactions because the inception the coin (with the privacy trade-offs that have been described .), which makes simple task the resolution conflicts. blockchain scalability essential understand the concept throughput because the blockchain considered continuous ledger that accounts for all transactions. the maximum throughput bitcoin transactions per second while that ethereum transactions per second. the reason for this limitation due the amount stored data the blocks (block size) records transactions that can stored every fixed block size i.e. mb, and the average time taken process the hash block before added the blockchain (block time). this can result btc transactions being completed more than hours. this fundamental flaw payment system that was supposed instantaneous. this situation has been improved deeponion many folds integrating the pos, faster blocktimes and larger blocksizes. this leads theoretical throughput transactions per second, detailed follows; the average size the transaction about bytes. the block size deeponion which means that each block has the ability hold approximately transactions. deeponion hybrid coin, mixed with pow/pos. average, the pov interval seconds but the target pos lot more frequent seconds. this implies that our theoretically combined block time seconds, illustrated (/). blockchain scalability for verification, checked the blocks for the last hours and this what get: block occurs nov block occurs th, nov this means; hours, have blocks which means that our average block time set seconds, matching our designed target block time. have one block per seconds with the ability handle transactions. this implies that deeponion capable handling maximum transaction rate of; tx/second. this almost times ethereum's throughput more suitable, scalable and effective for mass adoption cryptocurrency. the transaction speed deeponion can increased further the future implementation the lightning network technology []. not faster, this could lead the same speed transaction, compared the visa network (approximately k/sec). deeponion will the perfect payment platform due the fast speeds combination with the anonymity the tor network. cryptocurrency cryptocurrency digital asset that secures its transactions using cryptography and was designed operate medium exchange. also verifies the transfer assets and controls the creation additional units. bitcoin was released satoshi nakamoto the first decentralized cryptocurrency. decentralization decentralization the process dispersing distributing powers, functions, people, things away from the authority central location []. regards the crypto world, decentralization can defined the elimination central processing authority (much like the visa). every node the network, miner typically wallet) verified independently through process cryptographic hashing functions with every block within the blockchain. this approach has the advantage increasing the security levels the network and reducing the reliance putting trust the payment processor. you would have compromise least the network interfere with the process. probably, this might not have been feasible given the different operating systems and protocols well the global distribution nodes. every node has the ability verify new block which benefits the network. deeponion introduces the pos, taking this step further than btc which gives another form verification and mining. this leads the necessity having compromise larger share the network across two channels which effectively impossible. although the verification each transaction has maximum security, also explains the reason why transactions usually take long time compared the traditional methods payment. the lightning network one the technologies that offers approach solving this option scaling. however, you will reducing the security which reduces the number verifications every time transactions are taken off the core. complex problem determining the number confirmations security required and one that currently the focus various projects such ethereum and btc. deeponion innovation technologies section defined the commonalities behind all cryptocurrencies. also important introduce the novel blockchain technologies that will implemented deeponion meet the dynamic demands the cryptosphere. this involves the necessity improve anonymity and privacy beyond current efforts. deeponion anonymous coin that was built from supercoin with stealth transactions that are enhanced coin mixing processes. solid base provided supercoin which deeponion could built and improved on. the sections below will detail the novel blockchain implementa-tions deeponion and the reason why they were selected. tor tor can defined communication service that anonymous, has low latency, and based circuit. the original design has limitations which are addressed the onion routing system the second generation through the addition directory servers, exit policies that are configurable, practical design for services, ideal forward secrecy, integrity checking, and congestion control with hidden location through points that are rendezvous. tor requires kernel modifications special privileges because works the internet the real world. requires little coordination and synchronizations between nodes. furthermore, also provides reasonable tradeoff between efficiency, anonymity, and usability []. this provides ideal platform where build anonymous cryptocurrency. the idea proof stake was also precisely decided create safer and stable tor network. with the mass adoption deeponion, the tor network can expand new levels helping create powerful network that will make difficult for any person analyze the network traffic. the tor network will also include new relay codes with any deeponion wallet that connects into the deeponion network. therefore, the better the adoption deeponion, the safer the tor network and both technologies can benefit from each other. the tor network open source project that has undoubtedly bad frame around the world since media exploits any resource sell regardless whether they are totally biased. actually, the tor network the best way for many people heard countries where there total censorship means report criminal activities for journalists whistleblowers that cannot resign their privacy for obvious reasons. the new digital era making clear that privacy longer something that have. this because the new gold for them our personal information, without mentioning the number vulnerabilities that exist common networks vulnerabilities that can abused any criminal. deeponion believes that the tor network should used default least our privacy the internet should something that can't resign. essential that defend our privacy before becomes too late. currently, deeponion upgrading the latest protocol that will introduce the latest anonymous features our wallet that are most secure protect our users. also essential emphasize that all connections arising from the deeponion wallet are usually made over the tor network. your public address can never exposed any point. deepsend deepsend side transaction security feature that was designed hide traces transactions within the blockchain problem identified earlier with btc). this distinctively different from the integration our tor that anonymises and secures the network traffic the transport layer. number technologies that are comprised deepsend include; the zero knowledge technologies zerocoin and zerocash such zcoin and zcash coinjoin technologies either with the random mixers (e.g. supercoin and dash). cryptonote's ring signature such monero and bytecoin. each technology comes with its own advantages and disadvantages. for instance, you must mint and burn new coins that are unrecognizable zero-knowledge technologies since would require additional amount space the blockchain. currently, deepsend programmed become coinjoin and mixer technology that based multi-signature technologies that are trustless. therefore, they offer competitive edge privacy and anonymity. order conceptualize this idea, think the following scenario; person wants pay amount money person person chose make direct payments person then the transaction would publicly disclosed all (the current situation btc). the contrary, person will pay person who goes ahead pay person after iterations, person then pays the amount person this implies that multi-signatures guarantee all payments that were done both person and and neither these addresses connected individuals. the main reasoning behind this that person gives money person who later pays person with different address that unrelated. given enough iterations, makes very difficult reverse traces the transaction. deepsend sender randomly picks two nodes from his service node list, and request anonymouse service mixer and guarantor reply favorably the parties exhange public keys and create multisig address. they each deposit guarantee fund it. sender also deposits the send amount and service fees after verifying the deposits escrow, multisig distribution and multisig cancellation will created and sent each party after veryfying the two multisig tx, mixer will send the required coins destination, and send the txid other parties verify mixer will sign the multisig distribution and send other parties. sender will verify mixer's txid, satisfied will sign the multisig distribution sender will post the distribution the network. all escrows are refunded, the send amount sent mixer, all fees are paid, and anonymous transaction complete fig. shows deepsend transaction: obfuscation through multi-signature and coin join. deepvault deepvault allows members deeponion store hashes files (file validation credentials) within the blockchain. other terms, store immutable information held within the blockchain that allows members verify the integrity file over time. therefore, you will know that the file has been corrupted altered when the hashes file changes. this tool will also invaluable determining whether your essential documents have not been tampered with and that they are secure. obvious use for this feature legal documents allows the verification this document the interested parties, hence the content will not altered erroneously, maliciously through file corruption without the consent the person. consider this expansion smart contracts where validations integrity conditions are done through cryptography. video demonstrating all details about deepvault has been produced community member. for those who cannot view the video, manual also available []. deepvault fig. deepvault deeponion wallet deepvault highly intuitive and has been integrated into the deeponion wallet. novel feature that offers solution the simple file validation which has been the major problem. the processes file verification and hashing have been improved deepvault which provides several benefits that are simple use. they are; generation the file hashes done using gui that normally embedded within the wallet. the sha- the secure and trusted algorithm used the hashing process the file hashes are protected within immutable blockchain deepvault which keeps them safe from any alterations. the verification the file can locked the user thus preventing others from validating the file. believe that deeponion essential tool that facilitates our users protect and safeguard themselves the digital era. there are innumerable benefits that come with the ability verify the integrity our files and can applied almost every situation. the marks the expansion the deepvault and the deployment non-wallet based solution that will hosted the cloud. will allow the files secured web-based interface. will soon release all details. the upcoming deepvault web app will also allow the registration and verification files online. this will game-changer clients different fields that need blockchain notary timestamp service. the development team will also create api which will make possible create mobile app use the deepvault using your mobile phone. this feature unmatched any our competitors built from scratch and continuously being improved. the deepvault web app can found www.deepvaultonline.com mobile wallet the deeponion mobile wallet yet make its debut the android operating system. will offer functionality that similar the desktop experience (confirmation the final features will communicated) and will operate naturally over the tor network thus offering protection your identity while the move. deepvault essential feature the mobile wallet protects your documents even the fly. also offers natural application for safeguarding your photos. furthermore, users will position view their address book, transactions and gain access the votecentral. most importantly, they will position send and receive onion naturally. currently, are the primary stages hiring ios developer who will make the mobile wallet available the apple devices. the branding deeponion mobile wallet* will done accordance with our website for our community homogenous user experito have ence across all platforms. one the *essential elements our mobile wallet the user experience which will undergoing extensive testing that ensures the wallet offers natural feel any person irrespective their experience cryptocurrencies. fig. deeponion mobile wallet votecentral votecentral voting platform that open all and was founded upon the blockchain technologies that will allow voting the deeponion community the proposals and tasks that have been suggested and submitted the community members relating the future trends this project. members will have huge impact the decisions made the community that influences the deeponion expansion project well the direction taken the development team. fig votecentral landing screen (in alpha) contains many parallels the existing system democratic voting modern politics only that mitigates voting fraud because the additional benefits the blockchain technology. community suggestions new directions can registered through votecentral before being evaluated the airdrop founders, development team and the holders who have onion balances within their wallet that are more than the necessary minimum. mentioned earlier, votecentral considered layered approach. this hierarchy can conceptualized imagining three concentric circles: the core, which the inner circle, consists our initial founders and development team. the surrounding core refers our airdrop founders who are mandated with the right vote the votecentral. lastly, the exterior comprised long-term deeponion supporters, well participants who have made massive contributions towards the deeponion project. voting based member's status that was granted through long-term support (or proven contributions the community). this point, the voting power (vote weight) the member depends the balance their onion wallets. votecentral there are two phases the votecentral, which includes centralized solution that supported the web technologies and the next phase the future that will supported the blockchain. this software will used wallet owners the suggested proposals the community well the tasks submitted, based the number onion that they hold within their wallets. the first phase, request proof ownership from our participants through registration signing message. can check the wallet address member every day and make decision their voting power with regards the proposals suggested, awaiting the decision from our development team others. proposals will required meet standards that have not been defined yet and should also follow protocols. however, this will defined later date. our founders, development team, and the future holders will have the ultimate decision the votecentral the direction taken the project. however, each circle members will position express their sentiments. fig viewing and creating proposals (in alpha) are looking establish 'living organism' because our grand ambitions with votecentral where can accept reject decisions depending process robust analysis and evaluation that supported the sentiments from our community and weighing democratic arena. select the best proposals and tasks that are most popular from votecentral before using them guide the future domination (expansion) the deeponion project. proving your commitment deeponion, you play pivotal role our future you can raise your opinions, which ultimately rewards you with higher voting weight within the project. believe that deeponion will become stronger the more build our founding community. deeppoints the reward program for our community referred deeppoints which allows members earn onion because their massive contribution towards the project. our primary goal reward members who contribute meaningful posts regular basis well promotional materials that would benefit the wider community. public hero will added (this person will attend the blockchain conferences and youtube cryptocurrency celebrity). their main purpose will boost the deeponion brand name. deeppoints has flexible and dynamic criteria, model that suits the rapid development experienced deeponion well the spontaneous real cryptocurrencies. our ability target our whole community and adapt specific objective goal portrays the strength this approach. there are many attempts where this has turned out successful with regards the exchange listings such the satoshi exchange and the kucoin. there are doubts that our expansion will extend the binance and bittrex platforms. quite simple for our members that the more you complete official tasks deeponion (domination), the more replies, likes and threads you accrue (inside the documented rules whilst avoiding spamming), and the more you will receive the deeppoints. most importantly, you get reward the standard remuneration replies and likes (those that were specifically designed for the mod/development team target particular objective). the distribution within our weekly airdrop reserved for the deeppoints rewards. this provides real opportunity where our community can earn lucrative rewards due their participation. also perfect opportunity for our loyal followers rewarded the deeponion team. e-commerce plugins our development team currently working producing number plugins where onions can used method payment. woocommerce open-source e-commerce plugin that has now been released. was specifically designed for wordpress. over online retailers have already adopted this plugin and are also used number heavy traffic websites. there large number users woocommerce which makes ideal for the currency accepted method payment this platform. e-commerce plugins other plugins being developed include opencart and prestashop. opencart online store management system that supports many different currencies and languages, and also freely available. prestashop premium open source e-commerce solution available different languages and shops worldwide. behind all these solutions, deeponion will making plugins for some the major e-commerce platforms such shopify, magento and much more. there will longer restrictions with the deeponion plugins since owners onion currency will able carry out their payments any part the world. today, you can sell online with deeponion accepting the onion currency your online store. the development team also working new web design and page that will provide necessary support all e-commerce users cost. deeponion yet take the anonymous cryptocurrency payment acceptance market. this effort stop credit card fraud and chargeback scams making instant payments. you won't have wait for weeks months get paid. trezor hardware wallet compatibility using the electrum wallet trezor single purpose device that allows crypto-investors make secure transactions. transactions remain completely safe despite being initiated vulnerable compromised computer. believe that the use trezor hardware wallet compatibility will help deeponion adoption among people who are not familiar with security procedures. works when deeponion protocol sends signed notes payment via the internet. special algorithm used sign the transactions which require unique key password. the key held trezor hardware wallet was specifically designed help you sign transaction messages securely. trezor can thought the modern-day stamp crypto-world. every trezor comes with its own pin code which makes impossible for any person access your account. hackers may compromise the computer where you use your trezor but they will never get hold your key. trezor hardware wallet compatibility using the electrum wallet deeponion will among the top cryptocurrencies that use trezor hardware wallet compatibility ensure the privacy and anonymity its users. supports windows and other higher versions well linux and versions. trezor can also used with other android devices that have usb host. firefox and chrome ate the major supported browsers the trezor wallet. although you can use other browsers, cannot guarantee their full functionality. trezor hardware wallet compatibility will the most secure and trusted way store your onions using the electrum wallet. you can now enjoy deeponion without risk isolating your private keys into safety with the trezor hardware wallet. features trezor hardware wallet has reliable hardware, advanced cryptography, and simple interface. small and sturdy water resistant, tamper-proof and extremely durable allows for minimalistic operations allows checking essential transaction details before confirmation. has powerful cryptography everything important requires direct physical approval the user. the future deeponion deeponion takes pride tremendously successful year for the development team and the members the community. are one the most popular forum threads you can find bitcointalk.org and have done that period more than months community. have visualized strong growth our forums approximately members with strong mining that will support our blockchain. set the year breaking records following the recent expansion our development team and our current roadmap. are contacted major investors and exchanges daily basis for listing while the prominent crypto celebrities wish take part the deeponion project. are humbled see that all the hard work from the development team and members our community yielding results. our development team currently working the electrum wallet and ledger compatibility and the main deeponion wallet will soon have different style themes. essential emphasize that will soldier until deeponion becomes the adopted de-facto privacy cryptocurrency. our exchange listings and trade volumes continue grow monthly basis. our message spreading rapidly across the world continue integrate our novel blockchain technologies. denoted our roadmap, haven't even begun our advertising campaign. are very confident the development team that deeponion will propelled the forefront cryptocurrency adoption with celebrity endorsement and fully implemented roadmap. will year excitement for members deeponion community. here are the features that are implemented mentioned earlier; deepsend deepvault website votecentral mobile wallet smart contracts atomic swaps celebrity endorsements advertising campaign deeponion academy ecommerce plugins tier- exchanges appendix airdrop specification total premined airdrop rounds airdrop round each round each round round furthermore, the airdrops will used for events the deeponion forum each week reward any participation the forum community deeponion. the remaining often airdropped directly. bounty fund: the balance currently stands after the various events, distributions, bounties, and rewards. this fund usually channeled reward contributions such videos, articles and significant contributions that are beneficial deeponion and members its community. will also provide support potential new merchants choose deeponion. founders reward: development fund: for example, new feature developments and smart contracts. votecentral will determine how these funds are used. acknowledgments the deeponion development team would like appreciate our community and all participants who have offered support throughout our journey. this project has thrived from its roots because your efforts and involvement. although have the vision and technology, you are the ones who assist distribute this into ecosystem that workable. all benefit from private and anonymous financial transactions world that are increasingly dominated the pervasive digital espionage. highly thank you for your continued support and urge you continue with the same spirit. the deeponion team would also like recognize the ongoing work their diligent moderator team who have achieved massive success fulfilling the requirements the project well the deeponion community even through the festive season. send special thank you the community members for the provision graphics that have been included the white paper deeponion not just something written stone since can improve and add more features our project. are evolving all the time any other open source project that includes people from any part the world. glossary whitepaper: report that gives well-documented information proposals regarding specific project (e.g. the deeponion project and upcoming features.) proof stake (pos) concept where person can mine block transactions validate them depending the coins that they hold. this implies that the more onions altcoin you own miner, the more mining power you will have. proof work (pow) this economic measure that limits the denial service abuses attacks and requires work from the person requesting the service. simply refers the processing time computer. blockchain- the world's leading software technology that used build better financial system cryptocurrencies. decentralized refers shifting departments from one administrative location other centers. hash involves taking any length input string and giving out output specific length. transactions are considered input that run into hashing algorithm e.g. the sha- that gives fixed length output. stake the act holding cryptocurrency your wallet for fixed period time accrue some interest. tor: can defined communication service that anonymous and has low latency based circuit. cryptocurrency digital currency that modulates the creation currency units and allows verification fund transfers using encryption techniques. doesn't require intermediation the central bank. deepvault store immutable information held within the blockchain that allows members verify the integrity file over time. deepsend side transaction security feature that was designed hide traces transactions within the blockchain. privacy the ability person selectively express themselves secluding any information about themselves. deeponion cryptocurrency that guarantees the privacy its users. anonymity- the quality state being unknown most people: the quality state being anonymous. references the bitcoin project. bitcoin innovative payment network and new kind money. available at: https://bitcoin.org last accessed: dingledine, mathewson &amp; syverson. tor: the second-generation onion router, ed. available at: https://svn.torproject.org/svn/projects/design-paper/tordesign.pdf. economist staff blockchains: the great chain being sure about things. available at: https://www.economist.com/news/briefing -technology-behind-bitcoin-lets-people-who-do-not- know-ortrust-each-other-build-dependable, //. greenberg. crypto currency. forbes.com. available at: https://www.forbes.com/forbes///technologypsilocybin- bitcoins-gavin-andresen-crypto- currency.html.retrieved december definition decentralization. archived the wayback machine., merriam-webster dictionary, accessed february community member. deepvault tutorial video. available at: https://deeponion.org/community/threads/deepvault-videoguide./. []jimmybob..deepvaulttutorialmanual.availableat:https://deeponion.org/community/threads/tutori aldeepvault. vermeulen. 'bitcoin and ethereum visa and paypal',available at: https://myb coin-and-ethereum-vs-visa-and-paypal-transactions- persecond.html last accessed: //. []supercoin.'supercoin&#;s revival'. available at:https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=. last accessed:// wikipedia. wannacry available at:https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/wannacry ransomware attacklast accessed: green. &#;zero knowledge proofs:an illustrated primer&#;. available at: https://blog.cryptographyengineering.com////zeroknowledge-proofs-illustrated-primer/ last accessed: bitcoin wiki. &#;multisignature&#;. available at:https://en.bitcoin.it/wiki/multisignature last accessed:// wikipedia. &#;collision dia.org/wiki/collision attack last accessed:// attack&#;. available at:https://en.wikipe- our team developers founder deeper monocolor nezero community manager marketing lead blockchain developer mobile app blockchain developer deeper experienced project manager monocolor the lead blockchain developer experienced with strong knowledge marketing. has many years experience c++ and application developer. nezero developed experience development. various programming languages. our android mobile wallet. blockchain and mobile impressive doglover sean web app developer designer web app developer designer blockchain developer web application developer, graphic artist, web application developer, graphic blockchain developer that dedicated ui/ux designer, web designer and crypto designer, and seo/sem expert with the team. working several important enthusiast. years experience. additions the deeponion wallet. dan damian airtorp blockchain developer blockchain developer experienced software developer and expert c++. experienced user interface specialized software integration. experienced blockchain c++ and developer many programming languages. other our team marketing public relation kubera mrchef knepala deeponion public hero lead video developer marketing professional our first public hero. kubera will our mrchef professional experienced with online and social media speaker blockchain events. also has videos for deeponion. has many years marketing. respected member and always extensive youtube channel and fan base. experience video production. eager help with marketing. iamgroot lead marketing manager experienced marketing manager. behind the scenes marketing for deeponion. also web developer. produces several our team moderators, technical support, more bykardinal escapefromfreedom vaas nicolas deeponion moderator deeponion moderator deeponion moderator deeponion moderator vip professional russian translator. software professional spanish translator, support experienced payments and more. bykardinal charge bounty payments, update testing and one our technical specialist translator. translates all news and updates respected moderator our community. support specialists. and working several behind-the-scenes contributions. moderator and spanish the spanish community. seele crypto vokain mos cobaro deeponion moderator video producer moderator deeponion moderator deeponion moderator german translation and wallet testing. video producer, community engagement, chinese community manager. experienced chinese community moderator. pengbin experienced support specialist and working several chinese translation and charge provides behind-the-scenes projects for deeponion. contacting chinese exchanges. moderator and support specialist. pengbi whoknows deeponion moderator tech support full-stack developer chinese community moderator. pengbin all around technical support. experienced provides full-stack development and makes several support and community engagement the chinese forum. behind-the-scenes contributions. support and community engagement the chinese forum.