deepbrain chain artificial intelligence computing platform driven blockchain white paper deepbrain chain version.. deepbrain chain table contents abstract mission chapter introduction problems artificial intelligence enterprises brief description deepbrain chain chapter design concept deepbrain chain design thinking deepbrain chain problems solved deepbrain chain design build artificial intelligence ecosystem around deepbrain chain chapter deepbrain chain platform neo smart contract deepbrain chain architecture chapter deepbrain chain mining and privacy protection mining smart contract payment mechanism for artificial intelligence manufacturers data privacy protection chapter token sale public sell rules token launching token allocation scheme token sale rule description token sale risk comparison chapter process and plan development history roadmap chapter fund use chapter about the team chapter investment institutions, investors, and consultants chapter voting and community governance operating subject governance structure and voting chapter risk tips chapter disclaimer deepbrain chain: artificial intelligence computing platform driven blockchain introduction abstract with the exponential development gpu computing power, big data, internet things, sensors, and other fields over the past few years, artificial intelligence has begun break out, way that futuristic technologies such facial recognition and voice interaction are being integrated into our lives day day. from there was increase artificial intelligence startups the whole world, the total financing amount reached billion, and many medium and large companies have set artificial intelligence departments while the net investment artificial intelligence world-wide became more than billion. can said that after the rise and fall several times history, the era artificial intelligence has finally arrived! the past few years, the deepbrain chain core team has been deeply exploring the forefront artificial intelligence, was awarded first prize enterprise sector, and was awarded second prize academic sector enterprise sector smp chinese man-machine dialogue field authority evaluation contest held artificial intelligence research center the harbin institute technology, exceeding over domestic first-class academic and corporate teams which participated the competition. have been committed artificial intelligence landing applications and services for variety internet things equipments, that ordinary equipments could have the brain, with dialogue, thinking, and reasoning abilities. result, the world's first sound box small zhi was launched half year earlier than the amazon echo. the first national brain open platform deepbrain was launched. when products, realize that nearly the budget lot artificial intelligence enterprises will put into construction ai's computing power. these include the purchase and maintenance high computing performance hardware, which have become heavy burden enterprises, restricting investment technology research and development. there good way completely solve this painful point, that enterprises can promote the technological revolution more smoothly? this where deepbrain chain enters. deepbrain chain the first and only artificial intelligence platform the world, driven blockchain technology. utilizing deepbrain chain's platform, artificial intelligence enterprises can reduce hardware cost. addition, potential privacy risk for enterprises when using data can effectively avoided. this because the algorithm the platform fixed smart contract and thus cannot changed. deepbrain chain: artificial intelligence computing platform driven blockchain introduction mission deepbrain chain's mission accelerate the advancement artificial intelligence era that undergoing explosion smart devices, the data they acquire and their computational needs. deepbrain chain can make the artificial intelligence neural network operation decentralized and distributed over the mass nodes the whole world through blockchain technology. thus, the cost can just the user's self-built neural network server; and less than the traditional artificial intelligence centralization cloud computing platform. through smart contract, data provider and data training party are physically separated, protecting data privacy. this successfully resolves the trust issue that often prevents data providers from willing share the proprietary data for training, which essential for developing products. using their own token the universal currency, dbc maximizes participation from various players the ecosystem all around the world, including developers, universities, computing power providers, smes, financial institutes, data providers etc. deepbrain chain: artificial intelligence computing platform driven blockchain introduction chapter introduction problems artificial intelligence enterprises artificial intelligence products need train models neural network calculation, and the data model training process needs consume large amount computing resources. artificial intelligence products want achieve better product index, addition the algorithm. that is, there need for massive data train, but more data, the case equal computing resources, means longer training, say over week even month several months. there are incorrect parameters the training process, repeated training needed. long training time extremely disadvantageous the enterprise product's iterative updating, increasing the product's likelihood fail the industry's competition. this leads the fact that many manufacturers have invest lot money purchase gpu, fpga, and other hardware resources, directly causing the artificial intelligence chip provider's, e.g. nvidia's, share price rise rapidly. for most small and medium enterprises, more than one million capital investment huge burden. products still need decoded neural network after launching. the larger the number users, the greater the amount calculation required, hence pushing the cost. consequently, the user access frequency different time periods will also change, and one-time purchase large number computing resources will inevitably result idle resources. the three elements artificial intelligence are computing power, algorithm, and data. the amount data important factor affecting the index artificial intelligence products. companies that make artificial intelligence products need continually annotate low-quality data directly purchase high-quality data, but most data involve the issue user privacy, and data providers only hope that the data are not duplicated. they just sell the right use the data, but not sell ownership, which now almost impossible do. because the data receiver cannot access the data, impossible train the data. brief description deepbrain chain using blockchain technology, have developed distributed, low-cost and privacy-protecting computing platform that aims address the pain points the industry the computing nodes our network can take multiple forms, including full-function nodes (permanent nodes) composed large gpu fpga server clusters, independent nodes composed idle gpu servers owned small and medium-sized companies, and idle gpus owned individuals. mining nodes earn their income from two sources: processing fees paid companies exchange for computing power and mining rewards from the system, calculated based our reward algorithm. transactions are based smart contracts, carried out using our crypto utility token, dbc. mining nodes will incentivized reward system based smart contracts. seek ensure that the system secure, safe,and that every participant the system benefits. companies particular will benefit deepbrain chain: artificial intelligence computing platform driven blockchain introduction from accessing neural network computing power competitive cost. believe deepbrain chain will become one the central platforms the industry, with the capability scale and provide enough computing resources power tens millions even billions instances, for use both projects and products. projects may limited term ongoing research using ai, but the network power can also used power processing for ai-based products, which required cloud power for ongoing processing example might product for the home that uses cloud-ai power. some cloud will move dedicated chips, but the iot (ai internet things) will have increasing demand for all kinds processing, including flexible processing that exceeds the limitations chips. our vast network potential will help support the industry through providing cost effective, scalable and sustainable resources. chapter design concept deepbrain chain design thinking deepbrain chain since have been thinking about the application blockchain the field artificial intelligence, order solve the pain faced artificial intelligence factories. april released the deepbrain platform and completed the underlying algorithm design and application artificial intelligence operating system. currently, more than manufacturers and users have connected more than models smart devices. august released draft deepbrain chain's white paper, studied, and solved the artificial intelligence problems related blockchain with enthusiasts the blockchain community, together building the next generation artificial intelligence computing platform driven blockchain. for deepbrain chain's design, think about the following principles: extended principle: deepbrain chain, each module should loosely coupled. should easy add new modules come in, and each module's own updates should not need other module's interface changes. stretching principle: customer access deepbrain chain should flexible. there large number users accessing node, will inevitably bring service breakdown the node, the container the node itself should automatically deployed. when there pressure user requests, should realize the horizontal expansion quickly. privacy principle: all participants the deepbrain chain ecosystem, mining nodes, artificial intelligence manufacturers, and data providers, can get privacy protection. participants can selectively open according their own needs. advantages low cost: one the most important contributions that deepbrain chain can bring companies solve their problem high computing power cost. because our unique model, every node derives its income from mining and from the training fees paid companies. other words, companies only pay the cost. deepbrain chain: artificial intelligence computing platform driven blockchain introduction neural network computing performance optimization: deepbrain chain focuses serving companies. all the current products are developed using deep neural networks their core algorithm. deepbrain chain performs computing optimization cuda-based gpus, and integrates mainstream deep learning frameworks such tensorflow (google), caffe (facebook), cntk (microsoft), etc.. high concurrency: companies have massive user base, which means deepbrain chain has able provide high-performance computation for huge number users. use unique load balancing technique make sure node containers cooperate and share the concurrent pressure. low latency: all user requests must responded seconds, which means every module deepbrain chain has able respond immediately and consume few resources possible. the one exception ongoing neural network training. privacy protection: should able protect the privacy every participant the ecosystem. the goal that every participant can freely decide what extent they want their information made public. this through encryption algorithms and sensible separation data ownership and data usage rights. elastic supply: network demand for resources variable. there are peak times when demand can significantly higher than normal. thus have able effectively handle sudden spike demand. our roadmap includes elastic expansion technology that allows containers automatically and rapidly deployed idle nodes method load balancing. automatic maintenance: order maximize uptime for customers, the system will able issue alerts when there something wrong with node container and remove from the system while adding functional one its place. will also capable notifying the processing provider (the "ai miner") when there issue, maximize revenue. build artificial intelligence ecosystem around deepbrain chain deepbrain chain realizes the decentralized supply core computing capability artificial intelligence, but artificial intelligence, addition computing power, also needs algorithms and data. data are trained the model while the algorithm, with the model, generates artificial intelligence applications. therefore, deepbrain chain the future will derive data trading platform, algorithm trading platform, model trading platform, container trading platform, and application trading platform. application trading platform has certain scale: there are hundreds skills applications deepbrain, which can sold users. addition, the deepbrain chain ecosystem will help the artificial intelligence manufacturers issue their own virtual currency globally, and the virtual currency the manufacturer can freely exchanged with dbc. deepbrain chain: artificial intelligence computing platform driven blockchain introduction chapter deepbrain chain platform neo smart contract neo distributed computing bottom system based blockchain technology, with open source and public maintenance. provides decentralized turing complete virtual machine support the operation smart contract. the most mature platform support smart contract the market, the community very active and the foundation runs well. deepbrain chain will release deepbrain coin based neo and run the deepbrain coin issuing algorithm the smart contract neo. the deepbrain chain team will make dbc unified way the blockchain application registration order ensure that once the asset confirmed the smart contract, all data would open, transparent, and non-tamperable. hence, dbc fully reliable data sharing asset allowing fully reliable transactions. there will false assets sham transactions. deepbrain chain architecture overall framework nodes the deepbrain chain network can large nodes the form mining pools, medium-sized nodes node mining using azure aliyun (alicloud), and high-performance home computers. miners can join the system installing our software and having the basic operating environment place mine dbc. companies upload data and models needed for neural network computation our decentralized storage network, then submit neural network computing requests containing container image's name, data index and models index deepbrain chain's client and make sure they have enough the utility token, dbc. qualified nodes will compete deploy the images and nodes that have successfully deployed the images will get dbc rewards. introduction deepbrain chain: artificial intelligence computing platform driven blockchain manufacturer manufacturer submit the neural network calculate the demand the deepbrain chain client, and there corresponding number dbc gas stored dbc wallet client dbc website wallet client mining nodes the client packages the requirements into docker image and broadcasts deepbrain chain network small mining nodes small mining nodes mining nodes mining nodes mining nodes mining nodes mining nodes mining nodes mining nodes mining nodes mining nodes mining nodes medium-sized mining nodes large mining nodes the nodes that meet the requirements will compete deploy docker image, and eventually successful deployment image nodes will result token rewards. deepbrain chain frame layout mining node architecture dbc wallet client network management engine identity authentication identity authentication providing network connections computing engine data storage identity authentication identity service engine mining node frame identity authentication docker management system database service engine identity authentication storage management system save disk file search disk file identity authentication interface management deepbrain chain: artificial intelligence computing platform driven blockchain introduction )computing engine computing engine set controllers including computational emitter and container computing engine. computational emitter: after the container has been deployed successfully, the verification calculation done, and the calculation passed. the emitter will broadcast the whole network, and the broadcast contains fields: struct{ timestamp:total number seconds from greenwich time january now address: successfully deployed node wallet account id:image number image computing engine dcengine:for managing the entire lifecycle container instances for single user group users, providing virtual services according users'needs and the creation, pause, adjustment, migration, restart, destruction and other operations containers. when the user requests the calculation specific value distribution amount container capacity (set user), the container calculation engine will start the alarm and will start automate the deployment container expansion into other normal nodes. first, the configuration file read, the configuration parameters are read, the initialization message queue configured according the configuration, and then the internal message interaction carried out with other components later. the same time, the server according the configuration item the configuration file started, and server corresponding each api the configuration file configured. according the system gpu core number each server will have process deal with the request. def main(): config.parse_args(sys.argv) loggin.setup("dbengine"); utils.monkey_patch() gmr.textdbmediation.setup_autorun(version) launcher=service.process_launcher() for api conf.enabled_apis: should_use_ssl=api conf.enabled_ssl_apis api 'db': server =service.dbservice(api,use_ssl=should_use_ssl,max_url_len=) else: server =service.dbservice(api,use_ssl=should_use_ssl) launcher.launch_service(server,workers=server.workes launcher.wait() introduction deepbrain chain: artificial intelligence computing platform driven blockchain )image management system virtual container image lookup and retrieval system has the functions creating mirror image, uploading mirror image, deleting mirror image, and editing basic information mirror image. client client docker management api docker management register docker management storage adapters ipfs swift file system docker management system image management system mainly composed image management api and image management register. image management api the entrance the image management system service, responsible for receiving the user's api request. the image management register deals with image metadata related requests. when the image management api receives the user's api request, determined that the request associated with metadata, the request forwarded the image management register service. then the image management register parses the contents the user metadata request, accesses, and updates the metadata the image interactively with the database. )storage management system large scale extendable system for storing objects through built-in redundancy and high fault-tolerant mechanisms allows storage retrieval files, providing image storage the image systems. introduction deepbrain chain: artificial intelligence computing platform driven blockchain client client storage management system api amqp message queue storage management system dispatching service storage management system backup service storage management system volume service back end storage system storage management system storage management system consists four parts. api server: storage management system api the main service interface, which responsible for receiving and processing the external api request, putting the request into the amqp message queue, and then executing the back-end. dispatching service: the task the task queue processed, and the appropriate volume service node selected according the predetermined policy perform the task. volume service: the service runs the storage node, manages storage space, processes read and write requests maintenance status storage management system database, and interacts with other processes through the message queue and directly the block storage device software. each storage node has volume service, and several such storage nodes join together form storage resource pool. backup service: this provides services back the volume the storage management system the backup storage device. )identity service engine this provide authentication, service rules, and service tokens other modules deepbrain chain and manage commands, projects, users, groups, and roles. )network management engine this provide network virtualization technology and network connectivity services other services deepbrain chain: artificial intelligence computing platform driven blockchain introduction deepbrain chain, providing interfaces service users that can define networks, subnets, virtual addresses, load balancing, and on. )database service engine this provide extensible and reliable relational and non-relational database service engine users deepbrain chain environment. chapter deepbrain chain mining and privacy protection mining smart contracts reward for successful competition deployment miners derive most their income from mining dbc. depending their contribution, nodes will rewarded every hour. only nodes that have successfully deployed containers and remain functional throughout the period will get rewards. new nodes that successfully deploy images for the first time will have %.*% probability get rewards and nodes that exit the midst training will not get rewards. instead, they will punished and their probability getting rewards the next hours will reduced %*%. probability existing nodes that successfully deploy images get rewards %*%. nodes that exit the midst training will not get rewards. instead, they will punished and their probability getting rewards the next hours will reduced %*%; actual reward count probability computing power contribution/ sum computing power all nodes mining algorithm release model algorithm researchers have developed new model for application, opened source and packaged into deepbrain chain (resource model algorithm), provided operating environment and input and output data format standard (resource json description file), and can choose submit training testing tasks with public datasets (resource pre-trained model resource evaluation reference). when the released model used others, the publisher can share the token (basic fee). ii. the release training testing tasks select published model algorithms, publish data, and publish training test tasks after packing data. these can displayed before submission: estimated price model algorithm training testing unit cost run steps (upper limit can set) basic cost model algorithm deepbrain chain: artificial intelligence computing platform driven blockchain introduction available nodes expected queuing time unit cost averagei (averagej (model unit cost the speed node running model current model running speed) the unit costs all model algorithms are adjusted dynamically, which makes all nodes get the same overall returns throughout running different models. after the completion the task, the transaction gets recorded the block. iii. automatically receive and run training test tasks receiving the broadcast the task deepbrain chain and other nodes running state, the node will create block every other time and select the task run according the algorithm. for the final reward, addition the cost paid the task publisher, the total "amount calculation" the current block model algorithm training testing unit cost running steps will summed after completion the task. the total pool each block fixed and assigned each node according the proportion. node allocation algorithm: task publishers hope that the task will completed soon possible; the people running task nodes want maximize revenue. therefore, use reinforcement learning maximize the expected revenue all nodes: rti= returns obtained node moment discount factor the reward for mission the time point for the completion task the algorithm divided into two parts: the function (s, constructed predict the expected revenue nodes take action under the state state contains the hardware and historical performance the node well the current running state the node. action includes running one the currently available model algorithms and not running any task remain idle. deep learning used train the parameters the function. for all nodes taking action time the global optimal solution found beamsearch approximation. design logic: the publishers driver model algorithm publish more models that people will use get more returns. task publishers will spontaneously choose better model algorithms and the same time use unit cost punish model algorithms with unnecessarily large computation. miners will optimize hardware get higher returns based current popular model algorithms and their unit costs. within the unit time, the total return mining fixed. introduction deepbrain chain: artificial intelligence computing platform driven blockchain companies' fees the amount dbc companies have pay will calculated the basis the number floating points operations, neural network units occupied, disk space occupied, the memory used and the traffic consumed within specified time. the actual fees can negotiated and between companies and miners, but they cannot below certain threshold. when all conditions are set, miners have compete deploy containers. data privacy protection seller mutual evaluation purchaser data set smart contract setting successful purchaser will into deepbrain chain for training decentralized trading platform training algorithm anonymous node container computing engine model the model can't copied can only used inside the deepbrain chain client request anonymous node container the data seller wants get revenue from selling data, doesn't want reveal the user's privacy the purchaser who bought the data sell others. while possible trade the deepbrain chain's built-in decentralized data trading platform, the data buyers the trading platform cannot receive directly; instead, the data are sent directly the anonymous node container deepbrain chain trained, and the trained model will also sent directly the anonymous node container that the computing engine working on. data buyers cannot copy data from the node the outside the process training data and using the model. the flip side, the seller can verify whether the anonymous node container cheats output raw data variant data the original data client request. finally, the seller and the buyer can score each other. deepbrain chain: bottom-layer blockchain the underlying public chain for ai, deepbrain chain essentially building infrastructure and from that smart economy ecosystem. this ecosystem, there are suppliers and consumers computing power, algorithms and data. they transact via smart contracts. this ecosystem also requires governor who sets rules maintain the smooth operation the it. key features the bottom-layer blockchain: deepbrain chain: artificial intelligence computing platform driven blockchain introduction using the matrix platform and the software architecture characteristic topic subscription+event-driven+processor, aided high-performance asynchronous architecture support the outstanding performance the blockchain; the multi-chain framework composed one main blockchain and several working chains. the main blockchain contains the schema definition all working chains and there limit the number working chains. working chains comprise sharding blockchains and support unlimited sharding. deepbrain chain's communication transmission uses self-encoded two-layer transport protocol two-layer encrypted transport protocol reduce network bandwidth. this codec-based protocol different message packages the same link can change freely, making transport more secure. multi-layer network: the basis the network, are building multi-layer network and introducing relay nodes. message routing uses multi-layer network message routing mechanism speed the dissemination messages. nodes are geographically dispersed and the network topology changes dynamically improve the robustness the network against ddos attacks reduce security risks. network consensus mechanism: use hybrid consensus mechanism combing dpos(delegated proof stake) and poi(proof importance), meaning both users' stake and their contribution the network will taken into account when making assessments. processing done multi-layer, process-as-they-come method, via the consensus, verification and storage layers make the entire network more elastic. introduction deepbrain chain: artificial intelligence computing platform driven blockchain chapter token sale public sell rules token launch maximum supply dbc billion, among which mining produces the founding team believe that deepbrain chain project that has been verified the market, has huge market scale and significant application value, lets the process and economic value associated, and gradually issued with the core business sharing storage and the mechanism computation capacity mining. token allocation scheme quant ity remarks lion dbc for public token sale deepbrain chain foundation and ecosystem lion dbc unlock the first month after launching the market, and unlock the remaining each year, total lock-peroid years pre-sale lion dbc sell use rights deepbrain chain ecological service influential professional investors artificial intelligence manufacturers deepbrain chain team lion dbc unlock the first month after launching the market, and unlock the remaining each year, total lock-peroid years mining production token sale public fering lion dbc the first years mining, million dbc produced each year, and the income reduced every years half token sale rule description different public sale periods, there will different preferential rates, which should based the official version when the token sale officially launched. hardcap eth around $million. softcap eth equivalent neo. will calculate the exchange ratio around weeks after the token sale sales are completed. the corresponding number dbc will allocated according the stage the participant. after the completion allocation, will support wallets and trading third party exchanges about weeks. the specific time will disclosed the founding team. the number tokens each stage follows: (quantity will adjusted according the market price mainstream currency) introduction deepbrain chain: artificial intelligence computing platform driven blockchain dbc sale unofficial website rst stage second stage stage eth scou neo equivalent dbc discount hour neo hour neo hour neo hour neo day neo day neo day unlimited dbc sale official website token sale risk comparison order give benefit token sale participants, create good and orderly market atmosphere, and create valuable projects, mining will eventually produce the total supply. the following the comparison between deepbrain chain and other token sales. category deepbrain chain other common token sale whether there the issue mining mining production no, mostly issue team proportion total high proportion, more than earnings expectation value investment, already landed project speculation the most, and there are few landing projects famous investor blessing gsr ventures, gobi partners ,and qian shi investment ,,rmb most them don't have early investors deepbrain chain: artificial intelligence computing platform driven blockchain introduction chapter progress and plan development history time axis january the rst voi assi stant cal "smar was release january the first artificial intelligence semantic open platform- semantic cloud oriented app domain was released june had more than million users, becoming the first third-party voice assistant break through tens millions users june the world's first artificial intelligence speakers- super speakers (amazon echo released december was released, equipped with semantic cloud brain june member council china electronic acoustics association december housekeeper robot was released, equipped with semantic cloud brain december ceo feng he, won the title innovative figures shanghai computer industry march housekeeper robot and htc vive virtual reality helmet received chinabang award and annual innovation awards together april new upgraded semantic cloud, released the brand new cloud brain platform named "deepbrain" may started project which researched cloud brain artificial intelligence operating system blockchain technology set blockchain laboratory, based blockchain application architecture research and development may deepbrain stationed institute artificial intelligence, nansha district, guangzhou, build cloud may deepbrain skills platform has more than skills. the first manufacturer artificial intelligence skills platform china june million cny angel investment gsr investment, gobi partners, and chance investment july deepbrain chain platform skills store html version was released, allowing consumers freely add skills for hardware deepbrain chain token sale white paper was released august won the first prize the business community smp chinese man-machine dialogue evaluation the harbin institute technology evaluation, while more than domestic top artificial intelligence teams participated the competition deepbrain chain: artificial intelligence computing platform driven blockchain introduction roadmap time axis august time milestone deepbrain chain token sale white paper was released started pre token sale program team moved new office hongqiao tian street hongqiao business circles shanghai. was invited participate china's people closed door forum and interpretation the state september council's notice new generation artificial intelligence development planning internal seminar beijing was invited participate the "digital asset summit" complete pre token sale roadmap token sale and complete token sale recruitment deepbrain set joint laboratory with shanghai branch chinese academy sciences october was invited participate the "first global financial technology and block chain china summit the first phase the deepbrain chain completed based the neo contract, and the tokens are issued support charge and withdraw coins, dbc assets launched the third party exchange project quarterly key information disclosure deepbrain chain promotion and vendor access completion development core layer architecture and key components, completion development the dbc testnet, and building internal testing environment support test users' submission training requests dbc testnet and finishing training the testnet development the community contribution reward system the official website deepbrain chain completion the first round global meetup (dublin, hamburg, amsterdam and san francisco) dbc communities countries and steady growth the official communities' size telegram, reddit, twitter attendance one global blockchain summit every month (blockchain connect conference san francisco january th) finishing development features including users management, group management, role management and authorization management finishing integration dbc testnet with blockchain finishing development and testing the internal dbc network environment june launch skynet testnet second round global meetup dbc communities countries and steady growth communities' size telegram, reddit, twitter attending one global blockchain summit every month average starting cooperation with least famous universities organizations blockchain deepbrain chain: artificial intelligence computing platform driven blockchain time axis introduction time milestone further improvement and testing the blockchain network and test key users support integration and deployment various deep learning engine frameworks support release new model algorithms and selection amongst existing algorithms, packaging data and putting out training/testing assignments support dbc mining and reward system support monitoring and statistics analysis the dbc network support users performing computations dbc network support dbc network security august officially launch the training mainnet and dbc token utilization buy and sell computing power. the training mainnet core function deepbrain chain r&d team's development, platform that consolidates computing resources and carry out matchmaking for computing power provider and computing power requester launch the community contribution reward system the official website deepbrain chain third round global meet-up dbc communities countries and steady growth community size: telegram, reddit, twitter attendance one global blockchain summit every month cooperation with more famous universities organizations blockchain investment several promising blockchain and startups further improve the blockchain network support better interaction and deployment deep learning engine frameworks support users rate task execution results support api open third party users further improvement dbc network security late october add computing mining feature into training mainnet late december using more blockchain technology power training mainnet smooth running the community contribution reward system the official website deepbrain chain fourth round global meet-up dbc communities countries and steady growth community size telegram, reddit, twitter attendance one global blockchain summit every month cooperation with more famous universities organizations blockchain investment more promising blockchain and startups further improve the blockchain network and update based user feedback and community requests support data transaction and rating support data encryption and privacy protection optimization the community contribution reward system the official website deepbrain chain and alpha test the community honor system fifth round global meetup dbc communities even more countries and steady growth the community size: telegram, reddit, twitter attendance one global blockchain summit and one devcon every month cooperation with more famous universities organizations blockchain and investment more blockchain and startups launch data, model, software image marketplace introduction deepbrain chain: artificial intelligence computing platform driven blockchain chapter fund use the world's first blockchain based artificial intelligence operating system, are both the founder the new model, but also the industry benchmark. the purpose this token sale sale mainly: consolidate the first brand position deepbrain chain industry optimize deepbrain chain system performance, promote marketing, network home and abroad that more manufacturers know deepbrain chain, and support the use artificial intelligence business global token sale deepbrain chain harness blockchain technology create more valuable assets our goal redefine the artificial intelligence operating system with blockchain technology, and believe that blockchain and artificial intelligence are line with the technology and scale expectations the future development the project. blockchain artificial intelligence will change all aspects our lives. more efficient return mining nodes contributors and token sale sale supporters the project team will set deepbrain chain fund for token sale public funds for earmarking, and develop public disclosure mechanism cycle, with timely disclosure details uses. token sale capital use plan category proportion illustration employ advanced technical personnel; set blockchain laboratory with internatechnology research and development tional first-class universities; performance optimization and upgrade deepbrain chain system; deepbrain chain ecological strategic investment, and create the first specific application case deepbrain chain market promotion daily operation media advertising investment and brand promotion; with users, factories, and developers, promote the interpretation and widespread use deepbrain chain office expenses, travel expenses, transportation fees, conference fees, business entertainment expenses, fees office equipment, servers, and encourage supporters spontaneously establish regional deepbrain chain community incentive applications and communicate with communities, and continue maintain the community's activity, collect suggestions the majority supporters promote the healthy development the deepbrain chain platform intellectual property right patent fees, trademark fees, copyright fees, high and new technology certification and expert exchange home and abroad deepbrain chain: artificial intelligence computing platform driven blockchain introduction chapter about the team yong ceo yong the ceo deepbrain chain. was once enrolled ph.d. program east china normal university and chinese academy sciences. artificial intelligence expert, holds the title innovation character the shanghai computer industry. started research bitcoin and blockchain technology proficient product design and machine learning algorithms, the inventor the intelligent semantic error correction engine used for much game translation. yong among the first batch entrepreneurs the field artificial intelligence china. has presided over the research and development the first chinese voice assistant, smart whose registered users exceeded million, also led the development the world's first artificial intelligence speakers half year earlier than amazon echo. also oversaw the development the country's first "cloud the brain" system, deepbrain. led the deepbrain chain team win innovation and creativity award zhongguancun's second blockchain competition chuanfeng lee cmo has master's architectural from the research institute mcc group. lee the director the china audio association and founding member advanced audio and video industry association pudong new area. also the founding director intelligent workshop. among the first batch entrepreneurs the field artificial intelligence china. behalf the company, won the first prize innovation china (shanghai division) also led the marketing team achieve more than million registered users for the first chinese voice assistant, smart columnist for number technical media sites china, publishing many articles the development artificial intelligence products and blockchain industry analysis. this gives him much industry influence. deepbrain chain: artificial intelligence computing platform driven blockchain introduction dongyan wang chief officer, executive deepbrain chain silicon valley blockchain research center dr. wang has almost years silicon valley experience artificial intelligence, business intelligence and data science, leading world class, industry award winning, global high-tech organizations senior executive for global fortune enterprises (cisco, netapp, midea group, samsung) and successful startup. has extensive experience platform, products, business applications, advanced analytics, data science, big data, and great variety cloud and on-premise enterprise applications. prior joining deepbrain chain, dr. wang was the global leader and vp, midea emerging technology center (silicon valley) and research institute (shenzhen, china) for midea group, fortune global enterprise and largest consumer electronics company the world. was responsible for the overall vision, strategy, architecture, roadmap execution technology and business solutions for midea's products smart home, intelligent manufacturing, robotics and business applications. prior midea, dr. wang was the chief operating officer svp grand intelligence, silicon valley consulting firm specialized ai+bi term first invented dongyan deep learning, machine learning, analytics, data science and big data solutions. before that, dr. wang held senior executive and manager positions other fortune companies like netapp, cisco systems and samsung america, leading large, complex enterprise wide data analytics, machine learning, business intelligence, security and other enterprise initiatives. dr. wang was responsible for people global organizations with annual budget million usd. addition leading his team and winning numerous industry awards, such worldwide challenger tdwi (the data warehouse institute), intelligence enterprise realware award, information week infoworld awards, and oracle bi/bpm innovation award, dr. wang holds more than granted granted patents, international patents, and pending patents mostly ai. deepbrain chain: artificial intelligence computing platform driven blockchain introduction christine chang marketing the co-founder silicon valley robotx incubator. obtained marketing and project management professional skills from berkeley program. she was the director global app marketing cheetah mobile america, who was charge the product marketing north american, european and middle eastern markets. throughout the years experiences bridging chinese and american enterprises, she has assisted chinese companies globalize. christine has built in-depth relationship with entrepreneurs within the two biggest economic entities the world. jason pai sr. director product management jason pai brings forward over years experience with hardware development and product management with supermicro, ibm, and ford motor. introduced industry-leading product line for supermicro improving bandwidth and latency performance for device-to-device communication. also, partnership with nvidia, brought first-to-market nvlink technology which improves deep learning training increasing over peer-to-peer bandwidth over five times the pcie counterparts. his portfolio has gained traction with the large deep learning communities, who leverages these servers the backbone for their training computation. supermicro has now jumped third volume, but for parallel gpu servers his portfolio leads volume globally. jason holds two master degrees, from new york university stern school business for business analytics, and from fulton school engineering arizona state for industrial engineering focused management technology and operation research. brian chief data scientist proven skills and experiences solving complex real-world problems, creating innovative software solutions for new products and services developing big data analytics, ai, machine learning, deep learning, etc. won federal r&d contracts based best innovations sole pi. having built and led teams scientists) complete over federal contracts $m, ~). extensive experience software with over products (ai, ml, data analytics, etc.) and intelligent solutions tech lead since having done programs ($m~$m/y) for big customers (boeing, darpa, etc.), developed commercial products (intel, etc.) since had over technical papers and usa patents, and technical presentations. currently, integrating with blockchain for new solutions. deepbrain chain: artificial intelligence computing platform driven blockchain introduction haisong sr. director applications for computer vision robotics dr. has over years experience r&d with ai, vision and robotics. prior joining deepbrain chain, dr. was the division manager and senior manager konica-minolta and midea, leading the teams successfully creating for image, video and document analytics; launched based cancer diagnosis system, which was recognized one the national strategic technologies japan; developed visual inspection technologies for electronic, auto, food and home appliance industries. since joining computer vision and lab graduate student from dr. participated and led pioneer development projects, including video analytic training system for chinese national diving team the 's; vision based bin-picking intelligent robot for panasonic the 's(received the "automation technology award" japan); facial expression driver fatigue detection for ford, first intelligent video surveillance solutions for sfo and shanghai expo 's; and based high sensitive tissue analytics the 's. the first author have published more than research papers (in pami and cvpr) while holding granted patents pendings) us, japan and china. dr. holds ph.d. degree from osaka university and had worked professor and researcher southeast university, osaka university, usc, unr, rpi and stanford. currently senior member the ieee and was the corporate representative the ieee international institute standards and technology (ieee-isto). sebastian liu director marketing creative and accomplished digital marketing-branding professional with strong desire excel. excellent design skills and high level artistic ability. expert knowledge marketing and advertising culled from years hands-on experience the industry. prior joining deepbrain chain, was the international marketing manager cheetah mobile america, overseeing company's social marketing and event planning the north america and europe markets. addition, was the cco split-screen management, directing the entire agency's creative outputs. has degree visual arts media from university california, san diego. deepbrain chain: artificial intelligence computing platform driven blockchain introduction kahlen sr. operations manager highly motivated business operation and sales professional that thrives fast-paced and dynamic environments. prior the deepbrain chain, kahlen was the senior sales account manager supermicro, global leader high performance, high efficiency server technology and innovation. she seasoned professional with experience sales operation, marketing event coordination, business administration, and enterprise sales with proven track record growing businesses under challenging conditions. throughout the years the server industry, she has actively managed end-to-end sales cycles, including customer prospecting, validating system requirements, design and compliance, and closing negotiations. with experience providing expertise proof concepts gpu parallel computing and hpc top-ranked academic research institutes, national laboratories, financial organizations, and startups, she has leveraged relationships with key stakeholders and executives fortune companies successfully introduce cutting-edge enterprise hardware solutions. her extensive experience resellers and channel partners has enabled her apply industry best practices improve team productivity and efficiency, while maintaining high level client satisfaction and providing industry-leading sales and operational support. chapter investment institutions, investors and consultants investment institutions gobi partners has offices shanghai, beijing, and southeast asia, and professional venture capital company focusing investing china's early science and technology projects. gobi fund's strategic investors include ibm, sierra ventures, the mcgraw-hill companies, and steamboat ventures (disney's venture capital sector), etc. has invested tuniu, camera, cloudcare, and other famous start-ups, and veteran investment fund. deepbrain chain: artificial intelligence computing platform driven blockchain introduction gbic (global blockchain innovation center) global hub for blockchain technology that provides investment, human capital, and resources for the development, acceleration and launch blockchain projects. utilize our global network resources investors from china, russia, europe korea provide investment and services including marketing pr, community building, exchange listings, white paper and token analysis. founded october ,hong kong bite international capital focuses venture investment and cooperation with companies engaged blockchain and cryptocurrency. has incubated more than good projects, areas ranging from blockchain bottom protocol technology distributed computing technology. partnership blockchain technology the neo council non-profit organization and the management organization for its blockchain community. neo digital asset enabled blockchain technology and digital identity. neo distributed network, using smart contracts automatic fashion for the management digital assets order carry out "intelligent economy". deepbrain chain: artificial intelligence computing platform driven blockchain introduction counselors james ding managing director gsr ventures, former asiainfo co-founder ceo. asiainfo has assumed the design and construction china's internet infrastructure. march led asiainfo become the first high-tech company listed the nasdaq the united states. currently, director asiainfo group and independent director baidu. prior that, served chairman, chief executive officer, chief technology officer and vice president business development asiainfo. bachelor's peking university and master's information science the university california, usa. invested iboxpay, skyroam, geo, horizon robot, etc. zhiwei yang capital partner gsr ventures, focuses the internet, telecommunications, and wireless and payment investment. former china netcom cto; during his tenure asiainfo, helped the company succeed the nasdaq ipo. master's business administration from guanghua school management. investment projects are iboxpay, skyroam, geo, and highj tsien partner qian shi investment, mainly does investment artificial intelligence and block chain early project. with years state-owned commercial banks practitioners' background, helped well-known housing financing and responsible for supply chain financial solutions project foreign auto parts enterprise. has years experience working for state-owned investment management company, worked marketing and product design, development, training, road show and on. bachelor's software engineering, fudan university deepbrain chain: artificial intelligence computing platform driven blockchain introduction don jiang management partner gobi partners, focus the domestic internet, tourism and e-commerce field, has invested tuniu.com, yododo, zhiyoula, weilver, the next stop and other tourism related projects, line.com, dianwoba, life radius and other enterprises, and pingread, star wardrobe and other mobile applications products. was the website and business planning director elong tourism network, the managing director iac technology (corporate website and service provider) and has led the team for ge, ingram micro, siemens and other international top companies and the british ministry industry and commerce successfully implement the website technology-based projects. bachelor's electrical engineering from fudan university. tangjun vice president gobi partners, focuses domestic cloud computing, vehicle networking, voice recognition and mobile internet and other fields. served project manager the martec group management consulting company the united states america, whose project involved traditional industries such chemical and automotive, well emerging fields new materials, new energy vehicles, optical communications and consumer electronics, and served number fortune companies, including dow chemical, henkel, dupont, honeywell, corning, sinochem international, china railway materials and on. bachelor's chemistry shanghai jiaotong university and passed the cfa level test. deepbrain chain: artificial intelligence computing platform driven blockchain introduction jun zou zhongguancun blockchain industry alliance expert, ph.d. service contract, macquarie university, australia, mba macquarie business school, senior cloud computing expert, concerned about the block chain technology and applications. former chief architect the financial department ibm australia, the current cto heiner cloud computing co., ltd. has years experience, whose research direction the block chain financial technology, regulatory technology, and block chain consensus algorithm. the ieee international conference web services (icws) published block-chain thesis, and won the best paper award. won the "president award" the macquarie university president awarded, financial beijing high-end foreign expert, and published more than papers the international conference journals. huawei kong director institute chinese academy sciences, shanghai branch, partner starting capital, coffee sponsor, italk salon founder; focus the block chain, internet things, virtual reality, cloud computing, large data and artificial intelligence and other fields, invest many projects; holds master's theoretical physics from zhejiang university and bachelor's theoretical physics from peking university. chaoyi bachelor's chemical from hui university. investment director well-known block chain investment institutions. investment director calf vc. thirteen years high-tech industry research and management experience. angel investor and block chain fields. deepbrain chain: artificial intelligence computing platform driven blockchain introduction qiang chan founder famous chinese start-up media. engaged business investment and business service for nearly ten years, worked for the shanghai city college science and technology entrepreneurship foundation and shanghai well-known venture capital institutions serving more than thousands early entrepreneurial project, have experienced new media operation experience and resources venture capital. tuoniao.fm media early domestic well-known new media venture capital field, and has got the round financing, its market valuation tens millions. from the end participated the domestic and foreign more than high-quality block chain project investment, and the same time hatching tuniao block chain token sale.tt. tuoniao integrated platform for domestic professional block chain industry. recent did incubation services more than high-quality block chain and digital currency projects, trying construct the digital currency field investment banking services. hua zhang lbank ceo, asia-pacific representative cascadia blockchain group starting entrepreneurship from block chain and digital asset field, committed the block chain applications and finance, payment, trading and other fields, industry opinion leaders. awarded annual female cio annual fintech jie pu. bachelor's shanghai jiao tong university. worked for a.t.kearney,analyst for huaxia dun& bradstreet, strategic consultant for euromonitor international. served the visa, mastercard and other world-renowned financial institutions engaged financial, payment. engineering industry analysis and strategic consulting work for the world's top enterprises. quantitative entrepreneurship experience, good stock, stock index futures and digital asset analysis and strategy research and development. deepbrain chain: artificial intelligence computing platform driven blockchain introduction chapter voting and community governance operating subject deepbrain chain set deepbrain chain foundation singapore. the main task the foundation run deepbrain chain platform openly, fairly, transparently, without profitable purpose, and deeply support the development team. the foundation legally established organization that supports participates the public private interests without any commercial interests. the profit earned the fund called surplus and will retained funds for other activities without allocating profits among its members. governance structure and voting order let the deepbrain chain foundation make use the funds and resources open, fair, and transparent way, constantly promote the rapid development deepbrain chain, expand the application scenarios deepbrain chain, and absorb more institutions, companies, and organizations into the deepbrain chain ecosystem, the foundation sets the organizational structure follows: decision committee the decision committee the highest decision-making body the deepbrain chain foundation, which bears the final decision-making function. members the decision-making committee are responsible for review and approval strategic planning, annual plan, budget, and other important matters, and behalf the foundation vote the deepbrain chain ecological issues. members the decision committee and the chairman the foundation are office for two years. executive principal the executive principal elected the decision committee and responsible for the decision committee. the executive principal will comprehensively implement the relevant resolutions and provisions the decision committee, will responsible for the daily operation the deepbrain chain, will complete the indicators issued the company, and will regularly report the implementation the organization. the executive principal has the right set the necessary functional departments and recruit the management personnel, responsible for coordinating five departments (technology research and development, product design and manufacture, ecological operation, marketing, and financial personnel) form organization and management system centered it. technology committee the technology research and development department responsible for the development and audit the underlying technology. the basic department the foundation. order ensure smooth internal sharing information, the technology research and development department should exchange information with other departments (especially product design department), timely adjust the communication project details, and determine the direction research and development the next stage. deepbrain chain: artificial intelligence computing platform driven blockchain introduction product design committee the product design department responsible for enriching and perfecting the product framework provided the technical department. the department establishes sustainable concrete development strategy, such conducting market research, coordinating product functions, and undertaking design and image design deepbrain chain. members need keep abreast community dynamics, hot spots, and feedback. members also need actively communicate with tokens holders and irregularly organize technical exchanges and other activities. ecological operations committee the basis the technical and product sectors, the eco-operations department responsible for "one outside one inside." first, the work will extended the depths, and the partners will actively explored. deepbrain chain, end users, and partners will closely linked create open and distributed global ecosystem privacy protection. second, the department will strive build community within the ecological circle, form user community with benign interaction, and let fully symmetrical information flow freely. marketing committee the marketing department responsible for promoting the core derivative products and services deepbrain chain. responsibilities include, but are not limited to, communication with the media, advertising, design, user interaction, and on. the department will work closely with the ecological operations department and, according the requirements partners and end users, develop the most appropriate publicity program. financial personnel committee the financial personnel department responsible for the management the company's financial affairs and personnel matters, such capital management, accounting, cost control, and other aspects the work. the same time, due the high risk digital assets projects, the department also responsible for risk management business, cooperating with other departments for project management, financial risk analysis, and evaluation. auditing, the existing system difficult supervise effectively, because the particularity digital assets and token itself. the decision committee will hire professional auditors with relevant experience ensure transparency and openness dbc use. chapter risk tips systematic risk: refers the possible change the revenue due the common factor the global factor, which affects the return all securities the same way. take policy risk, for instance. present, the country's supervision policy for blockchain project and token sale mode financing not clear, and there certain possibility loss participants caused policy reasons. for the market risk, the overall value the digital asset market overestimated, then the investment risk will increase; the participants may expect the token sale project grow high, but these high expectations may not realized. the same time, systemic risk also includes series force majeure factors, including, but not limited to, natural disasters, large-scale failures computer networks the world, and political unrest. deepbrain chain: artificial intelligence computing platform driven blockchain introduction risk lack supervision: digital asset trading, including dbc, highly uncertain, due the lack strong supervision the field digital asset trading. meanwhile, electronic token has the risk soaring, plunging, and being manipulated the banker. individual lacking experience enters the market, may difficult resist the impact assets and psychological pressure caused market instability. although academic experts and the media sometimes give cautious participation suggestions, there are written regulatory methods and provisions introduced, way that the current risk difficult effectively circumvent. risk supervision: undeniable that the foreseeable future, regulations will introduced regulate the blockchain economy concerning the electronic token sector. regulatory bodies regulate the sector, the tokens purchased during the token sale period may affected, leading fluctuations limitations price and marketability. team risk: present, there are many teams and projects the blockchain technology field, and the competition very fierce. there strong market competition and project operation pressure. whether not deepbrain chain project can break through many excellent projects and become widely recognized, not only linked its own team capacity and vision planning, but also linked external factors such competitors and even oligarchs the market. there possibility vicious competition. risk within team: deepbrain chain brings together team both vigor and strength, attracting senior practitioners the field blockchain, experts the field artificial intelligence, and experienced technical development personnel, etc. pioneer china's regional blockchain the field artificial intelligence token sale, deepbrain chain boasts stability and cohesion the team, which are crucial the overall development the project. the future development nonetheless, note that not possible exclude the possibility that the team will negatively affected the departure the core personnel and conflicts within the team. project overall planning and marketing risk: the deepbrain chain initiative team will spare effort achieve the development goals outlined the white paper and extend the growth space the project. because the white paper may adjusted the details the project become updated, the details the project update are not timely obtained the token sale participants, there could information asymmetry, which might negatively affect the subsequent development the project. project technology risk: first all, the project based cryptographic algorithm, and the rapid development cryptography bound bring potential risks cracked. secondly, while blockchain, distributed ledger system, decentralization, disagreeing with tampering, and other technologies support the core business development, deepbrain chain team cannot fully guarantee the landing all these technologies. thirdly, during the process project updating and adjustment, there may loopholes, which can remedied releasing patches, but the extent the impact caused the vulnerability will variable. hacker attack and crime risk: terms security, the amount single supporter very small, but the total number large, which puts forward high requirements for the security the project. note that electronic tokens are anonymous and difficult trace. they could easily used criminals, attacked hackers, involved transferring illegal assets. other risks unknown present: with the continuous development blockchain technology and industry, deepbrain chain may face some unexpected risks. participants should fully understand the team background, deepbrain chain: artificial intelligence computing platform driven blockchain introduction deepbrain chain may face some unexpected risks. participants should fully understand the team background, know the overall framework and ideas the project, make reasonable adjustments their vision, and participate the collection tokens rationally before participating. chapter disclaimer this document only used communication information. the content the document for reference only and does not constitute any investment proposal solicitation the sale stocks securities pertaining deepbrain chain and its related companies. such solicitation must carried out the form confidential memorandum and must comply with relevant securities laws and other laws. the content this document should not interpreted forced participation the token sale. any act related this white paper shall not considered participating the token sale, including taking copy the white paper the sharing it. participation token sale represents that one has reached the age standard and has complete capacity for civil conduct, that the contract with deepbrain chain true and effective. all participants sign the contract voluntarily and should have clear and necessary understanding deepbrain chain before signing the contract. deepbrain chain team will continue make reasonable attempts ensure that the information this white paper true and accurate. the development process, the platform may updated, including but not limited platform mechanisms, tokens, their mechanisms, and token distribution. part the content the document may adjusted the new white paper the project progresses. the team will update the content issuing announcements new white papers the website. participants must access the latest version the white paper and timely adjust their decisions according the updated content. the deepbrain chain clearly indicates that they not bear the loss participants due (i) facts that might depend the content the document, (ii) inaccuracies the information this article, and (iii) any act resulting from this article. the team will spare effort achieve the goals mentioned the document. however, given the presence force majeure, the team might not able completely accomplish the commitment. official token deepbrain chain, dbc important tool for platform effectiveness, not investment product. owning dbc does not represent the ownership, control, and decision-making power the deepbrain chain platform granted its owner. dbc encrypted token used the deepbrain chain, does not belong the following categories: (a) any kind currency; (b) securities; (c) shares legal entities; (d) stocks, bonds, notes, warrants, certificates, other instruments granting any rights. dbc's value depends the laws the market and the demand after landing. may not have any value, which case the team will not make additional commitment increase its value. the team not responsible for the consequences caused the increase decrease the value dbc. within the maximum extent permitted applicable law, the team not responsible for damages and risks arising from participation public offerings, including, but not limited to, direct indirect personal damage, loss commercial profits, loss commercial information, any other economic loss. deepbrain chain: artificial intelligence computing platform driven blockchain introduction the deepbrain chain platform complies with any regulatory policy that conducive the healthy development the token sale industry, well industry self-regulation statements. participant's participation means that she will fully accept and comply with such inspections. the same time, all information disclosed the participant complete such inspections must complete and accurate. the deepbrain chain platform clearly communicates the possible risks the participants. once participants have participated the token sale, they have recognized the terms and conditions detail, have accepted the potential risks the platform, and have borne the consequences their own expense. citizens nations that have banned token sale are not allowed participate.