delizia innovative restaurant business system content introduction global needs delizia application project description coin model and loyalty system technical specifications and reward system roadmap introduction information technologies with every passing year information technologies deeper penetrate into our life. online banking, calling taxi, paying for mobile communications, food delivery--all this routine actions are transferred smartphones, and now people not remember that there was the time when these actions were performed another way. problem the horeca global market fast developing field economics result, horeca (hotels, restaurants, catering), the hospitality industry, the most profitable and fast developing field modern economics. but the horeca global market highly intensive with regard the key market parameters: capital, management, marketing and personnel, which greatly increases the level competition and impedes appearing new market players. needs and trends the market today, automation interaction with the customer the most popular and preferred solution towards which the whole market moving. however, purchasing expensive terminals and spending millions rubles software development just about copying the functionality competitors. the market feels the need shared cloud platform which could provide access orders without involving waiter cashier and would not require installation expensive terminals and development software but use smartphones guests catering facilities instead. global needs user needs today's users have already used make their choice via uniform platform: very handy when you can find all facilities matching the required criteria once, read reviews and see ratings. instead many applications for different restaurants each would prefer have one application with uniform interface that would not require from sort out over again. customers became more wellminded, more often they are interested discounts and special offers. their expectations have also changed: requirements dishes, quality and speed service grew up. various bank cash backs, loyalty savings cards and group buying are very popular now. what ... and what users paying card were getting remuneration form points for visiting restaurant addition common cash back? and these points could spent any catering facility instead certain one. what were possible learn about promotions restaurants within uniform ecosystem? what users were getting push notifications promotions their favorite restaurants without downloading application for each them? delizia application delizia intended address all these challenges. mobile application based geolocation, blockchain system, smart contract technology and use codes. the delizia mobile application for ios and android, and web application accessible from any browser are developed. the service will allow speed and simplify the process servicing the horeca industry which will make life guests, staff and restaurant keepers much easier. now will possible manage your order catering facility your own using your mobile phone. using the delizia service installing the delizia application any guest: pay the order online pay the order with either bank card cryptocurrency without waiting for waiter easily find restaurant and book table online any language read restaurant menu any language best offers learn about its best offers and promotions information will immediately get all information about restaurant any restaurant using the delizia service will both optimize and automate business processes and increase average bill value, and customizable bonus and loyalty system will help attract new clients and retain existing ones. the benefits our project delizia application our main benefits are listed below: for business guests investors reduction labour costs faster customer service user-friendly menu editing tool powerful marketing tool ensure better average bill value time saving high quality service user-friendly interface reliable opinions and ratings detailed information menu coin-option with high liquidity resistance speculations the exchange available and transparent investments automation fulfilment obligations project description the proposed solution consists the following functional units: e-menu the menu includes images dishes grouped categories. loyalty system loyalty system planned implemented within the application. comments and reviews the delizia application guests restaurant will able leave their feedback for the compensation. marketing and analytics using delizia restaurant will able analyze its work easily. automation and payment orders person paying via mobile application not feel that the money real. e-menu the menu includes images dishes grouped categories. there pass-through unit with recommendations that can edited administrator and/or manager restaurant keeper will able create combination dishes recommendations: ordering one dish guest will offered order accompanying dish, for example, tea coffee for dessert. this way the application extends client's order, and average bill the restaurant will increased. restaurant keeper will able change contents the menu, immediately put items stop add new dishes without wasting time money printing. comments and reviews the delizia application guests restaurant will able leave their feedback for the compensation form delizia coins (local currency the application). such reviews-- either about facility dish--made under pressure will not 'bad' 'good' but true possible instead. loyalty system loyalty system planned implemented within the application. users will get local points for all purchases the application well for any reviews they leave and grades they give. marketing and analytics using delizia restaurant will able analyze its work easily. restaurant keepers will get opportunity know their clients person and understand their tastes and preferences. analytics the delizia system makes possible make full portrait guest including potential one. guest's name, age, location, average bill restaurants, grades given dishes and facilities, specific preferences dishes--with delizia everything possible. thus, the restaurant gets powerful marketing tool set mailing list for the most interested audience and with high conversion. restaurant will offer the dishes which guest will order with the utmost probability. having detailed statistics and full information about each guest, restaurant keeper with the help artificial intelligence system with computer- assisted instruction which analyses huge body data user preferences can configure list recommended dishes that any person would like try them. automation and payment orders thus, bill paid via restaurant application, amount average bill increases case noncash payment people not notice that they spend more money, their shopping capacity seems unlimited them. and spending bit more than usual, they won't low pocket. person paying via mobile application not feel that the money real. that's why many guests choose higher percent tips without moment's hesitation. coin model and loyalty system planned implement our own cryptocurrency within the delizia project. fast food guests can use the delizia coins pay orders the application. the delizia coin primary tool keep users inside the ecosystem and increase their loyalty. the delizia coins can exchanged for fiat money, i.e. turned cashback paid user for performing target actions within the application every user can pay the whole order part with the delizia coins restaurant. when user tries pay with the delizia coins, offer sell the user's coins the internal exchange the application will generated. after that, the delizia coins will converted the fiat money which will credited the account the restaurant keeper. thus, the user will able pay the orders with the delizia coins received within the system which inspires the user make more orders the system and earn the delizia coins taking particular actions. technical specifications and reward system technical specifications technical specifications rewards %/pos reward system block no. premine deliz block no. deliz coin name delizia symbol deliz type pos/mn maturity blocks algo quark deliz- deliz block time sec masternode collateral block no. block no. deliz deliz min staking age hours max coin supply block no. deliz premine from block coins reward increase the remuneration each block blocks from block coins reward decrease the remuneration each block blocks roadmap network launch release website listing exchange listing masternodes.online release whitepaper presale marketing campaign listing platforms listing the second exchange listing coinmarketcap various bounty companies android wallet ios wallet staking web wallet partnership with various restaurants release platform marketing campaign print editions launch application version for ios and android marketing company for introduction the platform the large restaurant chains beta test restaurant automation system. company registration participation the blockchain conference and presentation our platform launch first restaurants based our platform adding various payment systems the platform thank you for attention!