delphy foundation: revolutionary platform for predicting future events wang wang.bo@delphy.org abstract delphy open-source, decentralized, mobile prediction market platform built ethereum. the delphy app light ethereum node that runs mobile devices. delphy uses incentives allow participants market communicate, instantly and transparently, their wisdom regarding the outcome upcoming events, effectively predicting the future. designed delphy from the start decentralized, which makes difficult manipulate prediction results. delphy prediction markets, dpy tokens are used (i) delphy users pay for certain prediction through delphy and (ii) incentivize delphy users (through the payment fixed number dpy tokens) virtually "buy and sell" "outcome shares" the market. users virtually "buy and sell" such "outcome shares" based what they see the probability any given moment and agree virtual "price" that such transactions will occur. long prediction active, the virtual price continues fluctuate and indicates the probability outcome according the crowd's wisdom. when market matures, meaning the market event transpires the real world, delphy determines the winning outcome based the oracle the event. there payment any form (whether fiat dpy tokens) between the buyers and sellers with respect the purchase and sale the "outcome shares". there are "winners" and losers" once the market matures and there will payment winnings (whether the form dpy tokens otherwise) "winners" deduction assets (whether the form dpy tokens otherwise) from the "losers". the delphy platform implements three the necessary conditions for crowd wisdom put forth james surowiecki; diversity opinion, independence making opinions, and decentralization organization. prediction markets there are two main methods used scientific predictions; the first statistics and mathematical models, and the second machine learning and data mining. essence, these two methods use historical data and software systems generate predictions. recent years, third method, "social analysis", increasing trend the prediction market. the market uses incentives allow the public, not just identified experts, contribute their own experience and wisdom, pooling market information together help make decisions and allowing the group more intelligent than single individual expert. theory and operation essence, the market collects the judgements and confidences parties involved the same event, which results prediction the future outcome the event. similar the stock market, which serves assign price the future estimated value stock, "prediction markets" assign value belief about the future prediction). specifically, prediction markets usually predict the outcome event asking questions about possible outcomes. each possible outcome has its own probability. the sum the probabilities all the outcomes equal the probability outcome represents the transaction price the outcome the market. james surowiecki, well-known journalist the u.s., put forth three conditions for crowd wisdom: diversity opinion, independence making opinions and decentralized organization. similarly, prediction markets work best when market participants have different backgrounds, not base their decisions the opinions others, and base their opinions local knowledge. prediction markets have three characteristics: efficient collection diverse and disparate information. effective and transparent incentive mechanisms obtain truthful and relevant information. near real-time information updates, that result manipulation becomes quite difficult. prediction markets are widely used many sectors, including but not limited insurance, national defense, healthcare, public management, sports, entertainment, and even within companies. for example, labs and the california institute technology co-chaired three-year prediction market experiment. the study conducted different predictions with employees from different labs departments (business, finance, marketing, etc.) experiments showed that more than the predictions were more accurate than hp's official predictions. the u.s. department defense publicized "policy analysis market" (later dubbed "terrorism futures market"), which mainly predicted the political and military turmoil eight middle eastern countries well the response from the u.s., aimed improving america's intelligence gathering capability around the world. u.s. senators later rejected and canceled this prediction market. google announced its use prediction market within the company predict product release dates, new office openings and other strategic events. intrade.com famous political prediction market where the participants can trade presidential election results from different countries. the accuracy the predictions incredible. for example, the u.s. presidential election, intrade.com predicted which states bush and kerry would win, and the predictions were surprisingly similar the election results. scientific prediction methods have been around since the start the information age. theories underlying the prediction markets include the efficient capital markets hypothesis (ecmh) and the hayek hypothesis. these hypotheses help explain how information aggregated such that market prices provide accurate estimates the likelihood future outcomes. according ecmh, capital markets are efficient reflecting information about individual stocks and the stock market whole, that amount analysis forecast future stock prices can beat the market. the hayek hypothesis assumes that market prices are the means aggregate disparate pieces information. the market works even when people only have limited knowledge about their surrounding environment and other parties involved. page delphy foundation: revolutionary platform for predicting future events the prediction market, accurate is, also faces some challenges. represents public opinion, which can influenced many factors. segmented prediction markets also lack liquidity. people are only concerned about big things those things related their own interests; therefore, difficult collect enough samples generate general predictions. many people participated when the prediction was about the u.s. presidential election between clinton and trump, but would another story were presidential election small developing country africa. the prediction market has also made some big mistakes, the brexit vote, for example. june the day the brexit vote, prediction markets forecast that the probability rate staying the european union (eu) was whereas the reality was that exiting the won small margin. history the following timeline shows important historical events related prediction markets. accuracy prediction markets trades the probable outcome future events. the future price contracts reflects the dynamic expectation the probability those events. the market able amalgamate the collective wisdom all the participants. experiments show that the prediction market often more accurate than traditional predicting tools. also has many other advantages, like continuous real-time information gathering, active participation, information disclosure, high efficiency, and measurability. consensus point, website whose chief scientist dr. robin hanson, once announced that the accuracy rate its prediction markets was survey found that iowa electronic markets (iem) the university iowa predicted five presidential elections more accurately than ordinary polls all cases. the election data the figure below clearly shows that the market predictions are quite accurate. the long-term prediction market has great advantage accuracy over individual predictions. the more participants, the more accurate the market will be. the following two reasons might help explain why: due the complexity events, individual can possess complete set information. the knowledge distributed amongst group people. prediction markets provide mechanism for those with insightful ideas put forth their information. when different ideas occur, people will vote altering their trading practices, rather than simply succumbing the current consensus from peer pressure. delphy foundation: revolutionary platform for predicting future events comparison with traditional methods the following table compares prediction markets with other common methods gathering information and opinions. redefined blockchain although prediction markets work well, their current centralized implementation has plenty shortcomings. first, centralized markets cannot prove their own innocence. many markets are suspected having been manipulated, subjecting users financial loss. second, market finances are usually highly supervised, which results lack user participation and limited transaction volume, thus keeping out the mainstream. for example, the united states, the cftc forced the famous prediction market intrade.com close because failed comply with u.s. laws. third, there certain conflict interest between the prediction markets and current experts, social opinion leaders, and public opinion polling organizations. today, with the rise peer-to-peer blockchain technology, prediction markets can take advantage decentralization and popularize their applications. first, blockchain data replicated across the network, and its tamper-proof implementation enables prediction platforms prove their own innocence. second, decentralization also allows prediction markets gain global liquidity and the ability maintain massive amount users. third, blockchain-based prediction markets can attract more insiders and professionals participate using token incentives. delphy: the decentralized prediction market platform delphy decentralized social mobile prediction market platform built ethereum. the intrinsic decentralization ethereum ensures that predictive results are hard manipulate which promotes information diversity, independent decision-making and decentralized organization. delphy mobile application platform for the prediction market and ecosystem for prediction service (paas). users can participate prediction market transactions anytime and anywhere, well use the delphy api and sdk custom-tailor all kinds vertical field prediction markets. the following chart summarizes the similarities and differences between delphy and existing decentralized prediction markets: delphy foundation: revolutionary platform for predicting future events delphy market mechanism users can search the system's live event pool, select the event they are interested in, and create market. market making dpy token scoring trading delphy will issue its dpy token, which based the ethereum smart contract and complies with erc standards. erc based tokens enable ethereum wallets, exchanges and other smart contracts interact with variety tokens common way. the dpy token, generated delphy smart contracts, will released during the delphy ico. delphy prediction markets, dpy tokens are used (i) delphy users pay for certain prediction through delphy and (ii) incentivize delphy users (through the payment fixed number dpy tokens) virtually buy and sell "outcome shares" (the "shares") the market. users virtually buy and sell such shares based what they see the probability any given moment and agree virtual "price" that such transactions will occur. long prediction active, the virtual price continues fluctuate and indicates the probability outcome according the crowd's wisdom. there payment any form (whether fiat dpy tokens) between the buyers and sellers with respect the purchase and sale shares. delphy uses the logarithmic market scoring rule (lmsr) calculate the virtual price every outcome the market real-time traders start virtually buy and sell shares. lmsr provides virtually unlimited market liquidity. this different from traditional non-lmsr prediction markets and the stock market. general, the more shares particular outcome that are virtually purchased, the higher its virtual price will be, while the more virtually sold, the lower the virtual price. delphy, users can find out real-time virtual prices and trends for each outcome. there payment any form (whether fiat dpy tokens) between the buyers and sellers with respect the purchase and sale shares. incentivize delphy users virtually buy and sell shares the market (and assist with the accuracy prediction), delphy users will paid fixed number dpy tokens for their participation the market. market closure create event "event" refers future event interest predicted delphy the form question and answers. for example, "will rain tomorrow washington d.c. delphy, users can create events based future events the real world using the event editor and event template. when creating event, clients submit detailed description, all possible outcomes, the oracle that determines the outcome, and other information needed. events can open invitation only. all delphy users can participate open event, while invitation-only event only visible and available invited users. the created event enters temporary event pool delphy. the system also has event filter, which filters out illegal unethical events, such predictions the assassination country's leader the overthrow government. after filtering, the remaining events enter the system's live event pool create markets when market matures, meaning the market event transpires the real world, delphy determines the winning outcome based the oracle the event. there are "winners" and losers" once the market matures and there will payment winnings (whether the form dpy tokens otherwise) "winners" deduction assets (whether the form dpy tokens otherwise) from the "losers". certain transaction fees (e.g., the gas required ethereum) occur when market creation and trading. delphy will withhold nominal fee cover all necessary transaction costs associated with the market. when the market liquidated, the event market officially closed with future transactions allowed that particular market. the oracle associated with the market cannot decide the outcome, users dispute the correct outcome, delphy will provide variety ways resolve the dispute. messages comments every market delphy usually comes with list all necessary outcomes and comment area where traders can leave messages showing why they choose what they did and the rationale for their choice. such event-based social activities provide more trading signals than the prediction virtual price alone. delphy also provides functions like peer-to-peer messaging, otc trading, etc. scoring principle the logarithmic market scoring rule (lmsr), proposed dr. hanson, automated market creating mechanism that always maintains consistent probability distribution reflect the market's evaluation each event outcome. lmsr becoming the facto standard for prediction markets, has many excellent features, such as, infinite liquidity, and the modularity independent relationships. many internal prediction markets and projects, such inkling markets, microsoft, yoonew, google and general electric, are using lmsr virtual pricing mechanism. prediction market, when the market created from event outcome can one the following types: create markets binary "will donald trump run for re-election?" after users create event, they build corresponding prediction market provide trading platform for participants. the outcome can only "yes" "no". delphy foundation: revolutionary platform for predicting future events swarm list "which pharmaceutical company will release drug for diabetes from //?" the outcome will list items. range swarm decentralized file management mechanism that helps delphy store static files and metadata related events and markets prediction markets provide distributed storage and retrieval services for delphy mobile applications. light ethereum subprotocol (les) "what will the average customer rating for the new product launch be? the outcome will have wide range. lmsr decides how determine the virtual share price each event outcome, and the probability each outcome any point time. delphy architecture delphy decentralized social prediction market platform built ethereum and the delphy app light ethereum client running mobile devices. delphy open source project with contributions from around the world. les mechanism designed for mobile devices (such smartphones, etc.) that only downloads the head block rather than the entire block during blockchain synchronization. provides fully secure blockchain access, but does not participate mining consensus formation. delphy mobile app with the ubiquity smartphones and the success platforms such telegram and wechat, delphy adopts the "born mobile" strategy. delphy takes advantage the les protocol ethereum provide decentralized prediction market mobile application. light ethereum client running independently mobile devices rather than just browser-based stand-alone desktop applications. the delphy mobile app uses les run the geth and web.js framework smartphones, providing powerful and secure functions. users can easily create events, create market according the event they have interest in, set the event market description and metadata, quickly query the event market for virtual share price and movement, buy sell shares and make payments dpy tokens different markets. oracle oracle the information release mechanism for the real outcome events delphy. oracle determines the predicted outcome event delphy providing series apis, which delphy uses determine the outcome the prediction market achieve the final settlement. oracle can centralized (such realitykeys and oraclize), well multi-centralized. centralized oracle enough when predictive application only needs single data point verify the results. for example, predicting nba game, the results the nba official website may enough. for multi-centralized oracle, will devise incentive mechanism and implement the out mode and oracle's dispute resolution solution. delphy core elements delphy features ethereum delphy app light ethereum client ethereum public, open-source, distributed platform, based blockchain technology that features smart contract (scripting) functionality and provides decentralized, trustworthy and permissioned asset issuing and trading infrastructure for delphy. ethereum essentially social computing platform. delphy prediction market social networks and mobile distributed application (dapp). dapp the public ethereum blockchain, delphy helps promote ethereum the mass market. delphy mobile platform running light ethereum client based les. the delphy app supports all the functions ethereum full node, except mining, and leverages the protocol communicate directly with the other nodes the ethereum network. this greatly improves efficiency and makes the delphy app, sdk and api powerful and scalable. smart contract smartphones are the preferred platform choice for delphy develop its application. the delphy ios and android mobile apps will launch simultaneously with the delphy platform, and will improve user friendliness, maximally meet users' needs, and boost the popularization ethereum and its development environment. delphy takes advantage ethereum smart contracts issue dpy tokens, create events and markets, connect oracle and event filters, well complete virtual pricing, trading, matching, liquidity, and on. naturally mobile delphy foundation: revolutionary platform for predicting future events customizable users can create markets using the same event with different preferences. each market may have different oracle, and dispute arbitration mechanism. users with different preferences can choose their own markets for transactions and really achieve personalized market creation and cooperation. event filter user-created events enter temporary event pool provided delphy. the system provides default event filter that filters out illegal unethical events, such predictions the assassination country's leader the overthrow government. delphy also provides filter apis for users create their own event filters comply with the laws, regulations and customs their own countries and jurisdictions. delphy reserves the right create event filters comply with the laws, regulations and customs their own countries and jurisdictions. individuals who know news bogus have financial incentive share their unique information. points interest (poi) with the improvement people's living conditions, tourism has become important leisure activity for chinese people. however, because the tourism resources are centralized and limited, most scenic spots are extremely crowded for people travelling during holidays. only few famous spots can avoid such congestion. predicting advance which scenic spots have relatively fewer visitors appealing most people. west lake world-renowned scenic spot the zhejiang province china, took measures limit the number tourists receives each year, because the number often vastly exceeds the maximum carrying capacity set the country. recent years, the area has also adopted technology analyze large amounts tourist data, providing reference point and basis for managing tourist numbers. the technology also sets appropriate tour routes, dynamically processes tourist information and helps develop business strategies. social entertainment the delphy app social prediction market interface. predicting social event, and delphy includes commenting, messaging and otc, let users socialize with each other single platform. the entertainment industry one the most prosperous industries the world. according china's "th five-year plan", the market cap the culture and entertainment industry will reach billion for and may trillion with the television and film sector alone being valued billion. prediction markets can widely used the entertainment industry, for such things forecasting auditions variety shows, ratings, movie box office results and on. delphy applications delphy mobile platform for the prediction market and ecosystem the predictions service (paas) platform. users can participate transactions any prediction market anytime and anywhere, well use the delphy api and sdk customize prediction markets based different vertical field parameters. delphy applicable prediction markets for insurance, national defense, health care, public management, sports, entertainment, and even markets within organizations. notable that hollywood already has box office prediction market. demonstrated its amazing accuracy with its predictions for the academy awards ceremony. the hollywood stock exchange successfully predicted out the nominations via ranking transaction prices, and correctly predicted seven out the eight main awards before the ceremony officially began. science discovery prediction markets have the potential allocate global scientific research and development resources and efforts more effectively. efficient mechanism aggregate data leading experts' beliefs the plausibility successfully accomplishing scientific goals will help focus resources more realistic projects. additionally, many scientific research studies provide data that unfortunately are not reproduceable. currently, the scientific community has increased concern this topic. data gauge the costs associated with irreproducible preclinical research have recently been estimated us$ billion year the united states. governments and companies are investing billions further exploration initially flawed research. prediction markets will provide mechanism easily recognize the studies with findings that will difficult replicate. fake news social media platforms and increasing news sources have made easy start and propagate fake news. group political scientists and legal scholars science publication, "we must redesign our information ecosystem the century reduce the spread fake news and address the underlying pathologies has revealed." their studies report false story reaches people six times quicker, average, than true story does. the consequences associated with fake news are incalculable deaths have occurred people believing and trying discover the validity fake news. the uncertainty fake news brings our society about the validity real news and the prospects future economic factors create tremendous damage gdp growth. prediction markets platform focused "news validation" makes extremely costly for false news persist truth. housing prices housing prices topic that concerns most people, the house usually the highest asset holding for most households, but key opinion leaders (kol) and third-party transaction reports are currently the main data sources used predict current housing prices. obviously, the prediction market, with the public participating express their viewpoints, can intuitively reflect current housing price expectations. addition purchasers and sellers, this data also provides valuable reference points for governmental macro-control policies and real estate company investment plans. although there are several channels collect housing price data, the prediction market will use data released quarterly from official government sources such the u.s. house price index the national bureau statistics china ensure data reliability. delphy foundation: revolutionary platform for predicting future events legal matters and risk factors games the online game market size huge and continues grow. according the china game industry report", the market cap china's game industry exceeded billion and shows signs slowing anytime soon. the u.s., the market cap exceeded billion. for games the prediction market, call our apis within the games provide players with the game playing methods and mechanism instead relying game developers include the methods and mechanism. when comes games like theme parks, players can meticulously build and operate their own theme parks and even invite friends join. for example, players can buy land, hire employees and set game facilities the way they want them. governance policies the prediction market can help all organizations maximize the efficiency its human resources. helps pool the knowledge, wisdom and experience all stakeholders, enhance the overall competitiveness the organization, and provide channel for all employees express themselves and contribute the development the organization. more importantly, improves the sense participation, which means lot the millennial generation. therefore, prediction market within the organization can help managers and administrators better understand employees' ideas and guide the organization's operation. for example, microsoft once used prediction market forecast whether product would delivered time. within the first three minutes the transaction, the price "on time" went down, meaning that participants had faith the product being delivered time. the project manager held meeting discuss how solve the delay problem, and the price went back up. ultimately, the product was not delivered time because end users were not satisfied with some its performance. this example shows that prediction market, collecting all kinds information, can help refine the governing policies inside organization. microsoft not the only company that has deployed prediction market. for the past ten years, many fortune companies, including hp, best buy, general electric, google and ibm, have been doing the same thing. economist david rothschild believes that using prediction markets business decisions has two purposes. one inform participants what may happen the future that they can collect information and resources more efficiently, and the other make them know how the various factors affect prediction results. addition, prediction markets also help organizations more effectively manage economic and social risks, such decline consumer demand, disease outbreaks and epidemics, and environmental disasters. delphy legal structure non-profit foundation, delphy foundation limited ("delphy foundation"), has been established singapore with respect delphy, which will act independent legal entity organize core team develop such decentralized prediction market platform and application. however, the operation and use delphy per will fully subject and dependent the community's autonomy and the delphy foundation will merely garden-variety member within the community who may put forward proposals suggestions delphy's self-governance without supreme distinguishable power authority. the delphy foundation will sell, the form private sales and crowdsale, dpy tokens that are designed used the delphy platform. dpy will serve the payment method and unit account for users use delphy's services. nobody will responsible repurchase redeem any sold dpy. dpy, kind virtual commodity with practical uses, are not securities speculative investment instruments. the delphy foundation does not guarantee any intrinsic value economic return from dpy. dpy does not represent any real-world assets rights (such shares, voting rights, etc.) the delphy foundation. the typical target users dpy are crypto-token and blockchain veterans. u.s. citizens, permanent residents, green card holders are allowed participate the dpy crowdsale, thus the delphy foundation will not sell dpy the foregoing persons. the delphy foundation will use proceeds from the sale dpy its own discretion, which include expenses for technical development, marketing, compliance, financial audit, business development, etc. delphy contains completely decentralized prediction market top ethereum. anyone around the world can access, free geographical restrictions, the inherent functions delphy by, and only by, consuming dpy. the delphy platform has neither physical presence nor association with the territory fiat currency any country region. nevertheless, regulatory authorities various countries around the world may confront delphy with interrogatories and supervision. satisfy and comply with the local laws and regulations, the delphy platform may out service certain jurisdictions. the delphy foundation and its team will endeavor seek "sandbox policy" safe harbor treatment allow delphy better serve the users. disclaimers the delphy foundation does not make, and hereby disclaims, any representation warranty with respect delphy dpy (such merchantability fitness for particular purposes), except those expressly specified herein. each purchaser's decision participate the dpy crowdsale and purchase any dpy shall made based his/her own knowledge delphy and dpy and the information disclosed this whitepaper. without prejudice the generality the foregoing, each purchaser will, upon the launch delphy, accept dpy "as is" basis, irrespective the technical specifications, parameters, performance function thereof. the delphy foundation hereby expressly disclaims its liability, and shall case liable any person, for: any person's purchase dpy violation any anti-money laundering, counter-terrorism financing other regulatory requirements that are imposed any jurisdiction; delphy foundation: revolutionary platform for predicting future events any person's purchase dpy violation any representation, warranty, obligation, covenant other provision under this whitepaper, and the resulting failure inability make his/her payment claim relevant purchased dpy; early termination the dpy crowdsale for any reason; failure abortion delphy development and resulting failure deliver dpy; delay rescheduling delphy development and resulting failure meet any anticipated milestone; any error, bug, flaw, defect otherwise the source code delphy; any malfunction, breakdown, collapse, rollback hard fork delphy the blockchain ethereum; failure delphy dpy meet any specific purpose, unfitness for any specific use; utilization the proceeds raised through the dpy crowdsale; failure timely and completely disclose any information relating the development delphy; any purchaser's divulgence, loss destruction the private key his/her crypto-currency crypto-token wallet (inter alia, the private key the delphy wallet used that purchaser); any default, breach, infringement, breakdown, collapse, service suspension interruption, fraud, mishandling, misconduct, malpractice, negligence, bankruptcy, insolvency, dissolution winding-up any third party crowdfunding portal dpy; any difference, conflict contradiction between this whitepaper and agreement between any purchaser and any third party crowdfunding portal; trading speculation dpy any person; listing delisting dpy from any exchange; dpy being classified treated any government, quasi-government, authority public body kind currency, securities, commercial paper, negotiable instrument, investment otherwise that may banned, regulated subject certain legal restrictions; any risk factors disclosed this whitepaper and any damage, loss, claim, liability, punishment, cost other adverse impact that caused by, associated with, connection with, incidental consequential that risk factor. risk factors the delphy foundation believes that there are numerous risks involved the development, maintenance and running delphy, many which are beyond the control the delphy foundation. each dpy purchaser should peruse, comprehend and consider carefully the risks described below addition the other information stated herein before deciding participate the dpy crowdsale campaign. each dpy purchaser should pay particular attention the fact that, while the delphy foundation established the republic singapore, delphy and dpy lie cyberspace only without physical presence and hence not fall within pertain any specific jurisdiction. participating the dpy crowdsale campaign shall action based upon prudent decision and will deemed the relevant dpy purchaser having been fully aware and agreed take all the risks below. termination the campaign the dpy crowdsale campaign may early terminated, case which purchaser may only refunded with part his/her payment result the bitcoin ether price volatility and/or the expenses incurred the delphy foundation. insufficient information availability delphy the stage development the date this whitepaper and its philosophy, consensus mechanism, algorithm, code and other technical specifications and parameters could updated and changed frequently and constantly. while this whitepaper has contained the then up-to-date key information delphy, not absolutely complete and subject adjustments and updates that the delphy foundation might make from time time for certain purposes. the delphy foundation not position, nor obliged, keep the purchasers closely posted every detail delphy development (including its progress and expected milestones matter whether rescheduled not) and therefore will not necessarily provide the purchasers with timely and full access all the information relating delphy that may emerge from time time. the insufficiency information disclosure inevitable and reasonable. regulatory measures crypto-tokens are being, may be, overseen the regulatory authorities various jurisdictions. the delphy foundation may receive queries, notices, warnings, requests rulings from one more regulatory authorities from time time, may even ordered suspend discontinue any action connection with the campaign, delphy's development dpy. the development, marketing, promotion otherwise delphy the dpy crowdsale campaign may seriously affected, hindered terminated result. and since regulatory policies could change from time time, existing regulatory permission tolerance delphy the dpy crowdsale campaign any jurisdiction could just temporary. dpy could defined from time time virtual commodity, digital asset even securities currency various jurisdictions and therefore could prohibited from being traded held certain jurisdictions pursuant local regulatory requirements. cryptography cryptography evolving and cannot guarantee absolute security all times. advances cryptography, such code cracking, technical advances such the development quantum computers, could present risks all cryptography-based systems including delphy. this could result the theft, loss, disappearance, destruction devaluation the dpy held any person. reasonable extent, the delphy foundation will prepared take proactive remedial steps update the protocol underlying delphy response any advances cryptography and incorporate additional reasonable security measures where appropriate the future cryptography security innovations unpredictable while the delphy foundation will try its best accommodate the continuing changes the domains cryptography and security. development failure abortion delphy still the process development, rather than finished product ready launch. due the technological complexity the delphy system, the delphy foundation could faced with unforeseeable and/or insurmountable difficulties from time time. accordingly, the development delphy could fail abort any time for any cause (including insufficiency funds). the development failure abortion would result non-availability the purchased dpy for crowdsale any purchaser. theft crowdsale proceeds there may attempts steal the crowdsale proceeds received the delphy foundation (including the fiat currency amount converted therefrom). such theft attempted theft may affect the ability the delphy foundation fund the development delphy. while the delphy foundation will adopt cutting-edge technical solutions keep the crowdsale proceeds safe, certain cyber thefts could hardly unpreventable. flaws source code nobody can guarantee the source code delphy flaw-free. may contain certain flaws, errors, defects and bugs, which may disable some functionality for users, expose users' information otherwise. such flaws, any, would compromise the usability, stability, and/or security delphy and consequently bring adverse delphy foundation: revolutionary platform for predicting future events impact the value dpy. open source codes rely transparency promote community-sourced identification and solution problems within the code. the delphy foundation will work closely together with the delphy community keep improving, optimizing and perfecting the source code delphy onwards. unpermissioned, decentralized and autonomous ledger there are three prevailing categories distributed ledger adopted among the contemporary blockchain projects, namely, unpermissioned ledger, consortium ledger and private ledger. delphy's underlying distributed ledger unpermissioned one, which means publicly accessible and useable everyone permission-free basis. while delphy initially developed the delphy foundation, not owned, operated otherwise controlled the delphy foundation. the community delphy, which spontaneously formed and open, decentralized and admission-free join, composed users, fans, developers, dpy holders and other participants worldwide who are mostly not connected with the delphy foundation any manner. such community will decentralized and autonomous the maintenance, governance and even evolution delphy while the delphy foundation will merely active player the community peer others without supreme arbitrary authority, irrespective its earlier efforts and contributions the genesis delphy. result, not the mercy the delphy foundation how delphy would governed evolve after the launch. update source code the source code delphy open and could updated, amended, altered modified from time time any member the community delphy. nobody able foresee guarantee the precise result update, amendment, alteration modification. result, any update, amendment, alteration modification could lead unexpected unintended outcome that adversely affects delphy's operation dpy's value. security weakness the blockchain delphy rests open-source software and unpermissioned distributed ledger. regardless the delphy foundation's effort keep the delphy system secure, anyone may intentionally unintentionally introduce weaknesses bugs into the core infrastructural elements delphy which the security measures adopted the delphy foundation unable prevent remedy. this may consequently result the loss dpy any other digital tokens held purchaser. "distributed denial service" attack the ethereum designed public and unpermissioned and therefore may suffer cyber-attacks "distributed denial service" from time time. such attacks will adversely affect, stagnate paralyze the network the delphy system and accordingly render the transactions thereon delayed recorded included the blocks the ethereum blockchain even temporarily unable performed. insufficiency processing power the rapid growth delphy will accompanied surge transaction numbers and demand processing power. the demand processing power outgrows how much the nodes the ethereum blockchain network can then provide, the network delphy could destabilized and/or stagnated, and there could fraudulent false transactions such "double-spending" arise. the worst-case scenario, the dpy held the purchasers could lost, and rollback even hardforking the blockchain the ethereum could triggered. all these aftermaths would harm the usability, stability and security delphy and the value dpy. unauthorized claim dpy for crowdsale any person who gains access the dpy purchaser's registered email registered account deciphering cracking the purchaser's password will able claim the purchased dpy for crowdsale bad faith. such, the relevant purchased dpy for crowdsale may missent the person whomever claims that the same through the purchaser's registered email registered account, which sending not revocable reversible. each dpy purchaser shall take care the security his/her registered email and registered account throughout taking such actions as: (i) using highly secure password; (ii) refraining from opening responding any scam emails; and (iii) keeping strictly confidential all the secret personal information about himself/herself. private key dpy wallet the loss destruction private key required access dpy may irreversible. dpy are controllable only possessing both the relevant unique public and private keys through the local online dpy wallet. each purchaser required safeguard the private keys contained his/her own dpy wallet(s). where such private key dpy purchaser lost, missing, divulged, destroyed otherwise compromised, neither the delphy foundation nor anyone else will able help the purchaser access retrieve the related dpy. inflation subject the specific underlying protocol the launch delphy, the total quantity dpy may slightly increase over time, and could further increase because the adoption patch upgrade delphy source code. the resulting inflation dpy supply could lead the drop market price, and consequently dpy holders (including the purchasers) could suffer economic losses. not guaranteed that purchaser dpy holder would compensated made good somehow for the dpy inflation. popularity the value dpy hinges heavily the popularity the delphy system. delphy not expected popular, prevalent widely used soon after the launch. the worst-case scenario that delphy may even remain marginalized the long run, appealing only minimal portion the users. contrast, significant portion dpy demand could speculative nature. the lack users may result increasing volatility dpy market price and consequently compromise delphy's long-term development. the delphy foundation will not (nor has the responsibility to) stabilize otherwise affect dpy's market price there any such price. liquidity dpy not currency issued any individual, entity, central bank national, supra-national quasi-national organization, nor backed any hard assets other credit. the circulation and trading dpy the market are not what the delphy foundation responsible for pursues. trading dpy merely depends the consensus its value between the relevant market participants. nobody obliged redeem purchase any dpy from any dpy holder (including the purchasers). nor does anyone guarantee the liquidity market price dpy any extent any time. divest his/her dpy, dpy holder would have locate one more willing buyers purchase the same mutually agreed price, which attempt could costly and time-consuming and does not necessarily bear fruit. and there could crypto-currency exchange other marketplace having dpy listed thereon for trading. price volatility cryptographic tokens, traded public markets, usually have extremely volatile prices. fluctuations price over short periods time frequently occur, which price may denominated bitcoin, ether, dollars any other fiat currency. such fluctuations could result from market forces (including speculations), regulatory changes, technical innovations, availability exchanges and other objective factors and represent changes the balance supply and demand. the delphy foundation not responsible for any secondary market trading dpy matter whether not there would such markets for dpy. therefore, the delphy foundation neither obliged tame the price volatility dpy nor cares about that. the risks associated with dpy trading price have taken the dpy traders themselves. competition delphy foundation: revolutionary platform for predicting future events delphy's underlying protocol based open-source computer software such that nobody claims copyright any other type intellectual property right the source code. result, anyone can legally copy, replicate, reproduce, engineer, modify, upgrade, improve, recode, reprogram otherwise utilize the source code and/or underlying protocol delphy attempt develop competing protocol, software, system virtual platform virtual machine, which out the delphy foundation's control and may consequently compete with even overshadow overtake delphy. besides, there have been and will various competing blockchain-based platforms that compete with delphy. the delphy foundation will case capable eliminating, preventing, restricting minimizing such competing efforts that aim contest with overtake delphy. team mann, adam. (). the power prediction markets. nature, vol. issue kambil, ajit. (mar/apr predictive markets: predicting the rise prediction markets. analytics magazine. rice, andrew. (). the fall intrade and the business betting real life. buzzfeed. yeh, puong fei. (). using prediction markets enhance intelligence capabilities. hanson, robin. (). the policy analysis market thwarted experiment the use prediction markets for public policy. innovations: technology, governance, globalization gelman, andrew. (). something's odd about the political betting markets. slate. rouviere, simon. (). why how decentralized prediction markets will change just about everything. medium. core team wang: founder master degree information economics from michigan university, bachelor degree information management from peking university. blockchain entrepreneur and technical expert. co-founder factom and wanglutech, which brings blockchain technology greater range applications. hanson, (). combinatorial information market design [j]. information systems frontiers, (), fox holt: business development mba from cornell university, double-degree computer science and economics from centre college. held leadership roles' ge, morgan stanley, and founder and ceo orthogonal inc and torque tech capital. almost years experience diverse range industries and markets ranging size from start-ups multinational organizations. hanson, r., oprea, (). manipulator can aid prediction market accuracy [j]. economica, (), mike li: product managing director founder and lead developer juzi browser, ranked no. among all internet browsers china. more than years experience developing and product operation management. original member early qihu jane zhang: marketing partner years experience internet and venture capital. unique combination marketing, financial and technical work experience china. creation ventures, kpcb china, apec china business council, qihoo participated investment project tantan. council and advisory board shen: founder fenbushi capital james gong: founder chainb.com roland sun: partner broad bright gang wu: founder bixin.com hanson, (). logarithmic market scoring rules for modular combinatorial information aggregation [j]. journal prediction markets, (), arrow, j., forsythe, r., gorham, m., al. (). the promise prediction markets [j], science magazine, (), pennock, (). implementing hanson's market maker. http://blog.oddhead.com////implementing-hansonsmarket-maker/ wolfers, j., zitzewitz, (). interpreting prediction market prices probabilities. social science electronic publishing. hanson, (). shall vote values, but bet beliefs?, journal political philosophy, david p., cary (), prediction markets the laboratory. journal economic surveys, zheng wei (), zhen bao xian :guo jing yan zhong guo bao xian yan jiu guo hua ming (): guo yuan quan jiao gui zhi jing yan jiu zhang zhu guo qiu (). nei yun xing shi chang yan jiu tong zhen yuan ,lin xin (). tai wan xuan shi chang shi chang yun yong shi zheng fen xuan yan jiu http://consensuspoint.com/ https://www.cultivatelabs.com/ https://www.predictit.org/ https://tippie.biz.uiowa.edu/iem/ bibliography http://bitcoinhivemind.com/ ethereum whitepaper: https://github.com/ethereum/wiki/wiki/white-paper https://fairlay.com/ truthcoin whitepaper: http://bitcoinhivemind.com/papers/truthcoin-whitepaper.pdf https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/prediction_market augur whitepaper: https://bravenewcoin.com/assets/whitepapers/augur-a-dece ntralized-open-source-platform-for-prediction-markets.pdf gnosis whitepaper: https://gnosis.pm/resources/default/pdf/gnosis_whitepaper.pd protess, ben. intrade bars u.s. bettors after regulatory action. https://github.com/psztorc/truthcoin