denarius ancient money for new world the whitescroll (whitepaper aka. technical paper) bitcoin has long been the premium cryptocurrency for the storage value. bitcoin the 'original' cryptocurrency; immutable blockchain with long history. bitcoin for this reason why many still see bitcoin stable currency not because has not suffered any issues the past, but because the blockchain technology originally proposed and brought into code reality satoshi stands the test time and leaves solid record all operations blockchain including any those that may disagreeable. expect transparency our public trade markets and often transparency left lacking, however bitcoin cannot argued that shows every right and every wrong, making bitcoin trustable currency medium. bitcoin for this reason that continues this day the 'trusted' currency, and these footsteps that denarius will try follow. even though the bitcoin network holds smaller percentage the transactions taking place today's cryptocurrency universe, the number transactions has steadily risen, especially times heavy volatility many holders the coin seek liquidate their holdings. this has lead some significant troubles and denarius seeks provide another store value which provides the same trusted immutability bitcoin. denarius seeks solve the issues bitcoin's growth implementing the same trusted blockchain technology directly from bitcore code whilst decreasing the block times significantly provide much faster and responsive network order achieve much higher transaction volume and speeds that are now expected mass-adopted modern cryptocurrency networks. the bitcoin core code tried and trusted. denarius does not intend attempt re-write any way that functions. the restriction, believe, lies not the blockchain technology itself any way which the blocks are constructed, but simply how often the blocks are created. answer enquiries how the blockchain operates denarius, the reader only need look the original bitcoin whitepaper released satoshi source bitcoin, transactions are encoded the blockchain with cryptographic hashing algorithm. these hashes are created miners using "proof work" (pow) algorithm that combines one more hashing functions. bitcoin itself uses the shad hashing function, which has been popularly used for long time. asics (application specific integrated circuits) have been built create shad hashes alarming rates which turn has lead the bitcoin network hashrate inflating beyond the level that was ever intended be. order create single hash for the bitcoin network and use encode new block the blockchain, now requires significant amount power and effort. fact, using gpu create hashes for the bitcoin blockchain effectively futile against the hashing power provided shad capable asics. the prevalence asics has lead bitcoin situation where only those significantly invested hardware are able gain any kind reasonable reward from mining it; thereby leaving the transaction processing the hands few actors. again, this not issue the blockchain itself, but simply side effect high block times with easily solvable hash algorithm. hybrid pow/pos phase order discourage asic creation which would adversely affect miners the coin, denarius seeks implement short proof work phase hybrid with proof stake (pos) where the pos miners will use low difficulty hashes create blocks process block full transactions, claiming the transaction fees alone whilst the pow miners will compete for higher difficulty hashes create blocks which include generation payment well any transaction fees attached transactions the mempool when the hash solved. even the difficulty the pow blocks increases significantly, blocks that are full transactions can still processed pos miners low difficulty ensure that even times very high pow difficulty, block times can remain below seconds. the pow phase denarius set run for around years. during this phase, million blocks will generated between pow and pos with the blocks being generated the pos portion. the pos block reward will only contain transaction fees during the pow period and transition apr for each staked coin the full-pos phase. given second average block time, each pow phase will last million seconds weeks. for simplification, the block reward structures are divided into one year segments with the exception the block after the genesis block, which contains dnr. the premine block rewards are dedicated for bounty and marketing costs the first months the project with the remaining dnr) used for development costs across the lifespan the project. the reward structure the blocks follows: blocks reward year -,, dnr year ,,-,, dnr year ,,-,, dnr end pow (may maximum dnr supply depending stakes) total (excl max pos dnr dnr this creates middle-heavy block reward structure that incentivises mining the second year over other years. comparison "reward halving structure" this encourages more diverse group miners continue mining through the entire phase the coin's powstage rather than the pow rewards being continually concentrated towards small group the highest rate farms the pow phase continues. the pow phase ends may this will discourage the creation asics for the coin since the possible return investment would low given the short pow phase the coin. pure pos phase during the hybrid phase, stake miners only receive the transaction fees that are assigned transactions that are the memory pool the time the pos block being generated. during the pure proof stake phase, the annual percentage rate (apr) awarded the staking wallets will set per coin per year addition the transaction fees collected from the memory pool. given that many coins are held exchanges, which not stake (as their supply must available all the time), envisioned that the maximum stake any time would the coin supply. the total amount dnr generated from the pure pos phase ranges from dnr dnr the pos rewards will discontinued once the dnr supply reaches million, however stake miners will continue collect transaction fees from the pool, encouraging large amount wallets remain the network process fees. comparison master-node system where large portion (sometimes upward the supply) required qualify and process block, denarius rewards even the smallest wallet holders for remaining the network. this encourages the flow dnr between wallets and keeps the network transaction speeds high due the availability stake miners able encode these transactions block. the maximum supply million dnr, estimated minimum wallets will remain the network any time. the 'tribus' algorithm denarius uses new pow algorithm called tribus combination three the top five nist algorithms that were created resist the ability calculated asic. each these algorithms sufficiently different. the tribus hash used denarius block constructed generating the following amounts each algorithm and concatenating them together generated the original algorithm's hash function: bytes bytes keccak bytes echo whilst these algorithms concentrate most the work onto the gpu core, the algorithms are not intensive and not generate excessive amounts heat gpu core. the listed algorithms are also relatively low-power for calculations. whilst there are asic devices that exist that can create these algorithms, none are built create hash this manner. the cost and complexity creating such device makes highly unlikely that asic would created for tribus, given the relatively short pow period denarius. any asic manufacturer would more than likely have extensive lead time creating such asic and may only live see few months mining time near the end pow when the network hash rate will its highest. these combinations make denarius non-attractive proposition for asic creator since they could focus other coins that use other algorithms. transaction speeds and the memory pool transactions are held the memory pool until the time when miner finds hash capable creating new block. this time, the miner collects transactions from the memory pool and includes them the new block. each transaction will have attached transaction fee (or 'tx fee') that denarius set dnr per byte transaction. the memory pool cleared out miner average every seconds. the miner will pick the highest transaction fees include their block. the number transactions made second period exceeds the maximum block size transactions (mb), then any transactions that cannot fit into the block will required wait for the next block created. the bitcoin network, during period heavy transaction volume, i.e. "flash crash", thousands people will flock the btc network attempt move their bitcoin, resulting overflow transaction requests. the memory pool only cleared each minutes, meaning that once the maximum amount transactions have been requested, transactors are required pay higher transaction fees per byte order incentivise the miners include them the next block. the transaction not included the next block, the transaction fee remains low. likely that people will continue pay higher transaction fee, this case the originally requested transaction will remain "low priority" and could take many hours proceed. only when overall transaction volumes drop back down below the threshold the memory pool "low priority" transactions are executed. denarius attempts solve this issue significantly decreasing the block times just seconds. the memory pool collected miner every seconds average, resulting effective sustained transaction rate over transactions per second before transaction fees would require increased for transactor efficiency. this over the rate bitcoin. the transaction volumes continue above transactions per second for longer than seconds, will take only another seconds clear out any transactions that exceeded the sustained limit. store value, denarius not intended provide lightning-fast transactions visa-like volumes, but only provide reliable storage wealth that can transferred between two owners reasonable speed during significant event. under heavy visa-like loads, denarius transaction times may increase; however, even transactions per second, the denarius network capable processing them within minutes using the lowest fee structure. confirmations and block times mentioned previously, block times are the major concern for the speed transactions the blockchain technology. many bitcoin exchanges will trust the bitcoin blockchain provide single confirmation perhaps confirmations; however, with minute block time this still minutes best before the coins are confirmed. some exchanges require more than this amount, resulting waiting time hour, best denarius requires total confirmations default before the coinbase considered mature. this represents roughly seconds before blocks are 'fully' confirmed and coinbase maturation assured; however, one can safely assume blocks are confirmed around confirmations seconds. combined with fast transaction time given the second blocks, funds appear the target wallet(s) under minute and are fully ready transferred further within minutes. stealth addresses see the image below for how stealth addresses denarius function source) enlarged image market info the wallet denarius contains market information directly inside the wallet ui, providing holders with real-time overview the value their holding. multiple currency conversions are supported. open source services denarius launched with complete complement open source services powered the rpc services available through the wallet node. users may run wallet node any operating system machine and point services using the rpc port enable automatic transactions. these services are only limited the ability and imagination the creators; however, encourage the spreads denarius services developers have launched and open sourced the code, that will allow people easily use denarius dnr funds within their various platforms. denarius offers several useful services establishment, such paper wallet generator, vanity address generator and packages available for linux distributions order ease implementation the cryptocurrency new platforms. web services with your own keys major concern many investors cryptocurrency keeping their funds secure. well known that web services own your private keys and the user must place all their trust (and wealth) the provider both stay afloat and not utilize the private keys themselves. storing large amounts cryptocurrency inside exchange web wallet dangerous the user could easily disconnected and lose access all the funds with recompense. due slow transfer times the bitcoin network, many people keep significant trading funds exchanges give them maximal ability take advantage market movements. when significant event occurs the bitcoin network, keeping your bitcoins secure another machine and moving them into out exchanges often cannot completed before the event over. for this reason, denarius provides open-sourced web wallet. with few configuration steps, the user may host their own web wallet using their own private keys their own server and can guaranteed the security their funds whilst still having ease access. this wallet can accessed via mobile and utilized transfer funds exchanges whenever needed. the fast confirmation times denarius will allow people move dnr from their own private wallet the exchange within minutes. the open source nodejs based 'mobile first web wallet' available github (which includes factor authentication and social logins). source the new world currency denarius currency which designed hold value for long period and allow that value easily moved between wallets without expensive transaction fees lengthy waiting times. short pow period allows the currency completely mined within few years, removing the pressure ever exceeding mining supply. after the pow period, the pos period provides small amount supply over longer period, encouraging holders the currency provide node services the network whilst increasing the supply lower rate than pow (roughly the rate). the new proof work algorithm combined with low maximum supply and with features such market and network information directly inside the wallet place denarius unique position the industry. world where cryptocurrency expected gather pace and eventually overtake fiat currency for usability, denarius provides the feature sets that are needed accomplish this. this alone places alongside major currencies and offers stability greater than many coins the market today, which have value based features that are not currently available. physical denarius coins may become available the future, which will compatible with denarius private keys, providing real world tangibility. this paper was written dylan (enkayz) and carsen (kingcarsen) and edited the denarius community. intended reflect the technicalities the denarius network. disclaimer: this denarius technical white paper (whitescroll) for information purposes only. denarius and carsen klock, does not guarantee the accuracy the conclusions reached this white paper, and this white paper provided "as is". denarius and carsen klock does not make and expressly disclaims all representations and warranties, express, implied, statutory otherwise, whatsoever, including, but not limited to: (i) warranties merchantability, fitness for particular purpose, suitability, usage, title noninfringement; (ii) that the contents this white paper are free from error; and (iii) that such contents will not infringe third-party rights. denarius and carsen klock, and its affiliates shall have liability for damages any kind arising out the use, reference to, reliance this white paper any the content contained above, even advised the possibility such damages. event will denarius and carsen klock its affiliates liable any person entity for any damages, losses, liabilities, costs expenses any kind, whether direct indirect, consequential, compensatory, incidental, actual, exemplary, punitive special for the use of, reference to, reliance this white paper any the content contained above, including, without limitation, any loss business, revenues, profits, data, use, goodwill other intangible losses.