tokenizing and liberating the mobile data market token sale whitepaper july copyright (c) dent wireless ltd "we are here put dent the universe." steve jobs table contents executive summary .............................................................................................................................. about the company ............................................................................................................................. the dent wireless team ............................................................................................................. the dent advisory team ............................................................................................................. power the people telco's most valuable asset .............................................................................. our roadmap launch and scale dent ............................................................................................ the world-wide currency for mobile data exchange the dent token ........................................... dent for developing markets "gigabytes for africa" ...................................................................... the dent token sale details .............................................................................................................. driving forces for appreciation depreciation the dent token .................................................. dent leveraging key drivers the telco industry ............................................................................. key drivers and trends the telecommunications industry --pre-cursors "perfect storm" for dent wireless....................................................................................................................... why mobile roaming for disruption and the role dent ................................................ summary mobile operator benefits: revenue increase lower cost ................................... technology architecture ............................................................................................................. architecture overview ............................................................................................................... component overview ................................................................................................................ dent exchange component structure' ...................................................................................... ethereum smart contracts .......................................................................................................... virtual operator telco ............................................................................................................. technology dent exchange use cases workflows .................................................................... user-to-user data package transactions..................................................................................... telco data roaming, data package transfer from user user internationally........................... dent exchange initial data offering (ido) for telcos ................................................................. summary ........................................................................................................................................ executive summary the world changing, barriers are falling, the usage the ethereum blockchain and smart contracts removing the middle-men and reducing costs across several industries. banks are changing the way they transactions while the industry reducing complexity manufacturing, supply chain and logistics. this white paper describes the dent exchange are building: the transparent marketplace for selling, buying and donating mobile data packages. mobile data the next commodity liberated mobile data access becoming essential human need, much hot water and electricity. however, according gsma, still less than half the world's population uses mobile data. for data users, usage vary vastly across geographies, which shows the huge potential unlocked. reasons are, besides network availability and handset affordability, the perceived high cost data, which varies from below usd well above usd between operators and regions for domestic usage. furthermore, operators are locking-in customers with rigid data offerings that are made expire when unused within given time, which lead even higher prices that customers effectively pay. consequence the customer lock-in, data usage abroad can become prohibitively expensive with prices the hundreds thousands usd. all this generates billions dollars profit for operators but inhibits unlocking the full potential mobile data. want users own their mobile data and bandwidth. they need able freely sell donate unused data other users. world-wide. three disruption megatrends mobile operator business that dent addressing liberation mobile data. dent enables "data sharing economy" where users are able freely buy, sell and donate their mobile data, from any user any user. the dent exchange acts horizontal marketplace for trading mobile data. the dent token will the world-wide currency for mobile data between telcos and the user community. disruption international roaming. dent facilitates the removal data roaming cost drivers, such expensive routings between telcos. for example, with local data break-out, the foreign telco terminates the user traffic directly the internet, instead routing the pay-load the home telco. facilitation mobile data purchase. dent enables automated purchase capability data packages for consumers and iot devices. the user always gets the best price from the most suitable operator his region, without having worry about buying too much too little data. operators can easily connect with the dent platform serve global customer base, without the need establish silo'ed own platforms. dent driven liberation the mobile data market towards open marketplace dent will the global exchange for mobile data where the final scale the world's mobile data sold, bought donated, just like other commodities such currencies are traded today. dent will make data pricing transparent, and through automated bidding increases efficiency purchase, just like spot markets and mobile advertising today. dent tokens will the global currency for the exchange mobile data packages. the possibility exchanging package more suitable one, especially the advent esims will allow the use multiple operators single phone will drive telcos compete. mobile data liberation dent aims turn unused billion usd per month into usage according recent study cisco, the world-wide mobile data grew year year billion gigabytes per month december according study parks associates, mobile operator data revenues stood billion usd equivalent billion usd per month. assuming just unused due expiry, way users lost value billion usd. more transparent and connected market, this value shall unlocked drive mobile data usage. references: cisco study about data traffic: http://bit.ly/wuqo parks associates study mobile data revenue http://bit.ly/sgwaar layperson comparison gasoline the gasoline market also controlled few companies, but you buy liters gasoline, you can use the gasoline you want pass you like. this unlike mobile data today, where you cannot give your unused capacity someone else. some roll-over pooling has been introduced but these remain islands and the case data roll-over, data will still expire not used the following month. about the company dent wireless ltd, based hong kong, was founded commando coder ltd when tero katajainen decided develop automated forex trading system with built-in risk management functions. parts this product are now being integrated into the dent exchange allow buying, selling, and donating mobile data packages the marketplace. the other founders invested the company and joined tero the adventure develop and bring dent exchange the world. the dent wireless team the dent team unique combination serial entrepreneurs, industry veterans, specialists ethereum smart contracts, open-source applications, payment systems, mobile apps and secure large-scale transaction systems. tero katajainen, ceo and founder dent wireless ceo and founder, tero katajainen, originating from finland, has co-founded several internet startups his -year career. holds master science degree electrical engineering from university tampere, finland. his deep knowledge about forex trading systems big advantage for dent. tero was also one the first developers ever implement direct mobile operator payment systems consumer applications. specialist for transactional systems and blockchain, tero the mastermind all tech dent. mikko linnamaki, co-founder dent wireless backed mikko linnamaki, internet pioneer and serial entrepreneur with track record founding successful internet businesses since mikko, also from finland, co-founder dovecot oy, the company behind dovecot, the world's most popular imap server with world market share and over million installations. estimated billion users are entrusting their email storage dovecot every day. mikko recently received patent for his invention "ad hoc injection imap objects". andreas vollmer, co-founder andreas the mobile specialist the team with years' experience developing mobile apps, from symbian ios and android today. andreas co-founder leading german mobile app development company tdsoftware, which developing apps for companies such mercedes-benz, audi, deutsche post, gls, and others. andreas also expert mobile crm systems, and will deploy the latest tools analyze user behavior order accelerate user growth and hit target metrics. michael wirth, director payment systems, ireland michael taking care the perfect flow, analytics, and easy user experience for the exchange dent tokens our customer- and carrier-facing applications mobile, web and mm. michael has years experience large-scale transaction projects. was director products and services enett international, travelport company and leading specialist for payment solutions the travel industry. ville sundell, smart contract specialist ville finnish smart contract developer who has pioneered smart contract based legal entities, being the first create companies solely the ethereum blockchain without any human intervention through etherprises llc. ville has over years experience limited and mission critical embedded systems ranging from automotive mobile systems, being the ideal background for secure smart contract development. the dent advisory team dr. rainer deutschmann, advisor rainer advises dent wireless how create long-term sustainable and scalable business which creates win-win for all market participants customers, telcos and dent. brings years experience consulting, telco and tech industries, companies like mckinsey, deutsche telekom and reliance industries. rainer held senior executive positions strategy, product and innovation across mature and developing markets. most recently, chief product innovation officer, rainer with his fellow leadership team launched reliance jio, the billion eur telecom and digital services venture reliance, and acquired million customers within six months. jio disrupts the telco landscape democratize mobile broadband for the billion people india. ransu salovaara, ceo tokenmarket ransu financial industry executive specializing cryptocurrencies, digital assets, and blockchain technology. launched europe's first bitcoin-backed exchange traded instrument, bitcoineti, that listed the gibraltar stock exchange well traded the frankfurt stock exchange. tokenmarket information, crowdsale, and exchange platform for digital assets. mikko ohtamaa, cto tokenmarket.net, crypto technology specialist mikko co-founder and cto tokenmarket and early blockchain and bitcoin expert, well python and javascript developer and open source advocate, taking care the back end systems the token sales their platform. power the people telco's most valuable asset dent gathers mobile operators' users into collective group with billion dollar buying power, giving targeted global partnerships sufficient weight the most valuable asset for the mobile operators you, the customer. the value customer determined his average spend per month (arpu), how long stays with operator (the inverse what called "churn rate"), and the customer acquisition and retention cost. taking global averages about usd per month blended arpu, annual churn rate, and customer acquisition and retention cost operator service revenues, the lifetime value customer approx. usd. operator wants risk losing this value. our strategy liberating the data market starts with you, and ensures sufficient negotiation power with the telcos invite and unite users the dent community the dent community represents "union" telco customers, which leverages its collective power liberalize mobile data the dent team represents the dent community partnership negotiations with the telcos assuming start with even just few million customers, the dent community represents collective buying power usd per user, reaching hundreds million usd stake for telco telcos will want secure and grow this value, rather than handing off more open and innovative peer players our roadmap launch and scale dent phase development and dent user acquisition organize mobile operator customers key countries into collective power acquiring members with the help the dent token sale and other incentives, such sign-up data bonus operator partners launch the dent exchange ethereum blockchain for buying, selling, and donating mobile data packages partner with telcos offer mobile data packages and enable user-to-user data transfer phase enrich domestic offering via the dent exchange grow dent community and operator partner base allow their users transfer data packages even across networks for multi-national operator partners, the dent exchange represents ideal platform facilitate international data transfer for their user base enable users donate excess data dents, e.g. people developing countries phase provide international data offers via dent exchange lobby with public bodies, such regulation (which successfully enforced "roam like home" and removed roaming fees within the eu) and governments key countries discuss rules for data liberation for their citizens continue adding more users the network, start interconnecting domestic dent markets create the international dent exchange allow users internationally sell and buy data packages dent token the standard instrument for world-wide mobile data exchange simple use case how dent exchange will work internationally: mike customer carrier, owns dent tokens. lands australia, accesses the dent marketplace the airport though wi-fi and buys the mobile data needs. this data could, for example, have been offered jane, who customer australian carrier. mike needs extra agreements with any carrier, sim card changes, just starts use his phone the australian network. jane happy earn dents and will spend them her next trip europe during her summer holidays. mike's carrier earns transaction fees, and jane's australian carrier has increased his utilization against his respective cost share. the world-wide currency for mobile data exchange the dent token the currency used trading, the dent token, what powers the platform. the actual sale, purchase and donation data packages enters the ethereum blockchain, utilizing eth. the instruments, i.e. data packages, will smart contracts the ethereum blockchain. dent exchange will drive ethereum smart contracts, effectively making the system blockchain-based trading platform. the crowdsale will allow participants purchase dent with low starting price, before becomes used the exchange. should the exchange become de-facto place for trading mobile data bandwidth, would then become the principal method for determining the floating price mobile data worldwide. telcos, market participants, and end-users will all interact true market driven way determine the current price. eventually this will lead increased competition, providing new packages the exchange and further enable the dent exchange become the dominant force the mobile data space, utilizing the dent currency. what can users with the dent tokens? when the dent exchange live, users will able use dent tokens buy and sell data international marketplace. the build-up phase, users obtain dent tokens participate the dent community use the collective power together with fellow mobile users demand data liberation and changes the way the telcos business with mobile data. dent tokens can acquired the crowdsale later from marketplaces. the dent mobile app serves the central interface for users buy, sell donate mobile data packages. mobile app downloads are being incentivized with dent tokens. image: the dent mobile app dent for developing markets "gigabytes for africa" dent aims for donations unused mobile data the ones that need dent wants help the developing world providing access mobile data. data packages may donated through the exchange the users. will look for strategic partnerships with operators enabling access information rural areas. 'the sustainable development goal the united nations, the calls for building resilient infrastructure, promoting inclusive and sustainable industrialization and fostering innovation. mobile data specifically mentioned key component these goals: "infrastructure and economic development also rely information and communications technology. mobile cellular services have spread rapidly around the world, allowing people previously unconnected areas join the global information society. the percentage the population living areas covered mobile broadband networks stood per cent globally. rural areas, the share was only per cent." source: report the secretary-general, progress towards the sustainable development goals, e// the dent token sale details estimated token value eth offered this token sale: eth, (subject variations through the crowdsale) billion (,,,) total dent tokens created, which are sold the token sale (presale public token sale) the company will conduct public sale tokens (the "crowdsale"), which will begin hkt utc) july (the "crowdsale launch date") and end hkt utc, july july (the "crowdsale end date") when ,,, dent ("dent") tokens has been sold, whichever earlier. exchange rate: eth dent* token type: apps token purchase and sell mobile data packages dent tokens remain the company for telco acquisition and market seeding, user incentives, salaries and bonuses. any tokens that remain unsold the crowdsale end date july will added the company inventory and will remain locked state for least six months from the crowdsale end date. the total amount the unsold tokens will released from the lock quarterly, first time the date months after the crowdsale end date. the company will pledge billion, the dent tokens further the sdg program for the purpose enabling mobile data access developing countries bonus tiers: dent bonus tiers allocate bonus tokens buyers per the following schedule based sold volume eth: tier eth: tokens bonus tier from eth and eth: tokens bonus tier from eth: bonus tokens tokens will ever added the supply. founders will not take any dent tokens off the table. the conversion rate eth/ dent will change during the crowdsale due the bonus discounts. this price without any discounts timeline the dent token sale: driving forces for appreciation depreciation the dent token the dent token come from limited pool and the market has the possibility expand more and more data packages are introduced into dent exchange and those data packages have price fiat currencies, the price dent against those currencies might rise due the growing demand face limited supply. for market participants, this presents unique opportunity leverage existing market. the value dent may appreciate depreciate mobile data products are relatively cheaper buy from the dent exchange rather than from current markets, packages become more attractive due f.e.x being able sell excess data, users will need buy dent tokens buy those packages. the amount dent available will not increase, this might cause the value dent appreciate due increased demand, the supply being fixed. with dent being the token the mobile data space, the rate appreciation might follow the size the mobile data market traded dent. according gsma, the size the mobile data market predicted increase, larger market traded dent could lead dent price increase. general, the value dent most likely reacts the market value the data packages the dent exchange. risks: unknown regulatory measures towards cryptocurrency and operator slowness the cryptocurrency market still young and the technology its infancy, there might issues with scaling the transactions mass market speed. there also uncertainty regarding potential cryptocurrency regulations the future. are building our services ethereum, and should ethereum fail, would have change the technology platform another blockchain technology. are disrupting existing market mobile operators, who provide data packages the market, can take longer than anticipated get the marketplace filled with supplier-side products. dent leveraging key drivers the telco industry key drivers and trends the telecommunications industry --pre-cursors "perfect storm" for dent wireless globalization consumers and businesses with increasing services transparency. global travel the rise, and businesses are increasingly spanning across multiple geographies. telecommunication service provisioning must cater those global needs, and provide global services despite the local nature telecommunications infrastructure, leveraging global entities and partnerships. telcos have responded the globalization forming regional and global conglomerates, partnerships and joint ventures. however, there truly global telco service today, par with the ott (over-the-top) players, who run off single platform. telcos have traditionally leveraged local platforms for local markets. more and more, local platforms are replaced global platforms, which the only way how compete with the otts such google, amazon, facebook, wechat and whatsapp, name only few, who develop once and scale their platform globally. global platform usage has taken off the telecommunications industry. examples are platforms for global roaming, several white label platforms for cloud based communication and other saas offerings, and the take-over jibe mobile google adopt the gsma rcs standard, which likely becomes core element within the google proposition. the solution deliver: dent will provide the missing global platform the consumers, who are weary being locked one operator one country and being limited terms mobile data purchase and usage. with dent for the first time consumers will obtain full transparency cost the data they use, and they will have access global mobile data pool was gasoline. dent will also provide the missing global platform the operator ecosystem, trade the key commodity mobile data. the dent platform can employed locally single markets with single operators, but designed scale cross operator and cross geographies. this vastly different from the traditional telco model which does not scale beyond the realm the individual player, and provides much more cost-efficient platform approach. dent open partnerships and will make easy partner with them, with ready use and adaptable interfaces. smartphone adoption and customer digital services literacy. customers now naturally use their smartphones communicate via video, watch movies, manage their telco subscription and purchase goods and services. less and less there need for local pos, and even voice interaction increasingly supported chat bots. the solution deliver: dent provides fully digital experience, without the need ever visit any pos call call-center. buying, selling and donating data are all easily facilitated through smartphone app, which works parallel the operator agrees integrated with the operator self-care app functionality give information about the customer's actual data usage. top and bottom-line pressure telcos telcos are increasingly struggling with maintaining their revenue line. despite the data growth users and usage, the decline voice and sms can hardly compensated, and customers increasingly consider their telco service commodity like electricity and water. telcos respond trying differentiate with products and partners, but sustainable differentiation has surely been deliver outstanding quality service (coverage and speed) for fair price. consolidation and retirement legacy technologies telecommunications industry are full swing, driven the ineffectiveness building and maintaining multiple mobile infrastructures one geography, especially for legacy networks. good recent examples are india, accelerated the pureplay market entry reliance jio, where the bharti airtel has taken over several smaller players, vodafone process merging with idea cellular, and rcom aircel shareholders have approved their companies' merger. the solution deliver: with dent the telcos obtain vehicle differentiate and get close the consumer. dent provides cost-effective distribution channel, and allows experiment with new pricing schemes determine the sweet spot for data sales. the cost effectiveness stems from the inherent architecture being blockchain-based and leveraging one central platform which scales across all market participants. disruption from within. history shows that untapped profit pools eventually get disrupted. the case mobile data, vast differences profit pools exist across global geographies and operators, where arpu levels span factor despite main cost drivers such spectrum and infrastructure being comparable. t-mobile and reliance jio are good examples disrupting their markets from within, while establishing and maintaining profitable business models. however, other cases short sighted disruption purely pricing was not sustainable, the telco players need able maintain the required capex for coverage, capacity and next generation infrastructure provisioning. the solution deliver: dent will allow the telcos part the disruption, rather than being disrupted themselves. telcos can become part the journey fully transparent and fair ecosystem. for global data usage, especially for iot use cases, dedicated mvnos have been established. one example cubic (www.cubictelecom.com) which serves the likes audi and for their global needs. dent open partner with existing mvnos even establish own mvno required, order serve the global customer base. regulation favor consumers and pre-cursors data sharing economy. over the last years the regulation has been driving down interconnect and roaming rates. most recently the long anticipated "roam like home" proposition mandated and took effect starting june https://ec.europa.eu/digital-single-market/en/roaming. customers are free use their data volume purchased with their home operator, across the entire operator landscape. pre-cursors data sharing propositions are visible some markets, such "data rollover" the next months for un-used data, data pooling within certain user group (e.g. company), data voucher transfer any other subscriber (such implemented reliance jio). however, all these solutions are restricted certain user group, certain geography, for certain data plans. the solution deliver: dent fuels the already ongoing movement towards greater transparency and fairness, seen with some operators who provide sharing, transfer and pooling propositions for their customers. with dent this will come full fruition, and will available all customers. dent will finally make data packages comparable, stripping off unnecessary bells and whistles. new technologies. esim, and iot. with esim the physical sim card being replaced with on-device secure chip. this offers the opportunity provision user "over the air" certain mobile operator without the need physically replace sim. yet seen how user friendly the actual implementations are going be. business models range from the need subscribe with operator up-front and then only provision the mobile device, having the full choice operators right the home screen the mobile device itself. with number new use cases and businesses will supported mobile operators. not only the bandwidth will further increased beyond and (carrier aggregation), but also new functionalities are introduced and latencies are further reduced time-scales novel architecture concepts such edge-computing, network function virtualization, and network slicing. industrial iot and supported recent announcements vodafone also consumer iot expected become next growth engine. while the majority connected devices will aggregated through non-sim based connectivity, the sim based connected devices will require novel ways management and support ease use for the entire iot solution the solution deliver: dent set embrace the new technologies and support the resulting use cases. the dent market place perfectly complements esim enabled devices, that the user can freely choose the optimal data package needed, nationally and internationally. this ease use will require the support mobile terminal oems and telcos. dent wireless aims provide the most cost efficient and user-friendly architectures and technologies. for international roaming today, the data traffic the roaming customer sent his home operator, and only there terminated into the internet. this done have control over the data traffic for billing purposes, and used impose for many customers perceived high roaming charges. however, alternative architecture called "local break-out" ("lbo") can more favourable and has long been discussed also the context the regulation. with local break-out the customer's traffic directly terminated into the internet from the roaming network, thus avoiding (high cost) international data transfer and associated latencies, much more line with the spirit and giving the host operator much more flexibility serve the roaming customer with favourable rates and dedicated quality service. the dent platform being fully automated and globally scalable ideally suited support iot use cases, where connected device with certain software requires dedicated connectivity, but all this ideally zero maintenance. connecting iot devices automatically the dent platform can guarantee availability mobile data fully transparent cost control. why mobile roaming for disruption and the role dent drivers for the high and sometimes incredibly high retail prices for roaming customers are interconnect costs, data carrier fees, margin the home operator and others total costs could reduced terminating the customer's data traffic directly into the internet, rather than routing back the home operator, well reducing the expected margin and otherwise smart data traffic management (caching etc.) local break-out for data traffic not employed today. reasons are multi-fold, such economic considerations local retail vs. international wholesale prices existing bi- and multilateral roaming agreements, which are further complicated the balance in- and out-roaming customers, which are also optimized traffic steering into different roaming networks lacking billing relationship the local provider with the in-roaming customer overall traffic steering considerations, e.g. cashing local content standard practise avoid direct customer (marketing) communication foreign in-roaming customers case pure data local break-out, the customer would not reachable gsma voice and sms for first-time network connect, the customer has manually select the right operator for local break-out (unless happens the home operator predefined preferred network) dent set provide the platform overcome those challenges data pricing will local level, through the transparent dent marketplace complex roaming agreements need considered billing relationship already established between the global dent user base and the dent platform, which will made available all operator partners all customers the dent community will have the dent mobile app, communication will targeted and direct customer, rather than sending oldstyle sms voice services can provided through services, such whatsapp, skype, own dent communication platform; addition, dent can provide circuit switched routing services always reachable dent mobile app will also give easy use access the right roaming network for local breakout there are further opportunities disrupt the roaming market and provide global service, such leveraging own mvno partnering with innovative service providers summary mobile operator benefits: revenue increase lower cost expanding market increased revenue thru easier access buying demand world-wide increased revenue thru the user-to-user sales, while getting commissions easy launch new services and packages, just introduce the package the exchange special agreements with the operators, just connecting the dent exchange cost efficiency, though one central platform approach with easy connect middleware and apis; scales favorably with users and usage, increased human effort platform test data proposition, such reaction seasonal pricing levels enables (machine-to-machine) exchange mobile data packages with iot devices example: vehicle gps-tracked fleet manages its own internet connectivity using dent exchange. technology architecture architecture overview the dent exchange mix current state-of-the-art technologies. the trading side familiar from stocks, forex, etc., while the connectivity between dent exchange and telcos resembles that virtual operator. the technological challenges there are well known and defined. component overview dent web-app the dent web-app allows market participants view quote feeds, see the order book and market depth, place buy/sell orders, review portfolio, order history, etc. analogous forex trading terminals such metatrader. dent mobile app the mobile app simplified version the web-app. allows the user see quote charts and place basic orders, well see current portfolio and dent balance. dent exchange component structure dent exchange the main container for the business logic. addition being trading platform, will provide integration with party telcos and the ethereum blockchain. dent exchange contains the trading instrument repository (mobile data packages), manages the market participants and their portfolios, distributes price data feeds trading terminals, calculates the spreads the bid/offer prices, executes and manages orders, etc. such usual trading platform. image: dent exchange components instrument repository the repository contains information the data packages available dent exchange, such package from telco with certain expiry. the information the metadata not stored the blockchain. each instrument references smart contract the ethereum. price data price data, including real-time bid offer order book, stored high speed cache and fed back the webapp and mobile apps. the data includes last closed trade price, current highest bid and lowest offer and may contain trade volume and order book depth data. historical price data available for the and periods. portfolio management trader the exchange will have portfolio packages owned portfolio management takes care updating the portfolio according executed trades and keeps the trade history. market maker algorithms market maker algorithms manage the final offer and bid prices for packages, managing the price spread and controlling the market supply with the parameters set the initial data offering. order management order management takes care the acceptance bids and offers from the traders the exchange, including risk management together with the portfolio management. feeds the incoming orders into the market maker algorithms for final placement the order book. order execution order execution matches bids and offers order fulfill the orders. upon fill the ethereum smart contract called for the financial transaction part and the fulfilled order enters into the portfolio. proprietary api telcos can expose their apis the dent exchange, which will call them via custom adapters, opt install dent supplied api listener their network. dent exchange parachain the parachain acts escrow between the ethereum blockchain and dent exchange, allow for faster execution trades. the exchange differs from forex broker that the order execution drives the ethereum smart contract and also integrates the exchange with external systems. thus, acts the coordinator between dent based assets and real-word mobile data packages. ethereum smart contracts ethereum smart contracts execute the financial transfers dent. they are driven events from the dent exchange. upon execution contracts the exchange then takes the focus and handles the party transactions. virtual operator telco the virtual operator telco acts market maker, provides mobile data packages for end-users and payment gateway for conventional premium-sms/ussd data package purchases. will used seed the exchange. technology dent exchange use cases workflows user-to-user data package transactions user-to-user transactions involve one user placing offer the dent exchange and another one placing bid respectively. the case the selling parties mobile data package plan split, the telco the selling party will need clear and lock the offer first. the buying party will lock the purchase funds the dent exchange parachain, after which the order enters the books. upon fulfilment, the main smart contract ethereum triggered and revenue share occurs according the rules set ido (initial data offering). after fund transfers dent exchange coordinates the possible splitting cancelling the data package from the selling party and activates the acquired package for the buying party. telco data roaming, data package transfer from user user internationally roaming case customer wants visit the network another telco. the telco servicing the customer will get the request and arrange for offer placed the dent exchange. similar the user-to-user case, the offer will eventually match with bid and the order will fulfilled. dent exchange will again coordinate the activation the acquired package. dent exchange initial data offering (ido) for telcos the instrument traded the dent exchange will enter the market via initial data offering. operators and wholesalers mobile data packages will define the instruments, such sprint packages, and offer them group traders the dent exchange. the size the initial offering will set the provider the mobile data package and dent mobile. dent mobile will handle the idos, well act virtual operator, providing depth the market with their own data package offerings. any proceeds well eventual profit from the virtual provider business will revenue for dent wireless. summary dent liberalizes mobile data traded easy any other commodity dent unites dent community users and enable them easily buy, sell, and donate mobile data, worldwide the dent community will combine collective buying power facilitate partnerships with telcos dent provides the dent exchange, based blockchain technology, and easy use dent application dent wireless driven experienced founder and management team that consists serial entrepreneurs, industry veterans, internet pioneers, blockchain and payment system experts that have executed large transaction and secure data systems before the dent launch and scale-up driven three phases, from dent community building, enabling domestic markets, facilitating global sharing economy for data our goal make dent token the world-wide currency for mobile data trading dent token sale starts july london time (gmt+). https://www.dentcoin.com for more information. contact us: ceo tero katajainen dent wireless ltd /f, futura plaza how ming street kwun tong, hong kong info@dentcoin.com www.dentcoin.com