dero project white paper build it,they will come. dero author: dero community supervisor: dero dev team october contents summary challenges identification and know-your-client (kyc) voting using safe, secure, and transparent smart contracts asset management: private and auditable -factor authentication: secure password management and access integration with telecom gateways dero key features cryptonote privacy completely ssl/tls encrypted network scalability and security smart contracts atomic swaps mobile and offline wallets lightweight wallet subaddresses escrow services the blockchain address signing and certifying voting dero virtual machine roadmap specifications dero blockchain development areas will refine constantly the future dero project foundation: summary the dero project has written unique new blockchain technology that based the dag and cryptonote protocol with double spend protection. dero new, experimental blockchain technology written golang with focus enhanced privacy and smart contracts while maintaining the transparency and security the blockchain. the goal create unique state the art blockchain technology with enhanced reliability, privacy, security, usability, and portability bringing together some the best proven technologies like cryptonote protocol and smart contracts, thereby allowing for the creation private smart contracts. blockchain open, distributed ledger that can record transactions between two parties efficiently, and verifiable and permanent way. cryptonote protocol uses distributed public ledger that records all balances and transactions its in-built currency like bitcoin. unlike bitcoin, cryptonote's transactions cannot followed through the blockchain way that reveals who sent received coins. the only people with access the whole set data about transaction are the sender receiver the transaction. smart contract protocol intended facilitate, verify, and enforce the negotiation execution digital contract. smart contracts allow for direct contract execution without third party. these transactions are trackable and irreversible. smart contracts were first proposed nick szabo for more details about blockchain, cryptonote protocol, and smart contract see: blockchain cryptonote cryptonote specs smart contract some brief examples what smart contract capable managing without third-party intervention include: access authorization physical object like building internet-of-things (iot) devices, asset management, trading, ticket purchasing, share distribution. some instances, individual organization would prefer not reveal the details the transaction contract (i.e. participants, amounts, and contract terms) the rest the world. dero brings true privacy smart contracts for the first time any blockchain. truly private smart contracts are unique feature offered dero that other projects date (october not offer. dero accomplishes this keeping all aspects the transaction, smart contract, and users details private the original blockchain without the need trust sensitive otherwise private information second layer off-chain solutions. challenges identification and know-your-client (kyc) having briefly touched upon the need for privacy the blockchain must also address the need for some degree transparency certain limited situations. dero will allow thoroughly verified and publicly known certifying authorities add their signature individual wallets, and only for those who have applied. this signature serves confirmation that your identity has been verified certifying authority such government, bank, telecom operator, visa, mastercard, other organizations required. when service provider require verification your kyc details, similar what weve seen with exchanges, the process can now made simple using wallet with the appropriate certification. the service provider, vendor, payment gateway will only get see basic signature that confirms authorized use their services. personal details are available these situations. only certifying authorities will have personal information for individual wallets and only with those who have submitted application. places where kyc compliance its most stringent levels, trades would not possible without pre-authorization from the appropriate authorities. individual level, you can choose whom you certify your wallet with, your discretion. given the need for robust privacy and security, dero blockchain has been designed allow full integration hardware wallets with biometric protection. voting using safe, secure, and transparent smart contracts any organization may use dero blockchain for safe, secure, and transparent voting process that also keeps the identities all voters anonymous the eyes the public. this achieved through type private voting smart contract that only made possible today dero blockchain. aside from dero, current voting solutions date operate public ledgers with public smart contracts that dont obfuscate shroud your network traffic from identification. some workaround solutions have been proposed, such off-chain computations and second layer solutions; however, these solutions leave number fundamental flaws that needlessly complicate wide scale adoption blockchain technology for private voting processes. register for the voting process, individual must apply the certifying authority with their public dero address and documentation required. this instance, the authority charge will validate your wallet and allow for one vote more defined the smart contract. the details such contract should theoretically public, transparent, and fully available any democratic process. smart contract this nature will, course, require flexibility, and the ability reprogrammed suit the needs any party that chooses utilize private smart voting contract. that end, the dero development team working keep much flexibility the system possible. asset management: private and auditable with dero, assets can recorded, distributed, traded the blockchain. perhaps the most critical issue today facing asset management the blockchain privacy. consider for moment how assets are recorded today. most assets are recorded private centralized database like you may find the department motor vehicles. organizations departments often have limited hours, cumbersome access information policies, and substantial overhead costs. bringing asset management dero blockchain will allow individuals unrestricted use their own data, allowing access anything they have stored dero blockchain while simultaneously offering unparalleled privacy. any individual organization that choose dero blockchain for asset management will benefit from the highest levels privacy utilizing the cryptonote protocol and complete ssl implementation across the entire network, among other critical features. for audits tax purposes, all you have provide simple and convenient viewkey that will list all relevant history from the wallet. this view key can easily programmed into tax software reduce cost and human error, while insuring accuracy. its important note that all details wallets are entirely hidden from the rest the network. such, the individual wallet holders responsibility make their relevant tax information known required. -factor authentication: secure password management and access dero plans integrate one-time password (otp) authenticators and passphrases. subaddresses could used the username keep public address information private, and, required, otp will appear the wallet. application programming interface (api) and software development kits (sdk) will freely distributed service providers for facilitate integration their existing infrastructure with the dero blockchain. this will create significantly more secure environment for the users particular service platform. integration with telecom gateways dero blockchain built such way allow integration with telecommunication gateways, send and receive short message service (sms a.k.a. text) messages. once your wallet certified with telecom operator, you will able send text messages that take advantage the privacy features from the cryptonote protocol. for example, ring signatures are just one many features used hide your data. one-time password verified sms data will relayed the appropriate wallet and held completely privately for only the recipient. dero key features cryptonote privacy cryptonote currencies use distributed public ledger that records all balances and transactions its in-built currency like bitcoin. unlike bitcoin, cryptonotes transactions cannot followed through the blockchain way that reveals who sent received coins. dero utilizes all aspects the cryptonote protocols privacy features its new blockchain technology protect the identities all parties involved transaction. completely ssl/tls encrypted network dero the first blockchain have complete ssl the layer. the dero development team has implemented complete tls across the dero network which first any blockchain. this encrypts the entirety our network traffic, which greatly reduces our attack surface, while simultaneously preventing isps other users from analyzing dero network traffic. scalability and security dero the first cryptonote blockchain have transactions per second its native blockchain without any lightning networks, validators offblockchain solutions. currently(october ),dero achieved seconds blocktime and minutes confirmation time using dero dag technology introduced dero atlantis mainnet: dero-dag(directed acyclic graph) dero atlantis dero-dag based. dero-dag mineable, pow based, fully linear with same level security blockchain.no orphans, scalability limits defined resources(compute, network, storage etc.) dero dag implementation builds outs main chain from the dag network blocks which refers main blocks reward) and side blocks rewards). side blocks contribute chain pow security and traditional attacks are not possible dero network. dero network finds more blocks the same height, instead choosing one, dero include all blocks. thus, rendering the attack futile. traditional blockchains process blocks single unit computation(if double-spend occurs within the block, entire block rejected). however dero network accepts such blocks since dero blockchain considers transaction single unit computation.dero blocks may contain duplicate double-spend transactions which are filtered client protocol and ignored the network. dero dag processes transactions atomically one transaction time. client protocol handles same transactions mined two different miners different blocks mostly due luck/network lag. optimized bulletproofs secure and fast crypto the basic necessity this project and adequate amount time has been devoted develop/study/implement/audit it. most the crypto such ring signatures have been studied various researchers and are production number projects. far the bulletproofs are considered, since dero the first one implement/deploy, they have been given more detailed look. first, bare bones bulletproofs was implemented, then implementations development were studied (benedict bunz,xmr, dalek bulletproofs) and thus improving our own implementation.some new improvements were discovered and implemented (there are number other improvements which are not explained here). major improvements are the double-base double-scalar multiplication while validating bulletproofs. typical bulletproof takes verify. optimized bulletproofs takes ms(simple bulletproof, aggregate/batching). since, the case bulletproofs the bases are fixed, can use precomputed table convert base scalar multiplication into doublings and additions this time can again easily decreased with some more optimizations. with batching and aggregation, range-proofs tx) can easily verified even laptop. the implementation for bulletproofs https://github.com/deroproject/derosuite/crypto/ringct/bulletproof. optimized version https://github.com/deroproject/derosuite/ crypto/ringct/bulletproof_ultrafast.go. there are other optimizations such base-scalar multiplication could done less than microsecond.some these optimizations are not yet deployed and may deployed later stage. further research/studies/optimizations are in-progress further improve dero network. not use bos-coster/pippienger methods ultra compact blocks faster block propagation times and low network usage. smart contracts smart contract digital self-executing contract that capable enforcing the terms laid out all participants the contract. the goal smart contracts significantly increase contract security while simultaneously reducing costs associated with traditional contracts. atomic swaps atomic swaps make the exchange one cryptocurrency for another possible without the need for trusted third-party. prevent one party from failing send their coins, atomic swaps use something called hash time-locked contracts (htlcs) enable trustless trading system. mobile and offline wallets with any currency, multiple forms storage and varying degrees financial availability are required. dero bringing complete spectrum wallet storage options users providing solutions that range from mobile wallets mobile devices offline (two factor authentication) biometric identification protected hardware wallets. lightweight wallet instead downloading the entire blockchain, lightweight wallet connects randomly selected decentralized nodes utilize the data stored there. this dramatically reduces the amount data required transact the network while maintaining the security your private keys your device, not the node the device connected to. subaddresses this technology allows for the creation additional public addresses for one wallet. this allows user differentiate where payments are coming from https://en.bitcoin.it/wiki/hashed timelock contracts while preventing privacy loss caused linking transactions one public address. escrow services the blockchain escrow services may take advantage dero blockchain technology using the trusted third party. this instance, financial instrument asset recorded the blockchain and held until the appropriate instructions are given, contractual obligations have been fulfilled. address signing and certifying comparable the way certifying authority may issue passport drivers license, individual may receive digital signatures and pre-authorizations that are stored their individual wallet the blockchain. voting through the use blockchain technology any group organization may create safe and transparent voting system that also maintains complete anonymity among voters. dero virtual machine smart contracts the dero blockchain will run dero virtual machine (dvm). dvm turing complete -bit virtual machine runtime environment for dero smart contracts with cryptonote protocol privacy and additional modifications. dvm unique its ability execute smart contracts while maintaining the privacy and fungiblity the identities involved the smart contracts. dvm will support the golang language for writing smart contracts with the possibility solidity the future. dvm the development phase, and several other features and optimizations are planned which may added the future. roadmap dero project roadmap dec launch the dero project. march implementation the cryptonote protocol golang completed. april dero mainnet migrates the golang implementation. june dero atlantis development completed and testnet launched. july august mainnet migrates atlantis code base with secs block time and rocket bulletproofs. application for listings various exchanges. marketing and expansion starts parallel. smartcontracts/atomic swaps testnet. before smartcontracts/atomic swaps live mainnet. specifications pow algorithm: cryptonight max supply: million for first years, infinite dero/year block reward: smoothly varying block time: seconds difficulty: retargets every block ticker: dero dero blockchain development dero takes utilitarian approach development. from real world examples, use cases, community suggestions, strives develop blockchain that can deployed and widely used for practical applications. dero welcomes everyone participate shaping its roadmap and technology contributing directly code development, proposing new ideas, submitting comments and suggestions. dero has ico. premine was deemed necessary for the long term development and success the project. there are totally million dero premined. million premine for devs are locked and will gets unlocked respectively years devs premine second year wallet viewkey: fabedfccafdddcbececdafaabb fedcacdafdbce wallet viewkey third and fourth year: dcbdfcacddefecdfcfcfaa deedefdfcf the other million dero used for marketing/community growth and project develop. areas will refine constantly the future reducing energy consumption the network reducing block times increasing transactions per second reducing blockchain sync times and resource utilization reducing blockchain size increasing reliability and security the network secure hardware wallet with biometrics. regular audits and updates the core cryptography negate the benefits quantum computations. dero project foundation: plan incorporate foundation which will market, develop, maintain, and expand dero. foundation would hire more developers, expand the marketing team, add advisors, and would representing dero the world. draft version, this document will updated based community inputs.