buy sell crypto for cash. spend physical stores. white paper version march abstract buying and selling ether remains centralized process that's long and difficult: takes time and costs money. registering online, depositing money and getting verified takes days weeks. and time money. decentralization the core blockchains value proposition; yet, central entities still play major role the process buying cryptocurrencies. the overly complex buying process creates barriers ethereum mass adoption, more than billion adults are unbanked and don't have the necessary bank account buy ether. the last mile issue cryptocurrency transactions has yet solved. how transform cryptocurrency into cash only minutes. that's why created dether. what dether? dether provides decentralized peer-to-peer ether network that enables anyone earth buy ether with cash and spend physical stores nearby. bank account needed, just mobile phone with internet access. our belief that the beauty and power the ethereum technology should easily accessible all. we've decided put all our energy and that the ethereum community into helping build the first trustless solution that will allow anyone able interact with the ethereum blockchain matter who you are, where you are, and without the need for middleman. crowdsale details dth token total supply: dth max will minted during the crowdsale. maximum cap crowdsale: eth method: eth accepted www.dether.io breaking barriers ethereum mass adoption satoshi nakamoto envisioned the first blockchain use case "peer-to-peer electronic cash system," people all over the globe have been increasingly using not only bitcoin, but also cryptocurrency, means payment. with cryptocurrency you can now: buy subway sandwich buenos aires. buy painting paris. pay your children's tuition fees new york city. buy deli sandwich melbourne. buy camera tokyo. and that's just the beginning. this context, mobile phones are the new banks. and cryptocurrency the new money. that's the reason we've also shaped the dether map decentralized solution for any physical store willing accept ether means payment. credit debit card needed spend ether physical stores. white paper this paper first underlines the current and future issues faced billions individuals moment history when ethereum adoption, and more globally, blockchain technology adoption, more than buzzword. then presents the core principles the decentralized mobile application that dether, its adequate features make worldwide success and the use the dth token. will also present market study stressing the time market accuracy, along with presentation the market addressed and its targets (from early adopters the late majority). acknowledgments would like thank all the contributors and supporters for their comments and advice dether and this whitepaper. particular order: the ethereum foundation, for their active work ethereum and its constant improvements the ethereum community for their feedback and help consensys for their support, especially the token foundry team the raiden network team, and especially lefteris dether's community for their precious feedback and help jenna zenk, developer melonport yacine terai and eddy travia, blockchain investisors george li, ceo and cofounder wetrust.io andy yen, ceo proton technologies pascal thellmann, blockchain writer simon polrot, lawyer ethereum france founder the cryptofr community and many others who have helped and continue help build dether www.dether.io table contents abstract what dether? crowdsale details breaking barriers ethereum mass adoption white paper acknowledgments introduction observations current challenges the missing piece make cryptocurrency true "peer-to-peer electronic cash system" current problems facing ethereum mass adoption user persona say hello dether! cutting-edge app for ethereum mass adoption buy and sell ether. anywhere. anytime. with cash. use your ether physical stores all over the world moderation and arbitration principles bank account needed trade example: denis and nadia ux/ui key metrics and performance affiliate program details dether token model summary general guidelines and usage loyalty program and premium services future development and mitigation potential risks: market study, strategy and time market green lights for perfect time market rising interest cryptocurrency all over the world for political, social and economic reasons rising interest ethereum blockchain and its cryptocurrency all over the world since the use cash throughout the world and financial exclusion mobile phones are the new gateway financial, and thus blockchain, inclusion the increasing use cryptocurrency means payment shops fully decentralized powered ethereum smart contracts trustless mobile first and responsive design ... buying subway sandwich with crypto buenos aires, argentina ... grilling beef and chicken thanks ether melbourne, australia ... art exhibition paris, france, where artists only accept ether ... getting new camera go-to-market strategy road decentralization progressive web app with react targets market positioning encrypted peer-to-peer messaging ethereum smart contracts reputation system in-app wallet decentralized trading escrow system wireframes development roadmap current state future developments legal kyc risks identified solutions identified solutions identified team advisors contact join dether's community aml risk identified introduction with the financial crisis still leering over the economy, the need for decentralized banking solution has come the forefront ingenuity. against the backdrop raising awareness and the need for more trusted global solutions, blockchain technology opened doors for new opportunities using cutting-edge technology serve societies all over the world. the technology initially underlying the bitcoin protocol has the power have great impact our society transforming our industries. financial services, healthcare services, even governance: wide range fields could disrupted using blockchain technology. and disrupting those multiple fields, could also allow for better inclusion populations left behind globalization. when satoshi nakamoto created bitcoin, the first blockchain and its cryptocurrency, was aimed being "peer-to-peer electronic cash system." digital form money that could used anyone, from anywhere, and without having central organization behind that has power over the entire system. cryptocurrencies are often referred digital gold: digital money, not ruled any government, and secure from political influence. countries experiencing hyperinflation, it's used store value. also allows for fast, secure and convenient payment over the internet, preserving the anonymity the participants. the creation the first blockchain with bitcoin has highlighted the fact that decentralization the core value blockchain. going through centralized organization institution has systemic risk, being that this central entity fact single point failure that can destroy everything that's below it. satoshi nakamoto, bitcoin: peer-to-peer electronic cash system bitcoin.org www.dether.io decentralization matters because redistributes power back society, without the control central authority, beautifully explained vitalik buterin: "fault tolerance decentralized systems are less likely fail accidentally because they rely many separate components that are not likely. attack resistance seizure resistance decentralized systems are more expensive attack and destroy manipulate because they lack sensitive central points that can attacked much lower cost than the economic size the surrounding system. collusion resistance much harder for participants decentralized systems collude act ways that benefit them the expense other participants. censorship resistance this one the most important distinguishing factors cryptocurrencies. centralized systems are notoriously easy censor. censoring transactions allows for third parties prevent the flow transactions from certain sources. access control resistance centralized services are easy have access blocked isp, government, other authority. even the internet was completely shut down, however, blockchains could survive through satellites shortwave radio. change resistance blockchains are also incredibly resistant change and are not subject the whims few individuals. any major change requires consensus from the vast majority participants." blockchains are powerful because they generate decentralization. decentralization has the unique ability give people control back over their rights, their digital assets, their data, their vote and more. beyond that, the ethereum blockchain goes even further. more than simple cryptocurrency, ethereum offers promising opportunities. ethereum enables anyone access and interact with distributed applications (dapps) and smart contracts. gives the disruptive ability build trustless digital societies and organizations where its applications don't have any kind censorship, fraud third party interference. here, are talking about societies where you can participate democratic and autonomous organization with trust, and without previously knowing any participants. the power ethereum's technology and its extremely active community opens world possibilities for the future our society. ethereum technology and its community are flexible enough and ready for scaling its protocol the near future with prospects for off-chain systems--its security being one the strongest ones. the meaning decentralization, vitalik buterin why decentralization matters, alphonse pace www.dether.io you will see below, many applications using the ethereum blockchain are under development. are living turning point history when ethereum has the power change the societies live in, and therefore, the world. and one its challenges mass adoption. mass adoption, mean that anyone the world should able interact with its network and have the ability build participate trustless organizations without middleman fiat currency barriers. thus, this white paper aims give the necessary explanation about dether, its context, its technology, its market, its targets, its tokens, its team, and its current state and future development. sums our thoughts and strategy the current stage the project and may evolve the future. we're building trustless solution needed worldwide foster ethereum mass adoption, and this white paper the first step. source: dapps.ethercasts.com www.dether.io observations current challenges the missing piece make cryptocurrency true "peer-topeer electronic cash system" decentralization the heart blockchain; even viewed, the words vitalik buterin "blockchain's entire raison d'etre." the one hand, bitcoin paved the way for the first use case blockchain technology; "electronic peer-to-peer cash system" described satoshi nakamoto. what's more, ethereum enables anyone build unstoppable applications: trustless digital world where its applications don't have any kind censorship, fraud third party interference. world where you can participate democratic and autonomous organizations without previously knowing any participants. fact, when one buys ether (ethereum cryptocurrency), then becomes possible access and interact with the ethereum blockchain. while we're living important time history, where blockchain technology, and especially ethereum, changing the world one its greatest challenges remains mass adoption. current problems facing ethereum mass adoption nevertheless, mass adoption cannot happen if: buying crypto-currency remains long and difficult process. registering online, depositing money and getting verified can take weeks. and time money. cryptocurrency's volatility sometimes presented barrier. but we've seen the past few months, volatility can also seen opportunity, especially when ether's value can rise dramatically within hours even minutes during single day. order interact with the ethereum blockchain, people should able quickly and safely buy ether, without having pay high fees when they want so. financial institutions still play major role when comes buying and selling ether through cryptocurrency exchanges. the most common way buy cryptocurrency remains online exchanges that require bank transfers, despite the fact that the technology's core purpose bypass central institutions. there are systemic risks having these giant central institutions that are single points failure. this current use far from satoshi nakamoto's vision create purely peer-to-peer version electronic cash [that]would allow online payments sent directly from one party another without going through financial institution." going through financial institutions using credit cards creates barriers mass adoption. this problem becomes massive when over billion people are unbanked. these people, who are mostly located africa, south asia and south america, are usually living societies sensitive abuses government power and corruption where democracy not the rule and where corruption exists. https://medium.com/@vitalikbuterin/the-meaning-of-decentralization-acba https://bitcoin.org/bitcoin.pdf www.dether.io thus, being unbanked, it's not only impossible for them interact with the ethereum blockchain, it's also impossible for them use fighting censorship, fraud third party interference, while building societies which allow for participation democratic and autonomous organization. the world's unbanked adults region sub-saharan africa adults without account (%), latin america caribbean east asia pacific europe central asia other economies middle east south asia south asia selling fish inside mogadishu's fish market the xamar weyne district the somali capital. the last mile issue cryptocurrency transactions has yet solved. today, ethereum enables anyone send ether, value, from one point another within seconds. when alice (who's located europe) sends ether bob (her father who's located africa), takes only seconds, and the only thing they need for their transaction smartphone. however, when bob receives ether his wallet his smartphone, cannot transform into cash pay rent buy supplies. nor can quickly find stores, shops and other businesses that would trade ether for fiat currency that would accept ether means payment. centralizing all the data they gather, current solutions act middleman between the buyer and the seller. moreover, the level services provided, well the user experience poor. transactional and user information stored their servers, which constitutes security risk. and the risk having user with fake rating constitutes point failure, it's centralized and could thus hacked. source: global findex database https://bitcoin.org/bitcoin.pdf www.dether.io user persona hassan, the tunisian developer and human rights activist. hassan labid lives tunis. since his childhood, he's been fan video games. used spend his days playing video games the city's arcade, where would meet with his friends. his mom bought him his first computer. started playing with computer games and quickly realized that wanted become developer. but human rights activist during the arab spring, soon became interested blockchain technology, and more particularly ethereum. wanted build dao (decentralized autonomous organization), that would allow him and other residents the country express themselves freely, without censorship, country where any kind public space controlled the police, making difficult criticize institutions. also plans set transparent voting system allow his community designate the future elected representatives the country. although he's closely following dao projects, cannot interact with the ethereum blockchain because doesn't own ether. his first thought was mine ether, but needed more powerful computer and electricity bills were expensive. then thought buying ether online. has bank account, but online exchange accepts tunisian dinar. today, looking for simple and effective solution acquire ether relying the millions francotunisian going back and forth between france and tunisia, who are able play the role human mobile ether atms. adama, the hard worker immigrant from mali. adama toure young malian immigrant currently based paris. from small village near markala mali. crossed north africa two years ago france. was fleeing the misery his home country, spent all his money and his mother's come france find better life. now, it's been two years since he's been working construction sites paris with other people from different countries africa who are also being paid minimum wage. while struggled find job and shelter that shares with other employees from mali and senegal, saves part his salary every month send money his mother pay off his debt and help her live decently. because this, adama goes through western union every month. company that takes commission fee every time sends money his mother. fed with this system, adama attended one the monthly meetup paris and learned more about ethereum. today, would like send ether his mother, but also would like her convert the cryptocurrency into fiat cfa franc once she receives her ether. with time waste, desperately seeks quick and effective solution. angel, fighting hyperinflation caracas. angel electrician caracas, venezuela. the father two boys and works hard provide for his family and support their needs. angel didn't attend school when was young, and now wants his two sons study college, he's started saving money. although has steady job there's always need for electrician caracas, angel having hard time putting money aside for his two boys' future because the hyperinflation that taking place his country. consumer prices rose which decreases the value the money makes every month. his customers always pay him cash and today, looking for solution, like ether another cryptocurrency, that will allow him use the cash makes and convert into safe-haven currency investment. www.dether.io ania, the future rockstar? since she was child, ania has always been "natural performer," just like her father loved call her. whether billie jean playing the radio, she's giving private concert the mirror, she always the first one sing the dance floor ... the middle the street. since she started singing and dancing band, she's been performing many local bars. her audience keeps asking for more music. now, she's looking for solutions listen music demand, well upload her music gain popularity. she's heard about ujo music, home for artists that allows them own and control their creative content and paid directly for sharing their musical talents with the world. but ania's never had the chance own ether. cash king her hometown. with dether, she'll able upload her album ujo music let the whole world know about her talents. whenever user listens one her songs, she'll automatically get paid ether within seconds. her goal earn enough ether ujo music order cash out afterwards and record her brand new album. hans, the german student who wanted buy ether. hans business school student berlin. since his internship rocket internet, he's been interested the startup ecosystem and new technology-related topics. started attending conferences and meetups about new technologies and successful startups. eventually, discovered blockchain technology after attending conference about the use smart contracts. then wanted invest some his savings ether. observing that the ether price was may went through online exchange transfer his savings from his bank account. but the time his account was validated due kyc regulations and the bank carried-out the transfer the online cryptocurrency exchange, the price had already risen like hans, tomorrow millions people will look for quick and efficient way get ether without having through middleman long and cumbersome process. www.dether.io say hello dether! cutting-edge app for ethereum mass adoption dether the world's first peer-to-peer ether network. enables anyone who has smartphone buy and sell ether using cash and spend physical stores listed the dether map. dether creates worldwide ecosystem ether buyers, sellers and physical stores willing trade ether for fiat cash and accept means payment. dether provides the infrastructure for people embrace ethereum technology their everyday lives. dether available any smartphone. bank account needed buy and sell ether. credit debit card needed spend ether physical stores. seller organizing trading location point set offer rate-location offer published registerd smart contract contact buyer seller transaction chat chat with buyer agree conditions and trading location point trading location point buyer gives cash the seller. the seller sends ether the buyer seller offer registered smart contract ethereum click buy see sellers the dether map located nearby buyer's reputation select buyer based his/her reputation and start chatting www.dether.io buy and sell ether. anywhere. anytime. with cash. dether offers the unique ability let anyone safely buy and sell ether anywhere, anytime, with cash. because believe that ethereum won't know mass adoption until it's easily and quickly accessible anyone earth, decided create the first dapp that brings the key solution order interact with the ethereum blockchain from anywhere the world. the fastest and easiest way for anyone buy ether dether offers the unique opportunity have access ether within minutes using phone and spending cash. users are able discover ether sellers, called tellers, near them the dether map, their eth/fiat rate, the fees that they take, and chat anonymously with them. buyers are free engage conversation with the seller they want trade with order agree the trading conditions and the meeting point exchange ether for cash. any individual that has cash able buy ether dether. cash used all countries across the globe whether not person unbanked. and the adoption smartphones increasing all over the world. the crossroads cash usage and increasing smartphone adoption dether. its unique solution gives anyone the opportunity access ether, and thus ethereum blockchain, spending cash. dether aims unleashing the potential ethereum technology providing quick, easy and secure gateway the decentralized future. cross-border market for ether tellers any ether owner can officially become seller dether and benefit from new, profitable activity. ether sellers can now become mobile "ptm" (people teller machine) being the dether map and selling ether for fiat currency anywhere the world any time. sellers are free set their own eth/fiat rate and their own fees. www.dether.io use your ether physical stores all over the world seller advertising transaction offer published registerd smart contract set offer rate-location go! use ether pay with seller offer registered smart contract ethereum click buy see sellers the dether map located nearby shop location select shop and read information spend ether local stores, shops and businesses dether, users discover physical stores near them that accept ether. ethereum popularity quickly increasing throughout the world, more and more businesses are accepting ether. today, buying subway sandwich buenos aires with cryptocurrency, deli sandwich melbourne camera japan, now possible. tomorrow, the dether map will give everyone the opportunity discover all the places nearby where ether accepted. www.dether.io dether users are able discover shops near them that: accept ether means payment are willing buy sell ether for cash users are able spend their ether without the need for bank account credit/debit card. for specific needs, users are able type the kind physical stores they are looking for (e.g.: "restaurant") their city see which ones are accepting ether. adding their own shops the dether map and expanding their businesses shop owners can let the whole world know that they're now accepting ether! the number ether buyers and tellers that use the dether map will grow rapidly, physical stores are also able part the ecosystem being listed the dether map. thanks auction mechanism, shops will compete with other businesses nearby for better visibility the dether map. similarly, like any search engine promotional marketplace, physical stores are able bet specific key words and expressions more visible dether users the map. addition, dether will offer complete back-office system any shop wishing accept ether, order manage their liquidity and keep with cryptocurrency fluctuations, thus having the possibility directly convert received ether into fiat currency. moderation and arbitration preserve quality service and adhere the legalisation zone's state governance, users may report physical stores for bad behavior non-compliance with local laws. initially, the dether team will oversee this activity. the future, the dether project wishes arbitration handled completely through decentralized arbitration services currently under development other teams the blockchain ecosystem. escrow service for especially large trades may provided similar manner: first the dether project, but eventually specialized projects aimed solving those specific problems. user may dispute any their transactions hiring arbitrator for fee. dether will first provide builtin arbitration services, but will eventually support third-party arbitration projects such kleros.io. www.dether.io principles our mission break barriers foster ethereum mass adoption. other words, dether aims making ethereum accessible anyone earth who wishes interact with it. dether built features that guarantee its use anyone who owns smartphone and has internet access. fully decentralized peer-to-peer messaging: dether uses fully encrypted peer-to-peer messaging solution, where none the information kept any entity. buyers and sellers are able talk directly each other agree trade conditions and set meeting location. peer-to-peer trading: buyers and sellers are able trade together directly from one dether wallet (d-wallet) another. when they meet up, sellers are able scan the buyer's wallet code copy his/her address transfer the ether. buyer's hand deliver the cash the exchange. powered ethereum smart contracts keys stored encrypted device: when creating dether account, users' keys are created and stored encrypted their local device. users retain full and exclusive control their wallet. smart contract rating system: buyers and sellers have their own public reputation rating based the transactions they have successfully achieved and their volume transactions. trustless secured local transactions: dether never holds user's funds. sellers are free transfer ether their d-wallet. when they so, buyers are able see the amount ether the sellers are willing sell. only the user has the ability fund his wallet, sell withdraw his ether. mobile first and responsive design individuals move and need solutions adapted their needs. that's the reason dether mobile first solution with mobile responsive design. bank account needed phones are the new bank and ether the new currency. using smartphone, anyone can localize ether buyers and sellers the dether map, well stores that accept ether means payment. www.dether.io trade example: denis and nadia denis has been interested crypto for two years and travels lot due his job. every time travels new country, always comes back with lot souvenirs and gifts for his relatives back france. next month, he's travelling algeria for six weeks and he'll have exchange euros for the national currency, the algerian dinar. the fees taken the foreign currency exchanges are rising these past six months, would like trade some ether for algerian dinars. when lands houari boumediene airport the algerian capital, alger, goes dether trade ether for algerian dinars. denis creates dether wallet (d-wallet) within seconds and transfers ethers discovers ether buyers near him the dether map. quickly sees that nadia also currently located the airport, and that she would like trade the sufficient amount dinars that denis needs for ether. none them have access each other's personal data. pseudonyms and avatars are being shown the dether app. denis and nadia chat anonymously together order the agree price and safe meeting point the airport. they decide trade ethers for algerian dinars with profit rate that goes denis. denis has saved ethers his d-wallet, nadia can verify that has before meets with nadia front the coffee shop gate when they meet, denis scans nadia's wallet code transfer the ethers her wallet, and nadia gives the cash denis. when the trade done, pop-up displays both their phones that allows them evaluate the transaction. went well for both them, they both get better personal rating their profile the dether map that will help them for their next trade. ux/ui dether built with the idea that even child could able understand how use it. matter fact, dether offers simple and intuitive user experience without the need have any technical background. our vision that user experience important development, and should always the case when launching dapp. dether add sell point select your margin: min. max. enter your telegram username: dether.telegram amount ether you want sell: eth usd) min. max. address location effect trades: river road, nairobi (kenya) register www.dether.io from creating wallet within seconds, finding ether sellers around you with the simple touch button, dether offers smooth and enjoyable user experience that targets any user familiar unfamiliar with blockchain dapps: use comprehensive pictograms that make the process understandable without reading the text simple user interfaces with bright and enjoyable colors friendly and fun imagery through avatar customization fewer clicks for each step: from creating wallet trading instant peer-to-peer messaging position sharing demand controlled the user anytime instant push notifications whenever seller matches buyer's needs and vice versa trading codes and more... key metrics and performance dether's kpis will closely followed the team monitor and manage performance. among the metrics followed, are: the the the the the the the number buyers and sellers (overall and per region) number buyers per seller and vice versa average time buyer/seller available number connections dether per user volume successful trades (overall and per user) average volume trade most active regions affiliate program details sustain organic growth, dether will launch with affiliate program. incentives are provided users encourage them strengthen the dether network. affiliate program details are follows: every teller has affiliate balance eth. every teller can withdraw his own affiliate balance and all his user balance. teller can have multiple users. teller can just have one affiliate. the more teller trades, the fewer fees he'll pay (volumes targeted have his fee decreased will established later). teller will pay deposit fees, half will the affiliator. www.dether.io dether token model summary dether project that facilitates access cryptocurrency marketplaces through network tellers. tellers become authorized vend cryptocurrencies the dether network staking the dth token with amounts dependent locality and monthly transaction volume requirements. the dether team has identified and attempting address the following network issues with the dth token: network congestion, lack market safety, and network takeovers. reducing network congestion and improving market safety allowing any party easily register and vend the dether network, would reasonable expect significant counts low-quality fraudulent listings. prevent this, staking mechanism requires that participants have "skin the game" locking minimum amount dth prior transacting. those with larger transaction volumes and therefore more potential negatively impact the network through fraud scams are required have larger safety deposits. the amount staked subject arbitration that penalizes bad behavior, the most straightforward way punish bad actors cryptosystems take away their money. with token, the stake amount automatically correlated network valuation, and therefore protection for market participants will rise fall depending the total value the network. replaced with cryptocurrency fiat currency, these scaling staking amounts would require far more intensive price discovery and accompanying politics effectively protect market participants the network shrinks grows. also unclear that those tasked with setting the new amounts would better job than the market for the token itself. protecting against network takeovers network attackers may raise capital and attempt network takeover staking large amounts create many fraudulent accounts, increasing network congestion and undermining the overall legitimacy the network. with the dth token, any attempts aggressively purchase masse will met with sharp price increases, which would make the attack far more expensive and likely unprofitable. consider the use eth instead dth for staking this situation. the early stages the dether project, its entire network valuation may but tiny fraction the billion eth market cap result, the price movement the staking currency would unresponsive and unable effectively counteract the aggressive amassing resources for network takeover. general guidelines and usage users wishing operate sellers shops must stake minimum amount dth tokens for entry, just taxi drivers must hold medallions business many parts the world. this requirement helps dether attract only real users willing engage authentic transactions the marketplace and dether map. required dth stake amounts per account are based monthly transaction volumes that vendor wishes conduct. greater transaction volumes amount greater potential commit fraud and harm the network, justifying more collateral that the network should hold. for each vended eth item, user earns loyalty points which may staked access premium services such "owning" geographical zone "owning" geography-locked keyword the dether search engine for fixed periods time. loyalty points are used instead dth for access premium services prevent deep-pocketed attackers from engaging undesirable behaviors such "buying out" the entire dether map once. instead, long-term market participants with healthy transaction histories are best positioned take advantage premium services that may also rival goods. upon unstaking dth, account holders will lose their accrued loyalty points and active premium features. this encourage long-term staking for reputation the network over time. www.dether.io for the ether seller: bob wanted become seller paris, had stake dth* listed and able operate. can now trade eth/month. wants able trade for more, he'll need add more dth his safety deposit: for each additional eth wants trade, he'll need add dth* /month. bob can now stake his loyalty points, order able have premium zone services. for shops: bob wants list his restaurant accepting ether the dether map. will have stake dth tokens for dth*. wants generate loyalty points, the shop has stake additional tokens based the volume sales generated. shop owners can stake their loyalty points either own zone, own keywords for the search engine. nb: all amounts are subject adjustment reflecting community feedback. customer retention policy and loyalty points calculation: the longer user stakes dth, the faster they will earn loyalty points. addition, the more trades user makes, the faster they earn loyalty points. want encourage sellers active the map; that's why the number loyalty points will correlated with the number trades user makes, not only the volume. the starting price for minimum stakes has not yet been fixed and may change overtime. loyalty program and premium services users are rewarded loyalty points per eth volume earned. the reward amount based transaction volume and number trades such that frequent small transactions with diverse parties are rewarded more generously than handful large transactions with select few. one dether's project goals advocate for open access anyone who wishes participate, matter how small their purse. dether zoning system: zones represent parcel land that users can effect influence over through premium features such dether map visibility. initially, zones will each begin areas square meters the dether map, but they will eventually able adapt their localities growing, shrinking, splitting, and merging. for example, the starting zone size square meters may too small for rural areas and too large for busy city districts, they must adapted accordingly. www.dether.io zones must "owned" for particular purpose through winning auctions with bids placed loyalty points. auction system will take place like this: the user selects the zone (or multiple zones) they want own for specific benefit such map visibility. each zone may empty possessed another user. the challenging user can outbid the previous owner with more loyalty points. multiple zones are selected, the total bid divided the number zones for the per-zone bid. future iteration, the dether project considering the use spectrum auctions, which were designed exactly for situations where parcels are packaged and repackaged into reusable "sets" for bidding. the bid auction system open for hours*. the auction winner will "own the zone" and enjoy the specific benefit for least hours. *the hour bidding schedule could adjusted regarding the market activity the area, the number bidders expressing interest challenge the current winner the zone. zone owners will lose percentage their staked loyalty points every hours prevent the concentration power. high-visibility zone owner might otherwise enter virtuous cycle transacting and earning loyalty points rate that could unravel competitive market. initially, the benefits that zone owners can enjoy will implemented the dether team. progress made, community members are encouraged take advantage the project's open protocol create new benefits that zone owners. the premium features that dether team has implemented for zones include: preferred visibility the dether map fee collection privileges allow other sellers operate zone for fees collected the zone owner. important note that benefits are very sensitive particular localities, and that proactive efforts further engage with prospective marketplace vendors will inform these developments the most. premium keyword: shops will have the possibility own premium keywords tied geographic identifiers such city names, zip codes (or similar), zones, group zones. for example, restaurant accepting cryptocurrency paris could own the keywords "restaurant paris third party dapps interface for staking dth: the dether project shall implement smart contract interface for dapp developers utilize dether's zone and loyalty points systems. will provide facilities such interfacing with user accounts, managing zone auctions, accessing transaction histories, and methods for collecting fees. the dether project fully believes that alone cannot conceive all the add-on features address needs across hundred different and unique localities, chooses open this aspect its own market. dether's own premium features such its visibility map and fee collection privileges will implemented using the same open interface available any other developers. nb: all amounts are subject adjustment reflecting the community feedback. future development and mitigation potential risks: minimum staking amount variation it's more expensive open new shop the busy city paris than the calmer commune havre, and the same should hold true for vendors the dether network more competitive less competitive areas. one way achieve this allow the minimum stake amount scale depending local volumes. the calculation might based the global volume traded against the local volume specific areas, along with consideration floating dth/eth price variation avoid discouraging newcomers. any scheme should favor early adopters. www.dether.io example: the starting minimum stake paris dth*. with transaction volumes picking up, the minimum stake rises, but protect the current sellers, their existing stake are grandfathered allow the originally promised volumes confer first-mover advantage. staking for buyers sellers may wish also require buyers stake dth prior transactions. credit cards have clearing period several weeks, while eth may confirmed several minutes. this may cause sellers only accept cash, which would reduce the possible amount honest transactions. mitigate this, the dether project may enable staking for buyers and allow sellers express their buyer requirements. gaming loyalty points through transactions among conspirators combat conspiring users who trade among themselves game the loyalty point system while providing useful activity the network, the dether protocol could reward only kyc-passing user accounts with loyalty points. additionally, overly-frequent trades between the same account pair may generate fewer loyalty points. new users without loyalty points transactions are necessary generate loyalty points, yet loyalty points spent for premium services are very helpful increasing transaction volumes. how new user without any loyalty points compete? the dether project may consider combination both loyalty points and dth appropriate bid for premium services, with loyalty points holding more weight. alternatively additionally, secondary market for loyalty points may created with fractions the loyalty points burned per transfer discourage frequent trading, but allowing demands better fulfilled. loyalty points cannot simply freely traded because they are important account-specific mechanism ensure good behavior. future services built dth general marketplace: with sufficient transaction volumes the network, the dether platform could attract many third-party developers provide new services alongside the traditional services offered dether itself. mentioned section .c., dapp developers will have access the same open interface used the dether project for its services, and furthermore possible for new dapps obviate the original services themselves delivering better customer value. for example, third-party developer may aspire create craigslist-competitor dether utilizing many the platform's open components, including the zones, staking mechanisms, and reputation system. users might list items for local sale offer services such plumbing, bike repair, etc. posting ads may require staking dth. the development these features would subsidized through use the protocol's features. arbitrator: dether will allow users hire approved arbitrators for disputing their transactions. arbitrators must stake tokens ensure the quality their arbitration. (more details section affiliates: those who improve the network strength bringing participants should rewarded. affiliates should stake dth reduce fraud. (see section www.dether.io market study, strategy and time market green lights for perfect time market dether's team has been focusing building trustless mobile app since and all the lights are green launch ground-breaking blockchain app favorable economic context. that's the reason we've been focusing studying and understanding our market targets order know which ones will most likely dether's early adopters, early majority and late majority. rising interest cryptocurrency all over the world for political, social and economic reasons the volatility cryptocurrency sometimes described disadvantage for its adoption. this may true some situations, hasn't stopped many nations from all over the world from beginning and continuing invest cryptocurrency, due economic, social and political factors. overall, there's increasing interest cryptocurrency that very much related one the following reasons: the (hyper)inflation that country's population can undergo due the currency fixation the government. fourteen countries had inflation levels above according the international monetary fund (imf), the venezuelan economy will see inflation rate nigeria also pertinent example country whose inflation the local currency was caused the decision the government fix the exchange rate the naira, leading its population consider cryptocurrency safe-haven currency. countries where freedom speech not guaranteed, the anonymity that cryptocurrency offers has made widely popular. this represents powerful tool for migrants and refugees leaving their home country because war unrest, and who may wish eventually speak out against regime the government. also functions powerful tool during revolutions and demonstrations. the arab spring pertinent example time when social media was used both rioters organize demonstrations and also authoritarian governments prevent unrest identifying demonstrators. time history where populations can easily move from one country another, high trading fees and commissions taken remittance companies represent rising and tremendous business, and cryptocurrency has the power lower these financial barriers proposing almost fees and commissions cryptocurrency transactions. this trend particularly important among diasporas workers who abroad find better economic situation and who allocate percentage their income for their family back home. www.dether.io cryptocurrency can also seen form investment due its volatility, the fact that its value terms market cap continues rise makes attractive investment. china remains the country where the demand rising the most the world. among other countries where cryptocurrency demand rising, can count: nigera, japan, india, south korea, singapore, malaysia, hong kong, taiwan. rising interest ethereum blockchain and its cryptocurrency all over the world since overall, was marked turning point overall interest the ethereum blockchain. while ethereum was still unknown the general public since its first release july the trend began evolve there are several reasons for ethereum's growing success. this related to: its flourishing global ecosystem, combined with growing number developers and ethereum enthusiasts the organization international conferences like devcon shanghai september edcon paris, february and the upcoming devcon mexico thedao case, which brought ethereum blockchain potential front and center, despite its outcome the appearance the first versions decentralized applications (dapps) the use ether true cryptocurrency and not merely means paying fees the world's interest for ethereum has been exploding since the beginning its steady rise recent months has led people consider more seriously form investment. www.dether.io this interest ethereum varies from one country another. western countries are not the only ones concerned, one might assume; every continent now implicated renewed interest ethereum. looking the top thirty, it's clear that the asian and european countries dominate the ranking. countries, ethereum: (// //) singapore switzerland netherlands venezuela austria south africa, south korea canada ukraine australia russia usa malaysia, sweden germany united kingdom france poland italy spain india vietnam brazil mexico indonesia turkey japan the use cash throughout the world and financial exclusion nowadays, the vast majority cryptocurrency buyers all over the world make deposits from their bank accounts online cryptocurrency exchanges, order interact with blockchain. the trend similar whether they are buying bitcoin ether. however, significant number people around the globe remain excluded from the financial system. according the world bank "two billion poor adults remain excluded from the financial system, with unmet needs and untapped market potential." for them, it's either impossible buy cryptocurrency, expensive, the process even harder and longer than now with bank transfers online exchanges. this significant number underlines the need for solution for this significant part the population. www.dether.io parallel, cash remains widely used pay for basic needs all over the world. the world bank notes that billion adults with account developing countries pay their trash, water, and electric bills cash, and over half billion adults with account developing countries pay school fees cash." cash not only the most popular means payment countries that have the highest number unbanked people, but many western countries well. for example, germany and austria represent two western countries where cash more popular than debit credit cards, even for costly purchases. the steady success cash throughout the world, even the west, explained different reasons, including, not having enough money open and maintain bank account, simply not needing one, credit and debit cards are still not accepted significant number merchants. cash also well known for being used people who keep this means payment habit. self-reported barriers use account financial institution adults without account reporting barrier reason for not having one (%), cited only reason religious reasons cited with other reason lack trust cannot get accoun lack necessary documentation financial institutions too far away accounts too expensiv family member alread has accoun not need account not enough mone mobile phones are the new gateway financial, and thus blockchain, inclusion while billion poor adults remain excluded from the financial system, the number smartphone users forecast grow from billion around billion www.dether.io bitcoin demand localbitcoins filtered country: the devaluation the currency the regulatory authorities asia south america, well the withdrawal certain banknotes deemed too high slow down inflation, india, strongly correlated with the growing demand for cryptocurrency form investment safe-haven currency. analysis country according the volume bitcoin exchanged during week may terms the volume bitcoins bought localbitcoins over the past year, can see that china far ahead, with million traded just one week late may china the only country where the level million traded per week was crossed over the same period, reflecting the country's importance the world blockchain and cryptocurrency (devcon and international blockchain week took place shanghai september russia, the united states and the united kingdom hit million traded week may representing total nearly million for the three zones. australia, europe, and venezuela are above the million dollar mark week during the same period. india and colombia hit the million-dollar mark week. analysis country according the evolution purchases and sales bitcoin localbitcoins from november may months) among the five countries with the fastest growth demand for bitcoin six months are: china: venezuela: colombia: hungary: tanzania: the top ten, then find: denmark: saudi arabia: nigeria: singapore: ukraine: the increasing use cryptocurrency means payment shops shops, businesses and retailers accepting cryptocurrency means payment are becoming part the blockchain revolution. www.dether.io ... buying subway sandwich with crypto buenos aires, argentina argentina, where inflation has been particularly high, merchants like subway franchises have decided accept cryptocurrency means payment. fernando front his subway store bueno aires ... grilling beef and chicken thanks ether melbourne, australia melbourne, australia, the eastern european deli preston market challenging the thinking fiat currency, embracing virtual currency, accepting ether, bitcoin, and litecoin payment. eastern european deli preston market, melbourne, australia www.dether.io ... art exhibition paris, france, where artists only accept ether april paris, christophe pouilly launched the first art exhibition where buyers were able buy art with ether. art bought with ether paris ... getting new camera japan has embraced cryptocurrency recognizing legal method payment. few weeks after the decision, major leading retail groups, bic camera and recruit lifestyle, announced that they would testing cryptocurrency means payment. bic camera store japan targets taking into account the analysis bitcoin's demand for cash via localbitcoins, the penetration smartphones around the world, the continued preference for cash certain countries, and particularly, the growing interest ethereum blockchain, the following segmentation conceivable: early adopters: china, venezuela, singapore, the united states, europe, south africa, south korea, argentina, mexico, india early majority: saudi arabia, north africa, colombia, nigeria late majority: vietnam, indonesia www.dether.io market positioning unlike existing peer-to-peer cryptocurrencies solutions, dether's goal become fully decentralized application where users can freely and directly trade among themselves, without middleman holding the funds. private keys are encrypted and locally stored the user's wallet. none the ether traded kept dether any central entity. users have their own wallet their phones and tellers are free fund their own dether wallet show buyers the amount the ether they are willing sell. decentralized dether. mycelium local bitcoin kraken liquidity go-to-market strategy having go-to-market strategy essential for dether, will used many people from different countries all over the world. consider that online marketing not enough. that's the reason why have decided have go-to-market strategy that will takes all over the globe market dether meeting our potential users. dether will organizing events through worldwide roadshow. the goal present the main cities where dether could potentially used the most among the countries listed section organizing these events and bringing people together around dether will the opportunity for and our community present dether, have demos explain how works, well present future developments. moreover, it'll the opportunity for dether's team identify specific needs depending the situation each country. this feedback crucial us, will shape dether's future developments. www.dether.io road decentralization dether's strategy build fully decentralized app accessible anyone earth who has smartphone and internet access. breaking barriers ethereum mass adoption our slogan. strongly believe that having trustless solution the key dether's development. users must able exchange and trade with one another with trust, despite not knowing each other beforehand. other words, we've decided align our strategy with blockchain's core principles, where the power its users, and not central entity, determines its success. that's why we've decided create technology roadmap that integrates different key elements decentralization each feature integrate, order propel dether towards full decentralization. progressive web app with react world full uncertainty, new economic crisis still conceivable and cryptocurrencies will play crucial role. proposing application that relies decentralized infrastructure, while being dependent centralized body (app stores) longer viable option. some countries, institutions sometimes prohibit mobile applications, practice that violates freedom speech. that's why from its outset, envisioned and built dether compatible with the progressive web app (pwa) format. the progressive web app new format based solely web technologies, allowing user experience close native applications, while relying only web browser. progressive web apps can installed with simple click your smartphone browser, and thus not pass through the app stores. however, are aware that the progressive mobile web-app technology still its infancy. that's why will developing native versions mobile ios and android, until the point that the the progressive web app functional the native app, while still pushing the progressive version web app its maximum potential. this order maintain viable option without requiring app store validation. encrypted peer-to-peer messaging globally, every smartphone user has three out four chance having chat application already installed his her mobile phone. addition, each user has one three chance using two more chat applications. but there are two major problems with these applications today. the one hand, there are serious concerns the protection personal data. protection not guaranteed, and data often exploited the detriment users. however, some messaging applications, such telegram, better than others encrypting end-to-end communications. the other hand, there are hurdles related the centralization the service. here, the solution has yet found. whisper, the peer-to-peer messaging protocol native ethereum, the process providing solution this problem. that's why will allocate resources actively participate its development and integrate whisper the dether system soon possible. whisper messaging allows direct encrypted interactions between users using ethereum addresses. buyers and sellers are able chat together directly without having the risk their data information being stolen middleman who would have control over the conversations. meanwhile, rather than reinventing the wheel, will rely the best current application, which remains telegram. www.dether.io ethereum smart contracts ethereum protocol based blockchain. this technology allows exchange value, like bitcoin offers, but also deploy programs this protocol. these so-called intelligent programs are called "smart contracts." have chosen program the reputation system these autonomous and decentralized programs. the value to: ensure high availability the service validate tellers' reputations without going through trusted third party that could hacked biased the solution proposed dether's team for building the reputation system "proof-of-burn." small percentage the ether traded burnt each trade. proof-of-burn prevents from sybil attacks making costly hack the system. the basic reputation system will based the volume and the number trades. reputation system the reputation system based the number transactions and volume ether bought/sold the app the user, the kyc process, and the review comments left users. these three pieces information assist buyers decision-making, allowing them distinguish between all the tellers displayed dether map. reputation-related information: -the volume user generates seller buyer over account history. presumably, frequent transactions over long period item improve trustworthiness. user's real-life identity. the early stages the project will rely centralised kyc, but the dether project aims fully support decentralized solutions like uport the long term. -reviews. after valid transactions, buyers and sellers may leave reviews for each other. dether will store the actual reviews ipfs and anchor them on-chain smart contracts for lookup and authentication. identified future risks and potential solutions: repeated trade among conspirators can result high volumes increase reputation and loyalty points generation. solution: dether could potentially add weighted factors decrease the reputation point between two addresses trading together multiple times and empower the community with abilities report and arbitrate bad behavior. in-app wallet dether uses standard light wallet with encrypted private key the device, enabling the user safely send and receive ether. the user's private key created his local device and never sent any central entity servers. -word seed phrase generated and associated with the user's wallet. the backup phrase combination random words set particular order and acting tool recover back his wallet. the user, and the user only, able regenerate his backup phrase his device and back his wallet up. use the standard derivation path "m/'/'/'/" our generated seed phrase fully compatible with wallet like myetherwallet metamask. order enforce security, the user invited set password when creating his wallet secure his wallet access. for example, securing dether wallet with password enables the user prevent fraud loses his phone. decentralized trading escrow system order facilitate peer-to-peer transactions, dether aims integrating decentralized trading escrow system. this system will enable buyers and sellers digitally trade online with the security that buyers are receiving the cryptocurrency they bought and that the seller gets paid fiat currency. dether will integrate various online methods payments, such paypal bank deposits, facilitate peer-to-peer transactions from fiat currency cryptocurrency, without having meet the seller the buyer. decentralized courts like aragon kleros will added dether, playing the role trusted third party charge securing the transaction. www.dether.io wireframes dether enter your password dether enter your password hey password click here import your wallet confirm password dether add sell point select your margin: min. max. enter your telegram username: dether.telegram amount ether you want sell: eth usd) min. max. address location effect trades: river road, nairobi (kenya) register www.dether.io development roadmap oct. founded mar. merkle week hackathon first prize jui. new website white paper intro dth token oct. alpha version ethereum kovan testnet feb. crowdsale mar. version ethereum mainnet babylon cairo versailles tocqueville current state proof-of-concept participation the merkle week hackathon paris development, smart contract, and wireframes design proof-of-concept development that enables users register seller map, chat with buyers and trade user tests live demo and pitch front the jury first prize winner www.dether.io october alpha version ethereum kovan testnet interface: progressive app available any smartphone smart contract: smart contract enabling tellers register location point dether map availability button for tellers show buyers when they are available for trades wallet: light wallet with encrypted private key the device peer-to-peer messaging: encrypted third party messaging (ex: telegram) map: external provider ethereum provider: infura future developments march version ethereum mainnet interface: progressive app available any smartphone smart contract: erc tokens integration wallet: light wallet with encrypted private key the device peer-to-peer messaging: encrypted third party messaging (ex: telegram) map: external provider ethereum provider: infura babylon peer-to-peer ether trades stable coin integration whisper client chat staking and keywords for shops' cairo raiden network pay with crypto shops reputation system with comments ipfs/swarm native apps (ios android) decentralised affiliate program versailles premium place auction system for shops and ether trader decentralised moderation professional shop application plugged with cashiers systems big network shops integration tocqueville decentralised map multi blockchain interoperability universal token reserve for automated token trading www.dether.io legal dether has identified various risks associated with its activity. for each risk identified, dether has designed solutions that will implemented order alleviate the possibility said risks. kyc risks identified the kyc (know your customer) process legal risk associated with dether's activity. because individuals exchange cryptocurrency for fiat currency variety countries, and each country has their own legislation related kyc, this could pose potential risk dether's operation. although cryptocurrency has differing legal status various countries (or legal status), there the risk that the kyc process needed identify the buyers and sellers, especially when the amount ethers trades substantial. solutions identified dether has defined short and middle term strategy for kyc regulation. the short-term, users will have the option through kyc process order have verified account that displayed their profile. perform this, dether will have its own kyc verification process. short term requirement, order able quickly propose solution the market, dether will have use centralized kyc verification. dether will provide different levels verification. the basic level will enable dether identify the user via his telephone number. for larger transactions, users will have provide more information about their identity order unlock the additional features (ex: verified account shown users profiles). moreover, dether will also allow sellers perform the kyc verifications themselves and identify the buyers with whom the sellers have traded. this will give sellers the opportunity have their own transaction ledger. the medium-term, soon decentralized kyc solutions become available, dether will transition them. dether will implement decentralized kyc solutions, such civic and/or uport, solution already used zug, switzerland. these kyc solutions are being developed independent teams and will enable any user create identity validated trusted third party. once they create wallet dether, users will able share their identity information with the buyers, sellers physical shops with whom they're exchanging. aml risk identified money laundering risk associated with dether's activity. giving people the ability buy ether using cash, there's risk that the money used said purchase could come from illegal activities. could way for criminals launder money with cryptocurrency. solutions identified dether has defined strategy and set procedures aid preventing the generating income through illegal actions: first, dether will limit user's transactions terms volume per day. user will limited usd day. will technically impossible trade more than usd day with the same wallet. this will thus act major obstacle those wanting launder significant financial sum. www.dether.io second, dether will all its power track and blacklist all dangerous and potentially dangerous ethereum addresses from which funds come. regarding dether's first version, are exchanging with third-party solution, and keep the possibility using third-party service provider blacklist ethereum addresses the smart contract. order this, dether considering working with blockchain aml/kyc compliance solution and analytic platform that puts entities the safe side terms regulatory and fraud risk. the aml/kyc and compliance platform uses proprietary algorithms provide structured information blockchain transactions and transactions parties. the platform the most effective solution for managing your aml/kyc, compliance and blockchain transactions counterparties risks. when seller registers and credits his wallet, dether will able track his funds provenance and block the user notice red flags. thus, will enable dether deal with suspicious ethereum addresses which have been identified risky, regarding money laundering activities. for further versions, dether will use similar, but decentralized solutions. finally, dether will implement set procedures that aim identifying suspicious activities. for example, dether will able identify ethereum addresses dether that trade usd every day, those who buy ether quickly and sell immediately. once identified, dether retains the right conduct further research about suspicious ethereum addresses, order detect any fraudulent activity. www.dether.io team advisors william mougayar blockchain investor, thought leader and author william mougayar toronto-based investor, researcher, blogger, and author the business blockchain (wiley, renowned authority on, and direct participant the crypto-technology market, and advisor board member some the world's leading blockchain organizations, including ethereum, openbazaar, coin center, steem, stratumn, cofound.it and bloq. blogs regularly about the present and future blockchains startup management. eddy travia ceo consilium eddy travia pioneer investor blockchain technology startups and the ceo coinsilium, london-based venture builder, accelerator and investor early-stage blockchain technology companies. coinsilium shares are traded nex exchange london (nex:coin). was named among the 'top three most influential investors' the blockchain awards. also regulary delivers keynote speeches blockchain and advises corporates and financial regulators. yacine terai ceo startuptoken token capital founder startuptoken, global accelerator and consultancy for startup token generating event. ceo tokens capital, crowd sales and blockchain investment firm well blockchain for consilium, the first icap isdx blockchain investment company publicly listed. speaker, professor, angel investor and educator blockchain crypto investment space with years the global technology startup space. www.dether.io contact reach us, feel free send email: hello@dether.io join dether's community www.dether.io