www.deuscoin.org version september prepared deuscoin development team bridging the past, present and future cryptography" table contents introduction definition the word deus definition cryptography history "deus" "crypto" core technology pre-mined proof work model (pow) pow debrief core features technical specifications coin supply network nodes blocks definition deus deus: let get started bringing you the definition the word deus and its history deus latin for "god" "deity". ... classical latin, deus (feminine: dea) was general noun referring deity, while technical usage, divus diva was figure who had become divine, such divined emperor. late latin, deus came used mostly for the christian god. kryptos: means "hidden" graphein: means "writing" cryptography: the egyptians used communicate through messages written hieroglyph. theos: god introduction definition cryptography when hear the word cryptography, immediately think codes, puzzles and secrets. cryptography has been around for approximately years and originated egypt. the word cryptography comes from these two words: kryptos and graphein. kryptos brings the meaning "hidden", while graphein means "writing". ancient egyptian culture, messages were written hieroglyphs. using this method, only the scribes (writers) and recipients knew the codes. this method actually quite similar modern cryptography where two keys, public and private are used encrypt and cryptographically verify the message. introduction the fiat (government-backed cash/currency) your pockets and clinking change coins used monetary media have their own intriguing history boast. the first recorded monetary system appeared mesopotamia around b.c., where silver and barley were used babylonians universal mediums exchange and units account. the code hammurabi included set payment rules which debts could settled with either silver barley. time goes by, individuals' status the public eye was characterised monetary measure their capacity attain things significant worth, rather than their capacity inflict suffering. money, then, made human settlements less vulnerable bloodletting and chaos. the world became more civilised, saw the rise three great ancient cultural centers: mesopotamia, greece, and rome. over the course history, currency has been issued those power, they rulers democratically elected governments. can see the stamps authority those rulers power the currency itself. the connection between unit account and power runs deep, and the people know it. just take look the bill your wallet right now the coin your pocket. even today, the stamp there consistently remind us. highlight example: the gold and silver alloy coins thought the first minted currency --- from the kingdom lydia what now western turkey --- notably bore lion's head insignia. this makes king alyattes, presumed the sovereign behind these coins, likely the original author millennia-long association between artwork and currency, practice that has lent these otherwise impractical inanimate objects great power, significance and perceived value. currency minted without artistic finesse. this gesture helps differentiate the intrinsic value each currency carries, yet they always retain the symbolism power. across the world, dynasties, monarchs and governments have used similar artistic imagery stamps coinage. apart from presenting the coin with authenticity, also see this royal branding, advertisement their power their respective time. so, are units account and power inseparable? there was one specific benefit that materialised from the sovereign's capacity issue money: the creation seigniorage, which the ability profit directly from the issuance currency. the modern era, seigniorage exists because the interest free loan that government obtains printing unit account comparatively worthless pieces paper. when currencies were associated with particular weights precious metals, monarchs exploited this power. bank credit effectively became money, since was deemed backed the sovereign. banks now lend their good names borrower guarantors, and with these instruments became tradable, bond market the rise. this new definition money has triumphed... until now. bond markets were indeed financial leap which expanded liquidity the economy. however, the system not without risk. even though entrepreneurship prospects were created, also gave rise what now refer 'systemic risk'. this means that there are losses one institution, other institutions could undermined and weakened well all who are networked the financial system. this ripple effect would leave the system vulnerable; therefore, society's trust this system inevitably weakens. the ever-growing link credit relationships meant that businessmen could back their investments. but not every business made unit account and not every businessman was good for his debts. after the financial system became interconnected, debt defaults and bankruptcies began create 'domino effect' addition the inherent risk debt and credit lending. lender began worry that large debtor might not meet its payments, that lender might withhold funds from other borrowers, who would then face financing troubles, cultivating bigger concerns. thus, flimsy public trust could break down. when trust gone, credit could suddenly dry up, leaving perfectly good debtors unable make good their loans, which would turn make their creditors' finances shaky, further depleting the public pool trust. this how the financial crises the modern era were made. unit account had been liberated, but had also become more dangerous. where does all this leave today's financial systems? due financial instability, debates how control unit account and how define money itself are common and heated. one side the ring have the believers gold. the great english philosopher john locke declared that the gold standard was adopted the late-seventeenth century. people felt was necessary connect their unit account more tangible object effort avoid the public's unit account from being obliterated the governments and their banking counterparts. this gave rise economic boom with little inflation, and protected the savings the wealthy. other words, was not success for all, the poor suffered. monetary constraints and elevated value the gold triggered many things. people hoarded their money, which caused credit shut down. ultimately, bankruptcies and unemployment ensued. see financial systems come and go, crisis after crisis. with this, new concepts emerged. out adversity, humanity always triumphs finding more competent financial system. this new concept focused not how constrain the ability government issue currency, but how manage banks their unique role creators private, credit-fuelled money. after world war ii, governments again professed longing for firm monetary anchor and, particular, central pole stability for distressed international economy. memories that period, where inflation drastically eroded the value the money people's pockets and then forced them into painful economic contraction, are still strong among certain generation that they feed the appeal scarce, independent "currencies" such gold and, shall see, cryptocurrency. this history lesson money begs simple challenge: how design system that most effectively facilitates the exchange goods and services and generates prosperity while preventing the institutions that manage that system from abusing the trust that comes with their responsibility financial stewards. "deuscoin represents viable solution this challenge" appreciation the phrase above, the first step for deuscoin accepted widely viable unit account, and become trusted means expanding exchange and prosperity. one familiar benchmark says that for currency become viable must function medium exchange, unit account, and store value. for example, dollars can used buy almost anything worldwide. they are also used measure the value pretty much anything. fact, many believe that their savings will protected over time they are denominated dollars. crypto-currency now used medium exchange various people for many transactions, but few use unit account. seller that accepts crypto-currency invariably list their products' prices the national currency the country which they are based. for store value, the speculators who've bought crypto-currency the hope future gains certainly believe has this feature, but for most people its volatility precludes it. crypto-currency price dollars soared percent the first eleven months but then lost two-thirds its value the following six months. who would put their life savings that kind market experiment? "deuscoin offers remarkable capacity facilitate low-cost, near-instant transfers value anywhere the world. deuscoin's early adopters have employed strategies based lessons learned from the history money." first, the early adopters deuscoin faced challenge, which was build bigger community around crypto-currency. started out with little two members, steadily growing. with motivation fueled the desire for progress, the expansion deuscoin represents new opportunity transform how buy, sell, and store value. deuscoin core technology the problem with proof-of-work based blockchains bitcoin relies mining (proof-of-work) secure its network and validate transactions. users who mine are rewarded with bitcoin, thus providing them with incentive secure the network giving reward for each block mined. but this system not without catch. because the reward for mining decreases and the price electricity increases over time, "computational arms race" has begun, which companies worldwide compete, building more powerful hardware, order gain advantage over others and increase the chances receiving block rewards. after the last bitcoin created miners will longer receive any block rewards. bitcoin will become more and more scarce the years following. meanwhile, miners could sell huge amounts bitcoin with relatively low fees since they control the network, while demanding higher fees for transactions from the public. this sounds familiar, it's because this the same system being used today corporations, and their executives who receive huge salaries and pay very small percentage taxes relative the average working family. bitcoin mining simply not for everyone. typically, only those who can afford risk huge amounts capital are the mining process, and control the bitcoin network their hands. despite number problems, innovation has turned crypto-currency into decentralised network which anyone can participate. 'altcoins' are group coins that build concepts introduced scientists and engineers, including the infamous satoshi nakomoto. these alternatives bitcoin solve number problems, and the future looks promising. however, each these projects comes with unique set challenges, and many them have failed, been hacked, turned out scams. therefore, bitcoin still the most powerful and secure network the world today. what exactly deuscoin? deuscoin peer-to-peer, decentralised, digital crypto-currency based bitcoin. payment network without single point control issuing authority. depends cryptography and peer-to-peer networking validate balances and transactions. deuscoin uses pre-mined proof-of-work (pow) technology. bitcoin mining will completed around the year which time, all the bitcoins which will ever mined will exist bitcoin wallet. therefore this sense, bitcoin and deuscoin are very similar even though deuscoin pre-mined. why premined pow makes deuscoin superior alternative: deuscoin not bitcoin. fact, deuscoin can and should better crypto-currency. deuscoin was designed developers deus and skilled software architects. deuscoin uses premined pow solely way distribute coins more fairly, and more competitively opposed initial public offering (ipo) initial coin offering (ico), while employing the tested and proven network security bitcoin. pre-mine exists when community allocates certain amount currency credit particular address before releasing the source code the open community. this often done based the reasoning that they need pay for certain features such listing exchanges and development core features such block explorers. order maintain the security the network, miners must still exist, even premined pow cryptocurrency such deuscoin. instead block reward, miners receive only transaction fees for blocks that are mined their systems. after when the last bitcoin mined, deuscoin and bitcoin will different terms mining. mining premined cryptocurrency such deuscoin allows people secure the network the same way bitcoin's network secured, but maintaining centralized control coin supply, instead allowing miners control the coin supply, which has led the "digital arms race" and high transaction fees that currently plague the bitcoin network. premining and centralized control supply coins circulation, while still maintaining maximum total supply, energy efficient solution; the entire network can sustained low-powered hardware, and there little incentive add more mining power the network. equal and fair participation important because allows deuscoin remain decentralised possible, without turning over control handful powerful mining corporations. deuscoin not only for the privileged. there need buy specialized hardware spend exorbitant amounts mine deuscoin. attacking the deuscoin network theory difficult attacking the bitcoin network, and successful attack supposed far less damaging, the number coins circulation can increased counter-act attack. practice, attempting buy enough deuscoin gain control the network would drive the price exorbitant levels, making counterproductive for attackers. thus, the network secure. another major benefit premined pow system that the owners the network assets (deuscoin holders) are also the ones who control the network. this contrast cryptocurrency where there disassociation between those who control the network (miners) and those who own its assets (crypto-currency holders). deuscoin transparent and keeps these interests aligned. the main strengths deuscoin are sustainability, increased security (particularly against the attack"), and its economic properties, which allow function long-term store value, "backbone" currency. deuscoin core features and specifications deuscoin proof work pre-mined crypto currency based bitcoin core technology. since the technical specifications bitcoin core are well-known and available the internet, they are not discussed herein. however, basic explanation given. deuscoin supply the total supply deuscoin million coins (plus divisible eight decimal places. all coins were issued immediately after the creation the genesis block (the first block the deuscoin blockchain), leaving the genesis account with initial balance million deuscoin. network nodes node the deuscoin network any device that contributing transaction block data the network. any device running the deuscoin software seen node. this does not include mobile phones who are running only wallet and not the deuscoin-core software. nodes can subdivided into two types: hallmarked and normal. hallmarked node simply node that tagged with encrypted token derived from account's private key; this token can decoded reveal specific deuscoin account address and balance that are associated with node. the act placing hallmark node adds level accountability and trust, hallmarked nodes are more trusted than non-hallmarked nodes the network. the larger the balance account tied hallmarked node, the more trust given that node. while attacker might wish hallmark node order gain trust worthiness within the network and then use that trust for malicious purposes, the barrier entry (cost deuscoin required build adequate trust) discourages such abuse. each node the deuscoin network has the ability process and broadcast both transactions and block information. blocks are validated they are received from other nodes, and cases where block validation fails, nodes may "blacklisted" temporarily prevent the propagation invalid block data. each node features built-in ddos (distributed denial services) defence mechanisms which rate-limit the number network requests from any peer. blocks other crypto-currency, the ledger deuscoin transactions built and stored linked series blocks, known blockchain. this ledger provides permanent record transactions that have taken place, and also establishes the order which transactions have occurred. copy the blockchain kept every node the deuscoin network, and every account that unlocked node (by supplying that account's private key) has the ability generate blocks, long least one incoming transaction the account has been confirmed. all blocks contain the following parameters: block version, block height value, and block identifier block timestamp, expressed seconds since the genesis block the and hash the previous block the number transactions stored the block the total amount deuscoin represented transactions and fees the block transaction data for all transactions included the block. the payload length the block, and the hash value the block payload the block's generation signature signature for the entire block the base target value and cumulative difficulty for the block agile architecture the earliest crypto-currencies were mainly architected payment systems. deuscoin recognises that decentralised blockchains can enable broad range applications and services, but not what those services should how they should built. design, deuscoin excludes any unnecessary complexity its core. only the most successful components its predecessors remain intact. result, deuscoin functions like low-level, foundational protocol: defines the interfaces and operations required operate lightweight blockchain, decentralised communication system, and rapid transaction processing framework, allowing higher-order components build those features. the core deuscoin software does not support any form scripting language. providing set basic, flexible transaction types that can quickly and easily processed, deuscoin creates foundation that does not limit the ways which those transaction types can used, and does not create significant overhead for using them. this flexibility further amplified deuscoin low resource and energy requirements, and its highly readable, highly organised object-oriented source code. basic payments any crypto-currency, the most basic feature the ability transmit tokens from one account another. this deuscoin's most fundamental transaction type, and allows for basic payment functionality. multisignature payments deuscoin's simplest smart contract allows multiple parties 'sign' and approve payments simple, configurable consensus-driven voting system. for example, out users sign transaction, then will sent automatically. more than rejects the contract, the money freed spent elsewhere. any number parties can included such payment, for example, out could required sign transaction, out signers.