devery.io: open-source protocol for verification services the ethereum network. andrew rasheed, antoine najjarin, chironjit das november, abstract devery.io developing the devery protocol, decentralized verification platform that enables marking and tracking over the ethereum network. the protocol allows manufacturers, brands, retailers and any other party assign unique signatures any products, services digital goods sold, issued and traded online. the unique signatures are stored the ethereum network and can queried determine contextual data (including location, date, manufacturer/point-of-origin and the identification the verifying party). verification not limited the sale physical goods and services, and can extended verifying the authenticity and legitimacy any digital goods and services (such certificates and courses). the protocol the base layer the devery ecosystem. can used build application level verification services and can integrated with any existing e-commerce stores, applications services. this fosters competitive market third-party verification services for specialty commercial markets, such the clothing and apparel industry, technology, food markets, raw materials, education and other digitally sold goods and services. operational token, the entry verification engine (eve), the engine that powers the protocol. the eve token required generate unique signatures and contextual data the protocol. any application that builds top the devery protocol requires the user spend eve tokens, which are received the owner the application fee for their verification services. contents background market players the seller the purchaser the mediator devery protocol and ecosystem decentralized protocol layer devery toolset decentralized application layer entry verification engine (eve) use cases online product verification digital signing physical signing roadmap token sale team background according joint report the organization for economic co-operation and development (oecd) and intellectual property office (euipo), imports counterfeit and pirated goods amount approximately half trillion dollars year around global imports[]. figure data provided the oecd. these figures are steadily increasing each year, with the united states and europe a|ected the most its impacts. the oecd deputy secretary-general, doug frantz, states: "the findings this new report contradict the image that counterfeiters only hurt big companies and luxury goods manufacturers. they take advantage our trust trademarks and brand names undermine economies and endanger lives"[] counterfeit products that have been seized range from luxury goods (such handbags, perfumes and watches) fake products that have the capacity endanger lives toys that harm children, pharmaceuticals that not treat the recipient, baby formula that contains dangerous ingredients, auto parts that fail and medical instruments that provide inaccurate data. there are two primary causes for the growth the counterfeit market: difficult track products that moves through complex trade routes where free trade zones exist there weak governance; and ii. counterfeit products are designed mislead and deceive, and result consumers are unable distinguish between real and fake products. market players there are three key players that are a|ected counterfeit goods and this paper will explore the impacts each. the seller the seller (which may the supplier, retailer otherwise) profit-making entity and relies upon the quality the produce sold and the reliability the brand name developed. the oecd states: "the essential component that the commercial supply counterfeit products relies 'free riding' the economic value associated with given intellectual property right"[] counterfeits abuse the brand name and intellectual property other sellers, which hurts the overall reputation and profitability business. further, the damage consumer confidence a|ects the potential customer base any business a|ected the counterfeit products. the purchaser the purchaser deceived into purchasing fake products that not serve the expected purpose and/or may contain harmful side-e|ects. the consumer confidence the online retail space damaged due the inability inspect and di|erentiate legitimate and fake products. the element trust significant factor when purchasing goods and routinely exploited. the mediator the mediator often takes the form law enforcement seeking seize and prevent counterfeit goods. the mediator faced with exceedingly high costs tracking and investigating the movement, procurement and sale counterfeit products. devery protocol and ecosystem the underlying devery protocol will enable developers easily create verification applications without thorough understanding the blockchain. the devery protocol will abstract the complexities interacting with smart contracts deploying pre-developed smart contracts for improved developer experience. the end result ecosystem verification applications that communicate and interact with each other through the devery protocol. decentralized protocol layer the protocol layer consists main data structures that interact via the ethereum mapping method within the deveryregistry.sol and the deverytrust.sol contracts. deveryregistry.sol the application layer specifies address register the application's unique identifier the protocol alongside the application's name and fee account. this allows the application collect fees from users third party verification applications built the protocol. struct app address appaccount; string appname; address feeaccount; bool active; brands input their public key address specify their corresponding brand name, and this stored alongside the appaccount which will thereby used store the brand information and the products verified. struct brand address brandaccount; address appaccount; string brandname; bool active; products store the associated brand account well product information. struct product address productaccount; address brandaccount; string description; string details; uint year; string origin; bool active; this information then hashed via the addresshash(address item) function and marked with the corresponding product public address, which uses the hashed address reference for lookup. this the individual identifier for each product stored the blockchain, and allows lookup via the check(address item) method. deverytrust.sol the devery trust contract allows ethereum addresses 'vouch' for other addresses. this allows third parties become trusted intermediaries. ethereum addresses can revoke and apply vouches for brand and application keys via the approve(address brandkey) and revoke(address brandkey) public methods. figure visual representation data structures. the protocol smart contracts can found at: https://github.com/devery/devery_contracts devery toolset open source frameworks will provided developers ensure the developer experience user friendly. developers can opt use utilize these frameworks within their commercial verification applications reduce the need interact directly with the smart contracts. devery.js devery.js provides npm packaged javascript framework that built top web.js and the protocol layer create abstracted, developer-friendly tool build the devery protocol. using this layer, developers can opt interact with the blockchain through javascript and build commercial verification applications without the need interact directly with the protocol's smart contracts. devery keygenerator have also provided simple key generation tool allow developers generate public key addresses and associated codes for input into their applications. the repository can found at: https://github.com/devery/devery_keygenerator decentralized application layer applications will build top the protocol form the decentralized application layer. this will enable commercial applications build and charge for services whilst using the devery protocol. for example, bevery may choose use the devery protocol verify individual beverages the blockchain. using the devery protocol, developers will interact via the devery.js framework choose directly develop via the smart contracts deployed the blockchain. entry verification engine (eve) eve used fuel the verification process. applications will recieve eve token payment for hosting verification applications the devery protocol. consumers using these applications will require eve mark the blockchain, this eve then transferred the application host payment for hosting the applications via the protocol. 'bokky's token teleportation service' (btts), allows users send eve tokens without required ethereum gas cost. users can send message third-party services process their transactions and pay the gas cost their behalf. return, the user pays the service provider percentage eve tokens. this provides practical means using the devery protocol without requiring retailers and others users hold eve and ethereum. the repository can found at: https://github.com/bokkypoobah/ bokkypoobahstokenteleportationservicesmartcontract use cases this paper will describe few example use cases the devery protocol. this not exhaustive list. online product verification the devery protocol enables e-commerce retailers verify the authenticity any products services they sell online. retailers can assign unique signatures each product sold online with third-party verification application built top the protocol. the retailer can then display unique one-time-use hashes generated from this any potential customers that wish verify the authenticity product. consumers then log onto the application and input the code marked the product order identify its authenticity. well this, origins and manufacturing can disclosed dependent the brand's preference. example what this may look like illustrated the diagram below: digital signing the devery protocol can used verify that digital goods and services are issued from legitimate source. example would digital certificates from online courses, colleges universities. certificate can assigned unique signature that can verified via application built top the devery protocol. the recipient the certificate and any potential employer that wants check its legitimacy can verify the certificate through this application. further, details regarding the recipient?s results, behavior other academic details can stored the chain. physical signing nfc and rfid chips, well barcodes and codes are compatible with the devery protocol. unique signatures generated from the protocol can stored into physical marker and attached product. the product moves across the supply chain, each party that handles the product can verify its source via application the devery protocol and update details (such the location through which the product moves, timing and other conditions). the consumer can scan the hardware device verify the movement the product along the supply chain. roadmap :complete release devery protocol alpha first iteration the devery protocol will released. token sale commences token sale will conducted. onboard partners trial software with prexisting and new partnerships. release the devery protocol. version the protocol slated released this date. assist with the development verification applications for specific markets. token sale will selling eve tokens (out total ,,). the pre-sale commences the december and will require ethereum minimum contribution. the presale provides bonus. the crowd-sale will commence the january and will end either when the cap reached february all tokens will distributed week after the conclusion the sale. any unsold tokens will burned. the token sale excludes the united states america, china, canada, australia and new zealand. acceptance terms sale, kyc and geoblocking are implemented. references michal kazimierczak and piotr stryszowski trade counterfeit and pirated goods mapping the economic impact doug frantz oecd integrity forum https://www.oecd.org/cleangovbiz/oecdintegrity-week.htm