abstract dfantasy the decentralized fantasy sports platform which offers wide variety sports popular across the globe. dfantasy democratize fantasy sports platform eradicating the existing problems conventional platforms like centralization, monopoly, lengthy verification and slow withdrawal funds. fantasy sports market ever growing and has reached about million users. the dominant number users are from north america. the wide range sports popular various parts the world can included the platform and the global accessibility fan tokens contribute huge increment number fantasy players. basically, dfantasy community-driven platform where fantasy leagues are created and played the users and the benefits are eventually returned them. table content abstract introduction about fantasy sports dfantasy market soccer market cricket market cryptocurrency market problems existing platform accessibility high commission rate lengthy verification process slow transaction funds unfair competition solution anonymity accessibility faster transactions low rakes(commission) fair competition efficient pricing limiting entry private leagues product detail private league public league league types daily fantasy sport weekly season long fantasy sports types draft fantasy salary-capped fantasy odd fantasy sports included soccer american football cricket fan token participation create league playing dfantasy platform from user perspective technology product roadmap token sales pre-sale token distribution budget allocation token allocation team introduction about fantasy sports fantasy sports type online game where participants assemble virtual teams professional players particular sport. such teams then compete based their actual statistical performances the actual games being played them. based this performance the chosen players the fantasy team, the points for the team are compiled and totaled. the point system for fantasy leagues are calculated league commissioner, may also calculated tracking actual results the professional sport. thus, fantasy sports allow its players involve themselves much more directly during the entire duration the league. the medium allows individuals exercise direct control over the operations their fantasy sports team. they also provide the individual with the chance live vicariously general managers, franchise owners, coaches their own team teams structuring and drafting the team. they also have the liberty structure the team manner where they can start and organize rosters athletes playing for them. addition, playing fantasy sports creates competitive experience among friends and fellow fantasy sports enthusiasts. the medium also enables sharing knowledge and expertise. these games also provide platform for endusers interact with their friends and colleagues while engaging their favorite leisure activity. dfantasy conventional fantasy sports are centralized and heavily monopolistic. fanduel and draftkings are the two big companies owning over dfs market. high commission rates, lengthy verification process, unfair competition and slow withdrawal money are other major problems conventional fantasy sports. over billion people across the globe follow some kind sports. fantasy sports users, however, have increased million and canada our team, being team crypto and sports enthusiasts, believes that there huge pool market uncashed due the lack accessibility. our team knows that users not have access fantasy sports due the lack weak payment infrastructure these parts the world belong here. the existing fantasy sports platforms hugely focus american football and basketball which are not very popular other parts the world. want build platform which provides wide variety fantasy sports which accessible every users. dfantasy decentralized, blockchain-based fantasy sports platform. built top ethereum technology. want use blockchain the fantasy sports make the platform inexpensive, fast and highly accessible. users all over the globe can enjoy the wide variety sports anonymously. market fantasy sports ever growing market. about million users play fantasy sports usa and canada alone the growth rate compared when the number was million. these users use mobile play fantasy sports. the users fantasy sports are increasing per day. the average expense per user has grown from fantasy sports users are from north america and expenses are from north american users. the market size(entry fees) fantasy sports was billion which estimated reach billion the estimation based the expectation making the platform accessible uk, australia and latin america. the market size can increase further with the increase accessibility. no. users million soccer market soccer the most popular sport played almost every parts the world. about billion people follow the sport worldwide rank sports. estimated that there are million fantasy soccer players alone. out these players, play traditional season long fantasy while remaining play daily fantasy(dfs). each these users spends average dfs. [european fantasy market]. online gambling industry market worth billion. fantasy sports can better opportunity for online bettors wager and win money. the market size european football about million the revenue uefa has reached about million cricket market billion people follow cricket, most them are from commonwealth nations. fantasy cricket recently being introduced cricket loving nations like india and australia. gaining huge popularity recently. fantasy cricket legalized supreme court india. sports followers million soccer cricket hockey basketball baseball rugby cryptocurrency market the total market cap cryptocurrencies about billion with bitcoin dominance nearly the market cap cryptocurrencies has increased about from further adoption these coins meaningful projects will help make the market larger. market cap billion jan feb mar apr may june july aug sep oct problems existing platform online fantasy sports industry immature and thriving grow its market. there are various shortcomings like high rates commission, lack variety sports, lengthy verification process and on. accessibility fantasy sports users are from north america and expenses are made these users. there are many sports followers apart from these parts the world who are not reached these platforms. the major fantasy sports platforms hugely focus their marketing campaigns north america and they have leagues only for sports popular those parts. one the reasons believe for this sort targeting should the lack efficient payment system many countries the world. debit card others credit card prepay ewallet bank transfer cash deliver high commission rate existing major fantasy sports platforms charge around commission which very high rate. smaller the pool size, more the charge is. this really affects the majority fantasy players and beneficial for the large players. the major essence fantasy sports disturbed this structure commission the smaller players are discouraged due the higher rate charges smaller pools. site pool buy-in entrants total winning rake(%) sum fanduel small fanduel medium fanduel large draftkings small draftkings medium draftkings large table: head head rakes site pool fanduel small fanduel medium fanduel buy-in entrants total winning sum rake(%) large draftkings small draftkings medium draftkings large table: prize pool rakes lengthy verification process verification process existing fantasy platforms are lengthy and complicated. users need various government issued documents make themselves eligible play fantasy sports. the whole process can get tedious, troublesome, lengthy and complicated. slow transaction funds the amount which rightfully yours you have won with your skills and investments can get stuck due various technical and legal obstructions. existing platforms can take from week several weeks withdraw your fund electronically check. the companies can even deny your fund they have 'right refuse your withdrawal and close your account'.unfair competitions unfair competition large players fantasy sports can use scripts and algorithms create many possible combinations line ups which increases the probability them winning the league nearly existing platforms allow users participate any number teams one particular user join the league which provides the larger players the opportunity outplay the smaller players with their huge investments and infrastructures. solution there are various problems and shortcomings the existing fantasy platforms overcome which want develop decentralized fantasy platform which inexpensive, fast and fun. the features which help overcome the shortcomings existing platforms are discussed follows. anonymity all users need participate the contests our platform are wallet address and fan tokens. public address the only thing that represents user the blockchain. this prevents the lengthy verification process which are must the existing fiat-based fantasy platforms. accessibility discussed above, the only things required enter contest dfantasy platform are wallet address and fan tokens. the geographical locations and the lack credit card information not prohibit users from participating their favorite fantasy sport leagues. faster transactions user wins contest, their fund instantly gets transferred their wallet address. the transaction time long takes for the miners mine the transaction which usually couple minutes. low rakes(commission) our dfantasy platform, leagues are created users and certain(very small)percentage the winning amount transferred the league creator for contributing the platform creating leagues. development team will get very small percentage the winning amount. overall, the overall percentage commission will not exceed -%. fair competition make the platform for all players with varying skill sets and varying budgets, are discussing various potential solutions. efficient pricing are putting our efforts building algorithm efficiently calculate the salary players based their opponents well. obviously, the metrics like their earlier performances will taken into consideration. are also discussing pricing the players the 'wisdom crowd' approach. limiting entry skilled players joining almost every contests the platform make the league uninteresting and unfair. for this purpose, will limiting the players join only certain number contests per day. will also only allow certain number teams enter particular contest for user prevent user from running unnatural tricks create the line ups. private leagues private leagues can created which will not visible for public. the unique code join the league can shared friends, colleagues, relatives whoever the league creator want play the league with. product detail dfanatasy platform, users holding threshold number fan tokens are allowed create leagues. once the league completed and the winners are decided, the league creator will get certain percentage fan tokens reward for creating the league and helping the platform. user creates the league, user plays and users earn the tokens. like call this process the democratization fantasy sports. league creator can create private and public leagues. private league private leagues are not visible any user the platform. the league creator can invite her friends sharing unique code join the league. public league public leagues ,in contrast private league, can viewed and joined anyone paying the entry fees. league types daily, weekly and season long will the three types leagues provided dfantasy platform providing league creator with options how long she wants the league run. daily fantasy sport daily fantasy sport(dfs) played picking the players participating sport event taking place that day. the winner decided statistically calculating the points the user according the performance the players she picked before the match. weekly users pick players participating that particular gameweek. other protocols are similar dfs. season long season long fantasy are considered traditional fantasy sports. these fantasy sports run throughout the season and winners are decided the end the season. fantasy sports types the basis how players are picked and how the league runs, draft fantasy and capped fantasy are two widely popular types fantasy sports. technically, draft and capped are algorithms which are used conduct the league. are going introduce the third type algorithm odd fantasy. draft fantasy there are two types draft: snake and auction draft. basically snake draft algorithm allows participants pick players turn. once all the participants complete picking their players choice, called round. the next round, players turns are reversed provide every participants equal chance picking their favorite players. the rounds continue and turns are reversed until all the participants have salary-capped fantasy every participants are provided with equal budget and players are priced with salary. participants can pick any players and build their squad but not exceed the budget. participants may have same players their squad but draft, players not repeat different squads odd fantasy odd fantasy our organic concept. many aspects similar the salary capped fantasy except there cap fixed. the more expensive one builds her squad, more the entry fees will be. the squad inexpensive, the entry fees will lower accordingly. the total sum all entry fees will the winning amount. the participant with inexpensive squad will have better odds but less chance win and the one with expensive squad will have less odds but better chance win. sports included dfantasy the platform where fan tokens can used play the fantasy sports. dfantasy flexible platform and new sports can added efficiently into the platform. soccer various leagues soccer are played most the countries the world. premiere league the most widely followed league and competitive league well. the initial phase dfantasy platform, will include premiere league the first league that many users can reached. plan including other leagues like liga (spain), serie a(italy), bundesliga(germany), ligue (france). will also add other leagues like major soccer league (usa), campeonato brasileiro serie (brazil) and other major leagues played across the world. will also try and add major asian leagues. major world events soccer like fifa world cup, fifa confederation cup, uefa euro cup, copa america will also added. american football american football the most popular fantasy sports. will have national football league nfl (usa) and canadian football league cfl (canada) our platform. cricket cricket has very genuine and passionate followers across the commonwealth nations. the sport expanding its followers other parts the world like america both north and south. cricket leagues are not very long and usually international cricket are more popular and followed. leagues are recently gaining more popularity countries like india, australia, england, bangladesh and west indies. dfantasy platform, will include leagues like ipl (indian premiere league, india), big bash league (bbl, australia), natwest blast (england cricket board), caribbean cricket league (ccl, west indies cricket board now the windies) and bangladesh premiere league (bpl, bangladesh). world events organized icc like icc world cup (odi and and icc champions trophy will added the platform. other team sports like basketball, baseball and hockey will continuously added the platform and user grow. fan token fan tokens are the only tokens which are used participate the fantasy sports available the dfanstasy platform. fan tokens are paid enter into the contests available dfantasy platform and the winning amount are rewarded fan tokens. least fan tokens are required hold user create league. the league creator awarded with fan tokens reward for creating the contest. fan tokens have various usabilities which are participation discussed above, fan tokens are the only tokens used participate the fantasy sports available our platform. create league the users who hold least tokens the time have the opportunity create the league and earn winning fan tokens reward. fan tokens can acquired joining the pre- ico and phases icos.those who miss the icos can later acquire the fan tokens from various exchanges with btc, eth and other coins. playing dfantasy platform from user perspective users not need create account access the dfantasy platform the platform guarantees the anonymity user. the user once gets the platform can search various public leagues available for their favorite sport. the user does not find the appropriate league for her join, she can create her own league(if she has least tokens). join the league, however, user must deposit the fan tokens entry fees. deposit those tokens, user should make the signed transaction i.e user must sign with her private key keystore file and password. not save access these information any further after making the deposit.once the league joined, user can participate various activities the league proceeds depending the type league. winners will declared and the fan tokens won will immediately transferred the public wallet address the winning user. the league creator will awarded with winning fan tokens after the league completed. technology the moment are looking for off chain stack (erlang, go) etc for backend system (nodes) extract player points and run algorithm. are expecting the system high performant fault tolerance realtime distributed are developing dfantasy platform high load system. fantasy sport huge market and pick hours traffic can very high. for this need system highly concurrent, distributed and high performance. erlang well known for handling these issues. the next phase will using ethereum blockchain and solidity framework for handling transaction, calculating results, and allocating token for league owners through dapps. product roadmap december, pre-sale start january, alpha launch premier league launch january, march, march, april, may, ico phase beta launch laliga and other soccer leagues match ico phase cricket leagues launch ipl big bash version first version launch listing major exchanges platform nfl launch fifa world cup launch other leagues launch nba launch mlb launch token sales pre-sale start end: accepted: eth,btc,ltc,bch,etc fantasy tokan sale cap: fan minimum goal start: fan total exchange rate: eth fan limit per person: unlimited minimum transaction: eth fan (fluctuating btc) bonuses(fluctuating btc) eth: eth: eth: additional bonuses day day +%. day +%. day note: total bonus will the sum bonus additional bonus token distribution budget allocation ico campaign development marketing legal infrastructure token allocation pre sale ico teams advisors investor team piyush thapa co-founder graduated from pokhara univerity, algorithm analysis software engineer. for more than years has been engaged launching, development, and investing into internet projects including bigdata, technology blockchain. has also contributed several open source project including ipfs web (meteorjs ui) cale gibson co-founder cale exception businessman and connector. he's always very insightful and also gives motivational talk for specific business opportunities. also founded thinktank labs which does several research blockchain and other bigdata technology. praneeth yashaswi ui/ux praneeth expert user experience designer and full-stack developer. believes that successful ideas only flourish when they care about their user/customers. average user changing and they need more than just service, app website; they look for experience. worked closely with many designers challenging projects across the silicon beach (los angeles). founded cubicalreach clearcut design studio with aim bring design and design thinking standards india with the same quality standards the even more praneeth yashaswi blockchain r&d able provide leadership and strategic direction support servicefocused and cost effective activities related sourcing, contracting, and acquisition emoney, mobile services, and alternative finance. building connections with local players enabling stronger deeper distribution networks and fast tracking onboarding activation. ishmalik editor chief icocroud. ceo and founder blockchainlab andrew sellars advisor andrew ceo and co-founder digital media. digital media company specializing innovative product development well egaming consulting services focused operational challenges and process, strategic partnerships, relationship management, business analysis and project management matthew heltay advisor former managing director western canada for boutique corporate finance firm called warrior energy capital. currently operates specialized consulting firm and senior partner and cio. passionate about deal flow was one the earliest adopters blockchain, bitcoin, and fintech. has worked intimately with start-ups fortune extremely well versed real estate was research, and analyst for cbre the time the world's largest commercial real estate firm and worked directly with the investment team. early investor medical marijuana and agtech industry and involved all facets the industry domestically and internationally. trevor doerksen advisor mr. trevor doerksen, also known lee, has been chief executive officer, president and executive director e-play digital inc. since november mr. doerksen founded mobovivo inc., and serves its chief executive officer. mr. doerksen has been the intersection media and technology for years. has investigated and developed large-scale implementations streaming video and internet for government and industry. his graduate research into flexible e-content and content repurposing has lead multi-million dollar research project, chapter the "handbook information technologies for education and training", and the founding mobovivo. produced one the first snowboarding films and was the executive producer the science television series, sciq: science revealed. serves director mobovivo inc. mr. doerksen was named one the top thinkers social and second screen. received digital alberta's entrepreneur the year, was named one alberta's most influential people and was featured new york time business article trevor doerksen advisor mr. krasic has spent several years investment banker toronto. this capacity, began his career with thomas weisel partners canada inc. and later joined stifel nicolaus canada inc. mr. krasic has experience finance structuring, providing valuations, fairness opinions, exchange listings and various merger and acquisition transactions. his experience has enabled him establish ceo terrella capital. holds and honours degree from the university toronto finance and economics, and masters degree investment management with specialization capital markets from concordia university. mr. krasic joined beleave four years ago the capacity cfo and has helped develop various partnerships including legal, financial, and business development spectrums. was instrumental assisting beleave raising capital and has played integral role developing beleave's security and recording keeping protocols. mr. krasic also director and ceo golden bay media inc., company focused online skilled based game development