diamond network white paper cdiamondcoin team table contents table contents disclaimer abbreviations executive summary team description main team external experts and services introduction the markets crypto currency market diamond market competitor analysis dpt token description platform business model description service description digital diamond data base description gemstone origin verification service descriptio cdc description marketplace description key benefit roadmap technical progress fund distribution return investment contact table contents disclaimer please read the entirety this section carefully! this paper strategic whitepaper and its purpose present the project cdiamondcoin ltd for token holders and platform users connection with the proposed token launch. the information set forth below may not exhaustive, the products and innovative technologies described this document are still under development and are yet incorporated. further, you acknowledge that circumstances may change and that this whitepaper may become outdated result; and the can update the changes occur, but under obligation update correct this document connection therewith. this document does not imply any elements contractual relationship. its sole purpose provide relevant and reasonable information potential token holders order for them determine whether undertake thorough analysis with the intent acquiring tokens. nothing this whitepaper shall deemed constitute prospectus any sort solicitation for investment, nor does any way pertain odeg ering solicitation odeg buy any securities any jurisdiction. nothing contained this whitepaper may relied upon promise, representation undertaking the future performance the diamond network. the agreement between the distributor and you, relation any sale and purchase dpt governed only the separate terms and conditions such agreement. accessing this whitepaper any part thereof, you represent and warrant the dn, its affiliates, and the diamond network team follows: (a) any decision purchase any dpt, you have not relied any statement set out this whitepaper; (b) you will and shall your own expense ensure compliance with all laws, regulatory requirements and restrictions applicable you (as the case may be); (c) you acknowledge, understand and agree that dpt may have value, there guarantee representation value liquidity for dpt, and dpt not for speculative investment; disclaimer (d) none the dn, its a,lia tes, and/or the diamond network team members shall responsible for liable for the value dpt, the transferability and/or liquidity dpt and/or the availability any market for dpt through third parties otherwise; and (e) you acknowledge, understand and agree that you are not eligible purchase any dpt you are citizen, national, resident (tax otherwise), domiciliary and/or green card holder geographic area country: where likely that the sale dpt would construed the sale security (howsoever named) investment product and/or which access participation the dpt token sale the diamond network prohibited applicable law, decree, regulation, treaty, administrative act, and/or (including without limitation the united states america, canada, new zealand, people's republic china, and the republic korea). prospective purchasers dpt should carefully consider and evaluate all risks and uncertainties (including financial and legal ris and uncertainties) associated with the dpt token sale, the dn, the distributor and the diamond network team. the information set out this whitepaper for community discussion only and not legally binding. person bound enter into any contract binding legal commitment relation the acquisition dpt, and virtual currency other form payment accepted the basis this whitepaper. the agreement for sale and purchase dpt and/or continued holding dpt shall governed separate set terms and conditions token purchase agreement (as the case may be) setting out the terms such purchase and/or continued holding dpt (the terms and conditions), which shall separately provided you made available the www.cdiamondcoin.io/ www.cdiamondcoin.com website. the event any inconsistencies between the terms and conditions and this whitepaper, the terms and conditions shall prevail. cdiamondcoin ltd reserves the right change the terms and conditions set forth this whitepaper, and the general terms and conditions published the website any time without prior notice. all contributions will applied towards the research, development, design, promotion, advocacy and licensing for new blockchain-based diamond network platform and its products. disclaimer this whitepaper may translated into language other than english and the event conflict ambiguity between the english language version and transl ted versions this whitepaper, the english language version shall prevail. you acknowledge that you have read and understood the english language version this whitepaper. part this whitepaper copied, reproduced, distributed disseminated any way without the prior written consent the dn. disclaimer abbreviations cts. carat cdc certified diamond coi dpt diamond platform token diamond network project the whole diamond network platform with all its services distributor any third party providing dpt token sell buy operations. abbreviations executive summary for almost decade now cryptocurrencies are part the world's economy, since year when bitcoin was introduced us, lot has changed. nowadays there are more than cryptocurrencies, more than markets and the market cap has reached with daily volume due the rapid development the last two years bitcoins dominance has decreased .%. bitcoin and ethereum are the two dominant cryptocurrencies, but their prices are very volatile, which good for speculations, but hinders its wide adoption long term. this where the stable coins come the game. stable coins are class cryptocurrencies that seek maintain price stability with respect value indicator. the value indicator typically the usd. one the main purposes diamond network project solve the volatility problems, using blockchain technology, order create new type cryptocurrency stable coin, where each issued coin will secured diamond carat. diamond network complex long term project served understandable and simple manner; the research showed that the concept stable coins clear most people, but only seldom understand the described technology behind the existing stable coins. you are tech geek, please follow our github and reddit accounts, contact find out more about the technical solutions. this project covers the whole diamond industry needs and services, digitalizing them step step. the project will executed phases and have tokens for sale one utility token and one security token (stable coin). cdiamondcoin ltd provides platform through which services will available: diamond origin verific tion service; digital diamond database; marketplace and cdc stable coin; www.coinmarketcap.com data executive summary the utility token called dpt diamond platform token, gives access the platform and its services; dpt will also used pay the fees for the services. dpt subject ico. the standardized security token called cdc which stands for certified diamond coin equal cts diamond. cdc hybrid token: security token payment token; fulfils the ole reserve currency and stable coin. cdc considered derivative, underlies the financial market regulations and the anti-money laundering act. diamond network will release the token only after acquiring the license. also important mention that charity trust fund will established, invest the development the diamond origin countries, like south africa and india. executive summary team description this moment the diamond network team consists core team people and external experts and service providers. the core team are financial market, and diamond market professionals, the experts cover the areas blockchain technology and marketing professionals. the team grows along with the project. this section you will find short description about the team and experts. main team igors nikitins founder igors nikitins the founder the project, has degree economics, specializing the influence decentralized crypto-currency systems the world economy. professional day trader, investing crypto currency and blockchain projects. leads trainings and has his own youtube channel followed tens thousands people. https://www.linkedin.com/in/inikitins/ andrejs sulcs security manager, co-founder andrejs sulcs and data security expert, who has worked leading data security positions the bank and telecommunication sector for more than decade. https://www.linkedin.com/in/a-sulcs/ team description baiba rozenberga strategic development lead, co-founder baiba rozenberga financial analyst with more than years' experience investment project development and evaluation, working private and public sector. has certific ifrs and qualifie evaluate projects over million eur, according the regulations and standards. https://www.linkedin.com/in/baiba-rozenberga-a/ ilona saart accountant ilona financial service professional with more than years experience corporate finance, including cash flow management, tax consulting, accounting, budgeting, internal control, and audit. https://www.linkedin.com/in/ilona-s-aa/ vitalijs gaicuks backend and smart contract developer vitalijs gaicuks -is full stack devops. uses agiles software development practices. has years technical experience https://www.linkedin.com/in/vgaicuks/ dilan leeuwendaal community manager dilan leeuwendaal computer expert, who specializes social media and computer technology. microsoft certified professional who has experience managing large social media platforms and supporting end users. dilan has years experience working for the dutch ministry justice and security well for the ministry finance. https://www.linkedin.com/in/dleeuwendaal/?locale=en_us team description jurijs tomilovs project management and jurijs tomilovs business processes manager, project manager and qa. former experienced performance/stress testing engineer and system administrator. has more than years experience it. https://www.linkedin.com/in/jurijs-tomilovs-/ bogdan filonenko manager bogdan has more than years experience strategy development and organization international scale events. has completed more than projects for public figures, politicians, and corporations. external experts and services sia "trialine" ecosystem and smartcontract development sia "trialine" company based latvia, specializing project development. has years history and experienced crew. this moment they are working system architecture improvement and started development diamond network project ecosystem. https://www.linkedin.com/company/trialine/ http://trialine.lv/en/ jaya.digital (ukraine) initial blockchain and engineering strategy jaya.digital ukrainian company, well known ukrainian financial service branch and local blockchain society. jaya.digital have experience blockchain project development, ico marketing strategy implementation and technical expertise. https://www.facebook.com/jayadigital https://jaya.digital/home team description bvba tom ltd diamond experts bvba tom family-owned company with more than years experience the business jewels and diamonds, located antwerp, belgium. http://www.tomjewelry.be/en vsai "latvijas proves birojs" gemological testing and certific tion according the legislation the republic latvia, the state-owned limited liability company ""latvian assay o,ce"" vsia latvijas proves birojs) the only institution latvia carrying out testing diamonds, emeralds, sapphires and rubies, and the issue quality certific te. addition, the lao also performs testing other precious stones. www.prove.lv eugene sheeleen design corporate style eugene sheeleen talented graphic designer, with more than years' experience, including ico landing page design, the co-founder and art director dezi agency. https://dezi.eu/ https://www.linkedin.com/in/eugene-sheeleen/ https://www.behance.net/eugenesheeleen rober horvath technology expert robert horvath software developer and blockchain technology expert, who joined the expert team july, one the first developers who joined the erdao team, develop the dai stable coin. was responsible for software development dideg erent areas, languages including solidity, bash, meteor, database programming, python, node-js. makerdao currently listed the position the top cryptocurrencies market capitalization with the current capitalization https://www.linkedin.com/in/robert-horvath-b/ team description leadell pilv law office leadell pilv has more than years experience legal advice, specialising areas like banking and finance, and intelectual property, corporate and commercial law. https://leadell.ee/en/ team description introduction the markets crypto currency market has been epic year the cryptocurrency and blockchain markets, brought alltime highs and crypto kitties. the combined market capitalization went from billion january over billion year's end; icos and venture capitals hit new heights billion for icos and million for venture capitals. the prices went all time high bitcoin reaching almost for one btc and falling february ethereum had its high point january going over for eth, and falling down only two months later march. bitcoins highest daily volume (h) reached billion day december but the days when cryptocurrency market share was domi-nated bitcoin are over, bitcoin dominance fell below comparison when the bitcoin dominance was has been dramatic and taught some lessons. eth reached it's lower price december falling low usd. lot projects failed keep their promises investors. according the ernst &young study, the top ico projects surveyed, percent are now below their listing price and the projects financed, haven't delivered functioning product year." crypto currencies are extremely volatile offering high profit possibi ities with high risk e.g. also high losses. bitcoins value has increased almost year, but also lost /rd its value just days ..), and just less than two months. one diamond network purposes offer standardized stable coin which value backed cts diamond and only slightly volatile. introduction the markets diamond market diamonds value appreciated for decades and hundred-billion-dollar industry. only the mining productions yearly turnover over billion not even talking about the related businesses grading, certification, logistics, auct houses and brokerages and jewelry industry. global polished diamond demand the wholesale level was accounted for almost billion the total value the diamond jewelry market worldwide was some billion u.s. dollars showing increase approximately one billion u.s. dollars from the previous year. unfortunately, the diamond industry still known for its problems and human rights abuse. diamonds have funded brutal wars countries such angola, central african republic, the democratic republic congo, liberia, and sierra leone, resulting the death and displacement millions people. there reason they are dubbed 'blood diamonds' 'confl diamonds'. due the dideg erence social costs and natural costs the diamond price per carat, depending the country origin, can vary even from the average, but after grading almost impossible tell where from the origin not known. believe that the diamond buyers have the right know exactly what they buy the project will strive promote market transparency, reflect the true price and provide future traceability the gem. make expert level data available everyone and reveal the diamond market for buyers without previous knowledge diamond trading crypto currencies. introduction the markets competitor analysis diamonds have become popular asset class and lot new projects, related the diamond industry, have been introduced (or more actively promoted) abc platform with its swiss diamond coin, coin, glitzcoin, gidcoin, gemera, regerdiamond, cedex, everledger, and others, even technology industry giant ibm has blockchain project for global diamond jewelry market tracking, and diamond industry giant beers has blockchain project called "tracr" track its own and alrosa produced diamonds. overview profile diamond network project competitive advantage cedex abc platform wide service coverage for the diamond industry, knowledge user-friendly one the first the market, well known determined and fast work product development. token sale app user-friendly diamond pricing algorithm, although may not enough competitive market. marketing strategies active work social media and alternative event sponsorship and presence (e.g. not blockchain related), active live streams team members, direct communication with the community via telegram and other channels. one the best pitches the industry. active and marketing strategy. not advertising. have chosen strategy, let the service quality talk for itself. active social media. lot videos youtube, very low number views. several high quality articles. homepage has improved very good informative content, frequently updated very good design, decent content. being shut down while updated. basic information competitor analysis carats.io overview profile diamond network project products services cedex abc platform bb/bc market place (diamond exchange); database diamond tracking and historical information; cdc stable coin; diamond origin verification service cedex exchange allows investors easily and securely trade diamonds while enabling diamond holders effortlessly liquidate their assets. earth's resources, asset-based cryptocurrencies. have started with the development swissdiamondcoi and rescaled the project several assetbased cryptocurrencies, like rubber coin, lithium coin, gold coin, cobalt coin, etc. only one product, diamond backed-up token. project stage early development pre ico stage, mvp the process. launched exchange, cedex coin available two exchanges idex, coinbene. ico finished april with million usd collected. active development stage. private token sale via own app; looks like public ico will organized. hard evaluate actual product stage from the public information available, ico time not known, planned million usd, with soft cap million usd. carat token traded hotbit exchange. employees experts experienced east, north and central european team. compact main team, supplemented several contractors main team based israel, with several asian representatives. experienced team. highly qualified, very local swiss team. main team based israel, most experts from celsius network. relatively big team. network medium size partners, well known specific branches local european markets. partners listed, all well known and reputable, market leaders. several, but well known international business partners. several, but well-known partners. competitor analysis carats.io dpt token description diamond platform token the object ico. dpt utility token and not backed asset, neither considered derivative, and not meant exchanged dideg erent token later. the sole purpose the token confer digital access rights the diamond network platform and its services blockchain-based infrastructure. dpt gives access the digital diamond data base, origin verific tion service, cdc diamond coin and marketplace. more detailed information about the services can found the next section platform business model description. the token has investment function and does not give the right profit (no dividends are paid), also does not promise return the capital with without guaranteed return. the token will have governance function the token holders can participate decision making process related the project development via voting. the token will used fee currency cover the fees for the services. dpt accepted payment tool only the diamond network, but not the third parties, not meant payment tool, although the owners the token can change. more information about the fees can found each service description. dpt tokens will generated, the amount meant ed, but the function issuing new tokens and burn existing ones will integrated. new tokens can issued only the token holder community votes for. according this, the token will follow the erc standard for interoperability and the erc standard for token supply regulation, the token will have precision decimals. the owner's data will stored the blockchain. dpt token description pre ico price for early investors ico main sale start price planned discount from ico price, e.g. .$/dpt dpt *dpt token for the price usd was available till ... table no. token distribution token pre sale ico main sale token sale through time team advisors and partners bounties/other dpt token description dpt tokenomics! dpt tokens are generated the diamond network and available acquire. dpt available dpt tokens are being spent the token holder for the platform services. dpt spent for services received dpt are burned, reducing the circulating token amount dpt available implementing the further project phases new services are available. services added due the new services available, the platform user amount increases. user amount increase due the increase dpt users, dpt demand increases dpt vale growth dpt demand increase dpt demand increase leads dpt price/value increase dpt token description platform business model description diamond network platform (ecosystem) with four services which will running the ethereum blockchain. two tokens will issued utility token called dpt (diamond platform token described the previous section), which grants access the diamond network services and security token cdc (certified diamond coin), which standardized asset backed token. please take consideration, that the project early development stage and the total development phase will take years, each service described according the existing understanding and vision, will improved and described detail through time. domain www.cdiamondcoin.com, www.cdiamondcoin.io the project market driven and demand based. truly believe that long term success for blockchain project can achieved only via strong networking with existing diamond market players and cooperation with other blockchain projects. digital diamond database platform business model description gemstone origin verification cdc stable coin marketplace service description our goal create totally transparent diamond market that would traceable, reliable and responsible. digital diamond database description: digital diamond database the digital diamond database, will stores the information about each diamond which goes through any other service provided the diamond network. will store the data about: each diamond tested (its' test results and base line, historical data available, certific data), each cdc diamond, and each diamond listed the marketplace. service description digital diamond database characteristics the database will compatible include the same criteria lines/parameters according the data gathered the laser- parameters listed existing certificates will have search engine with several parameters; search engine will also support search existing certificate number, issued gia and others will have automatic data upload system, that will collect the data from other services (decentralized, ethereum blockchain, proof existence; not possible type manually); will cumulative, recognizing the parameters diamond which already exists the database; the diamond tested the digital (and physical) certificate will issued and stored the database; the list previous owners can displayed, data available (could possibly service extra charge); historical price chart can displayed (could possibly service extra charge); comparable prices can displayed like rapaport price, market place price similar products listed, algorithm calculated sales price which takes consideration all the factors incl. the place origin. income model/ fees usage the basic database service will free charge for the dpt token holders; in-depth data about the diamond can displayed for fee. the model will not dideg from the way most data basis work, for example, company registers information like company name, legal address, vat status can acquired free charge, but every next information category has fee, like list owners and their data, collateral register, access balance sheets etc. the fees will collected dpt tokens. after receives the token, will burned. the amount fees and the categories are not set yet! service description gemstone origin verification service description: gemstone origin verification the origin verification service closely connected the database development and will offered service for the dpt token holders. diamond network will strive collect the diamond samples from all over the world set the baseline for every mine the world, creating digital dna library the database, which will allow track back mine every diamond the world. finding the right technology and collecting the samples will take years. least one physical laboratory will established; verification service characteristics can developed legal certification center; digital (and physical) gemstone passport/certificate will issued after testing and added the database; gemstones tested can listed the marketplace; certification maximizes the value diamond jewelry using the only testing which can prove provenance; origin verified diamonds can add much value; analysis time minute. income model/ fees service description fees are collected dpts' cdc description: cdc stands for certified diamond coin. cdc stable coin hybrid token: security token payment token; fulfils the role reserve currency and stable coin; cdc standardized token: cdc cts and its value eur), the price always represents the rapaport* value plus the packaging costs, insurance costs; cdc considered derivative, underlies the financial market regulations and the anti-money laundering act. diamond network will release the token only after acquiring the license. underlying asset description and physical asset management cdc market value for the token holders will always represented diamond: weight (cts) size originality natural; clarity range vs; color range the asset cts chosen with purpose its price low usd, not volatile (not investment diamond) and easily accessible (frequently used the jewelry industry). the will hold the assets cts diamonds and investment diamonds, which value covers the issued cdc token amount. investment diamonds are bit more volatile and their value tends increase through time. will audit its assets every quarter. the market value diamonds stock has increased additional cdc tokens will generated and stored the cold wallet, the value will decrease cdc stored the cold wallet will burned additional diamonds will bought cover the cdc amount issued/generated. rapaport diamond price reports are the only reports internationally used establish the price. http://www.diamonds.net/, www.rapnet.com service description case, the diamond value stock has increased and new tokens have been generated the dn, could use the gained value and tokens several ways: underlying asset description and sell them gain funding for purposes like charity work, cover operating development costs needed; physical asset management pay out the extra tokens cdc token holders bonuses, for trust. the token holders will have the right vote and make decision about how use the extra funding gained. asset security and protocol proof existence the diamonds are packed security case produced the italian company certiline (www.certiline.com), stored automated bank vault, managed robot, which eliminates the human factor; connected the database. insured and audited least once the quarter; high level security system; protocol proof existence, which includes hash code pictures, stored the blockchain; backup original data. token management cdc tokens are generated the according the amount diamonds stored the stock the and according the market demand; cdc tokens which are generated, but still owned the dn, are stored the cold wallet; service description token usability the cdc token holders can: use the cdc reserve currency, keep their funds safe, non-volatile crypto currency small yearly fee will applied cover the storing the asset; use the cdc payment token, small transaction fee will applied; redeem cdc physical cts diamond from the any time; exchange the cdc for investment diamond the marketplace, e.g. buy investment diamonds from certified partners using cdc the token holder redeems the diamonds from the the tokens will burned, because will not covered the underlying asset anymore; asset security and protocol proof existence fees are charged dpt tokens. yearly maintenance fee (demurrage fee), for underlying asset management will applied; fee set usd and converted dpt; applied and recalculated the transaction redeem moment. yearly maintenance fee will not applied for the first two years omote the project. transfer fee redeem fee token logo service description photo the physical cts asset service description marketplace description: marketplace the marketplace will bb/bc platform, which connects buyers and sellers, catalog investment diamonds for sale. list diamond for sale: the diamond has have certificate has issued; the diamond has evaluated; the diamond will added the database for future tracking; marketplace characteristics only certified partners can list their oducts; has search engine product category, location and other relevant criteria; has two-way link the database e.g. the gem has been tested has been the database before relevant information about the gem, like it's digital pass, displayed; after the sales operation performed, the transaction information added the database keeping the record the gem. gem which already the database, new record line added (transaction amount, date, owner's data.) prices the products are listed cdc (and eth/fiat) the price the diamond determined the seller. but the buyer will have the possibility check historical prices available, compare other similar diamond prices, compare the price rapaport price and compare the sales price the price set the evaluation process. diamonds bought can either stored diamond networks bank vault delivered the buyer; service description income model/ fees service can paid dpts. the list diamonds can viewed free charge, but detailed information, like country located and owner, price comparison can viewed for small charge. diamond listing fee for the sellers the sales price. key benefits socially responsible ico registered company and financial regulator approved token generation event for dpt; avoidance regulations cdc stable coin standardized derivative and will released only after obtaining financial market authority issued license. centralized database management. secure cold wallet storage for cdcs; physical asset safe storage fully automated bank-vault managed robot. human factor; asset digital and physical traceability proof existence protocol, safe case packaging and quarterly audit; service description roadmap the founder the project igors nikitins had the first idea diamond related stable coin back year till year researched the crypto currency market and the end the year started search for local diamond market professional who would interested cooperation. october the first steps where made towards the implementation the project; the quarter the first internal white paper was written for the cdc stable coin. create the cdc lot administrative and development activities were carried out. but the quarter the project scale was redefined the diamond network platform where cdc only one the products/services available. due this cdc one the best developed products the diamond network platform now even not included the first development phase project development phases: phase: development marketplace platform and initial database; phase: cdc stable coin released; phase: set verification service, fully functional database linked all services; phase: charity trust fund opened. roadmap historical activity log for cdc diamond coin activity schedule jurisdiction search, legal advice swiss, luxemb., liechtenst. core team formation business concept development for diamond network platform technical specification for marketing communication strategy fee model development web page development (ecosystem) permission manager/dpt token/dpt exchange dev. configuration storage/diamond fingerprint tech. dev. project approval with estonian financial intelligence unit, licence acquisition incorporation cdiamondcoin ltd setting homepage, with information for closed group mvp programming for marketplace and database early investor attraction/ private token sale homepage update public token sale marketing and communication strategy activities cdc licencing cdc token/dpass/cdc exchange dev. first phase service available for dpt services roadmap first phase development roadmap milestones project start jurisdiction search business concept development nov january private token sale programming june may technical specific tion for marketing strategy approved april use case development, smartcontract updates. incorporation legal entity cdiamondcoin ltd. oct. aug. token sale with discount closed start mvp programming jan. nov. token license acquisition april roadmap cdc security token license december platform alfa version available december activity description for the first phase activity schedule jurisdiction search, legal advice swiss, luxembourg, liechtenstein core team formation business concept development for diamond network platform technical specific tion for marketing &amp; communication strategy fee model development web page development (ecosystem) permission manager/dpt token/dpt exchange dev configur tion storage/diamond fingerprint tech. project approval with estonian financial intelligence unit, license acquisition incorporation cdiamondcoin ltd setting homepage, with information for closed group database development cooperation with scs global services pilot project implementation with scs global early investor attraction/ private token sale homepage update public token sale marketing and communication strategy activities cdc token/dpass/cdc exchange dev. web marketplace dev. first phase service available for dpt services roadmap technical progress ... diamond network platform ecosystem based ethereum blockchain (dapphub tools, solidity) webjs, python, etc. the initial smart contract for dpt token was written. (to erc standard token functions have added option exchange eth dpt. basically, when eth comes contract address, dpt token, depending the rate, sent back the sender) burn options were implemented and tested marketplace draft written diamond database options were analyzed architecture draft dpt token contract was improved and issued platform ecosystem development part our ecosystem dapp with dpt user-friendly purchase option. dapp connected the blockchain, basically client using mist metamask google chrome extension can purchase dpt easily. the users who use ledger, trezor, myetherwallet.com (or other) can also purchase the tokens sending eth the contract address. detailed information provided our site. every client can view his balance his profile, adding eth address. calculator option also implemented (dpt eth) non-blockchain diamond database prototype was developed redeemers (swap) contract for the migration new versions dpt the future was developed and successfully tested secured our ecosystem with cloudfla ssl and csrf protection from xss attacks, protection against sql injection and other threats.etc well all server administration handled team professionals roadmap was developed. see the status certain date referral system development for pre ico purposes option order cdc diamond sample for dpt. redeem tests cdc ecosystem development (marketplace draft improvements) ico contract was rewritten handle min. dpt purchase amount cdc ecosystem development (cdc contract development, dpass development, marketplace development) roadmap table no. status component descriptions permission manager solidity based contract authorize roles manage cdc ecosystem actions. dpt token solidity based utility token contract. erc token standard done dpt exchange solidity based contract which provides eth-dpt exchange dpt token, configur tion storage done configur tion storage solidity based storage contract that stores cdc configurable variables fees, etc. diamond fingerprin diamond parameterization, fingerprint creation with physical device and initial price setup. physical device, permission manager under development cdc token solidity based cryptocurrency contract. diamond coin tokens (cdc) carat erc token standard under development dpass solidity based multisignature contract for diamond exchange. each diamond has his own dpass contract with purchase history, attributes like price, sale ability and etc. dpt token, cdc token, permission manager, configur tion storage under development cdc exchange solidity based contract which provide eth cdc, cdc real diamonds exchange ability cdc token, configur tion storage web marketplace python django based application that provides access all listed diamonds with purchase and selling ability web.js, python, django roadmap dependencies status under development under development under analysis under development fund distribution potential fundraise via ico million. soft cap million. fund distribution shown below: software development million; infrastructure million; legal expenses licensing million; marketing million; assets (liquidity provision) operational cost reserve fund distribution million; million; return investment assumptions correlation to/between eth, btc, dgs, mkr calculated; eth years forecast calculated; regression, exponential smoothing, volatility, dummies factor taken consideration; business model and road map taken consideration; roi calculated from discounted values. risk free discount rate optimistic and pessimistic scenarios calculated (high/ low). results initial investment usd: high high low low high high low low initial investment usd: high high low low return investment high high low low contact please not hesitate contact you have any further questions. will happy answer them diamond network: https://cdiamondcoin.com https://cdiamondcoin.io https://facebook.com/cdiamondcoin https://medium.com/cdiamondcoin https://twitter.com/cdiamondcoin https://github.com/cdiamondcoin https://www.reddit.com/user/cdiamondcoin send e-mail info@cdiamondcoin.com please not hesitate contact you have any further questions. will happy answer them contact