what dmd diamond? dmd diamond digital currency that that allows people send money anywhere the world instantly, securely and near zero cost. focuses creating multi entry, high rewards monetary system that empowers people achieve financial freedom through blockchain based technology. dmd diamond's conceptual goal become ultra-scarce non-government controlled storage wealth with software facilities that can increase that wealth over time. emission model dmd diamond coin rollout one the cornerstones this monetary system. the emission model stays the same dmd diamond however, the introduced changes make the emission new coins smoother and avoid sudden large reductions yearly interest. the past dmd diamond relied both proof-of-stake and proof-of-work algorithms govern the network. dmd diamond will run state the art proof-of-stake only, while proof-of-work going removed completely. version dmd diamond emission model stages: below mentioned stages are just approximation that are give general overview how the issuance model going roll out; the dates will likely subject variation all the changes are based block numbers and not specific dates. stage from till from block till block the reward will remain constant .dmd. diamond's yearly monetary inflation will come down from the starting position and drop within months time. please note that the first blocks the block reward will instead prevent instamining with masternodes and proof-of-stake and give everyone time migrate the new blockchain. stage from till from block till block the reward emission will follow curved line decreasing rewards slightly each month from .dmd per block .dmd within months. also, yearly monetary inflation rate will decrease substantially from within that period. stage from till from block till block the reduction network rewards will slow down from dmd dmd per block, while annual monetary inflation will fall from within that period. stage from ongoing from block onward the network rewards will remain constant level dmd per block. yearly inflation will reducing slowly from the space years. version dmd diamond proof-of-stake algorithm specification: layer protocol's block time, without using diamond masternodes, seconds requiring confirmation for fully accepted transaction. this average produces blocks per day. the block size will set mb. block rewards are split between proof stake and masternodes, and respectively. the reason the masternodes get relatively bigger share create greater incentive run high performance masternodes that are capable powering various additional network services. with layer diamond masternode network transaction will fully confirmed and finalized seconds. however, using diamond masternode network make transactions optional feature. layer protocol, albeit not fast, with default transaction speed can still process more transactions than bitcoin. treasure digging striving for deflation after dmd diamond reaches stage its planned emission model there will long period slowly decreasing annual rate new coins being issued. that why dmd diamond foundation will aim create conditions that lead deflation the monetary system, but the same time making sure that the total number coins million never reached. this will achieved through new feature treasure digging that involves burning coins. burning coins about sending them address which unspendable; address that has not derived from private key but was rather generated manually following atypical algorithmic scheme. treasure digging will give ability search for unspent transaction outputs (utxo) that waere inactive for years and claim part their balance reward while the rest the coins are burned. address that has outputs least years old qualify treated 'lost coins' where the owner longer has access them, could either through lost passwords, coins sent wrong address any other misfortune. transaction time stamped every time the coins are moved, the counter towards year check automatically resets. active participants who utilize dmd diamond actively version dmd diamond support the network staking coins definition reset their clocks proving the coins are not lost. for long term holders there would self-check safeguards wallet startup that provide easy one click solution extend shelf life coins for another years. also, single utxo dmd will immune treasure digging this coin pile size reserved for diamond masternodes and such can used endless secure cold storage. this feature will create situation where more coins are removed from the circulation than are added through regular network reward system. another positive aspect this feature would incentivizing people pay more attention their money and encourage active participation securing the network. the technical details how this feature will work are going published closer the software release date. treasure digging feature alone not enough keep dmd diamond forever from reaching total coins, there will array services and apps which will require burning dmd which will ensure the total number coins never reached. what's more, dmd diamond transaction fees will burned create additional deflationary effect. proof stake dmd diamond adopts proof-of-stake which solves many underlying issues proof stake used dmd diamond all implementations proof-of-stake one must prove has access coins which grants the user ability partake network competition where the main prize privilege sign the transaction for which the winner rewarded with new coins. the general rule states the higher the network competition there more secure the network becomes. proof-of-stake dealt with security and stability deficiencies the previous generation proof stake including coin age, blockchain precomputation and block rewards. all the above constitute potential attack vectors. the original implementation proof-of-stake used concept coin age. was meant incentives those holders who not take part securing the network very often making easier win the race the coins were held untouched for long time. coin age was version dmd diamond calculated the weight unspent coin (utxo) and the time they have been dormant. was argued the more reluctant participants would more keen take part network competition and work harmony with those who partake basis. also, from monetary issuance model created static yearly interest rate for all participants. however, this model has introduced some worrisome behaviors where majority shareholders were disconnecting from the network for long periods time, gaining enough coin age stake and connecting again claim their rewards. this became recurring pattern. with such system place there was little incentive keep nodes running continuously, and the fewer the nodes the easier was execute attack especially the stakes could compounded and coin age gathered advance. another attack vector that former proof-of-stake protocol was vulnerable was blockchain precomputation. proof-of-stake introduced stake modifier interval that enhances obfuscation hash which makes harder predict the time the next proof stake block. this prevents attacker from staking multiple blocks row. furthermore, mentioned above, proof-of-stake based coin age which tried create common apr for all users did not encourage satisfactory level network support and yearly compounding interest was not big enough pull factor for users run their nodes continuously. prevent this proof-of-stake the block reward was made constant dmd per block (initially). this was based proportional the supply coins giving around annual return. block reward will following emission curve line reducing its block value over period time reflect set coin rollout. now only active participants can compete for the network reward. probability node winning the right sign transaction will proportional the percentage its share allocated coins taking part that competition. with this change the fewer participants the bigger the rewards totality the paid out reward split among fewer participants. this measure creates much stronger pull factor encouraging the network grow and compete. dmd diamond's hybrid security scheme mitigated some attack risks having proof stake and proof work blocks interlacing one another making harder for potential attacker corrupt the system he/she not only had gain majority control staking but also control majority the mining channel. with the appearance fpga mining, which completely centralized mining, proof work protocol longer posed credible solution the network security and the support for this version dmd diamond channel has been dropped. proof stake credible alternative that much more energy efficient and minimizes environmental impact normally energy intensive tasks. also, lower hardware requirements make the system more appealing wider group users and investors. the strength dmd diamond has always been the self-adjusting proof stake engine allowed the user exempt from tedious micromanagement coin piles. with that mind the proof stake engine will give the same comfort use for its users utilizing adaptable coin pile split and dust merge rulesets with default values that should fit most users out the box. additionally, will feature easy and automatic forwarding masternode rewards your primary proof stake address. diamond masternodes dmd diamond network consists full nodes running servers facilitating connectivity and transmission updates. masternodes time tested concept which was originally created prevent decrease number full nodes and incentivize people keep the network running, decentralised and expanding. over the years the technology matured masternodes became ever more useful and could perform additional network services that above what vanilla full node could do. diamond masternode computer node) that runs diamond wallet constantly connected the diamond network and performs certain network duties/services for which gets network rewards. become diamond masternode you are required send exactly dmd towards masternode address and leaving unspent which will used collateral. these coins never leave your wallet and are only used prove you have the right become diamond network service provider. user can any time opt out from diamond masternode program keeping all the coins. there are numerous benefits being the diamond masternode program such providing network stability and efficiency but also reduces the volatility the currency. when dmd diamond launched there will two types services diamond masternodes would do: transactions mixing (mixtx) and quick transactions (quicktx). version dmd diamond quick transactions (quicktx) transactions sent with the use this feature can received and deemed fully confirmed matter seconds. this much faster than using traditional way which can take minutes achieve one confirmation. contrast, bitcoin takes about minutes confirm payment once; this makes dmd diamond faster. transactions mixing (mixtx) this service provides enhanced anonymity allowing properly prepared coin piles, through the build diamond wallet coin-mixer tool, sent making much harder trace the source address. the future, diamond masternodes are planned enable many more services and its first installment can considered foundation upon which the future network services will built. how much can earn with masternode? diamond masternodes cost money and effort host they are paid share the block reward incentivize them. diamond masternodes are paid every proof-of-stake block rewards, which distributed diamond masternodes one time random basis. diamond network projected have just couple hundred such nodes running. because that, each masternode will take part many payout rounds each day (frequency depends masternode competition) making sure that investment, upkeep and servicing masternodes stays rewarding. this stark contrast what other projects propose where one has wait for days get chance earning the reward. there are three types limits the number active masternodes. the first limit set the number coins available the system. there will coins ever produced coins needed for collateral which gives masternodes total. the second limit comes form psychological and financial barrier where becomes increasingly expensive acquire masternode due limited market liquidity and coins being used burned and not traded the cryptocurrency exchanges. the third limiting factor the number active masternodes. when number masternodes increases above certain threshold, running masternode might not version dmd diamond profitable having the same coins the proof stake mode only. users then would switch back more profitable way earning with diamond via proof stake. the expected point where running masternode more rewarding than proof stake when approximately total coins participate proof stake, total coins participate masternode program and coins are inactive exchanges offline wallets. when the competition proof stake falls below that level block rewards are split among fewer participants, which gives them better revenue and they find blocks more often; which would more profitable than keeping coins masternode. this self adjusting system, profit driven, that makes sure diamond network will never without proof stake securing and never without enough masternodes guarantee smooth working diamond network services. due many variables and dynamic nature the system such the number competing masternodes per day, the block reward any given time number times diamond masternode selected perform network duties (done round the robin basis) not possible exactly calculate the rate return investment (roi), however, payments for standard day for running diamond masternode can calculated using the following formula: (n/t)*r*b*a the number diamond masternodes operator controls the total number diamond masternodes the current block reward (presently averaging about dmd) blocks average day. for the dmd network this usually the average diamond masternode payment the average block amount) scenario where person owns one masternode while there are masternodes the network total, average earning for each would around dmd per day which dmd year return investment annually, approximately. version dmd diamond what required run masternode? there are few prerequisites run masternode. firstly, one needs possession dmd diamond coins. diamond can obtained from cryptocurrency exchanges. alternatively, one can proxy-mine via diamond multipool, diamond cloud mining stake diamond coins the necessary level. another requirement have static address. dedicated addresses are important that other computers can easily and reliably connect nodes. diamond masternode changes the address frequently would penalized the network for being unreliable and would not get its fair share network rewards. most people not have static addresses with their home broadband service that why the easiest way host remote (virtual) server that can provide you with one. course one can run diamond masternode from home long the address static. however, there advanced option run diamond masternode behind onion hidden service which allows for reliable connection with the use dynamic address. the detailed guide how install and run diamond masternode will published closer the date the official release dmd diamond the initial requirements how powerful these computers should will change with time dmd diamond ecosystem expands host additional features and services. however, the beginning simple low-end, low-powered micro computer such raspberrypi will enough run diamond masternode. important note, diamond masternode that acts node not required have access the private key the amount held collateral. only the control wallet which start the masternode and delegates the work towards must have access the private key the address with the coins. dmd diamond legendary and foundation diamond masternodes since the introduction dmd diamond small percentage mining rewards had been allocated used for promotion and software development dmd version dmd diamond diamond. gathered funds helped move the project forward and continuously support project's main objectives. until the dmd diamond blockchain protocol fully developed and distributed greater number users dmd diamond foundation, which strictly non-profit voluntary based community foundation, acting the custodian diamond funds. community foundation can help guide development the protocol ensure the original goals and concepts are met. however the the aim the dmd diamond foundation creation decentralised autonomous governance where all decisions are made via protocol based voting system. such governance structure requires special safeguards, protocol based bylaws and community wide consensus make this type governance trusted with such important function funds allocation. with dmd diamond proof work (mining) longer supported that why the structure continuous funding changes. common other projects tax masternodes with their earnings, however, dmd diamond will have such mandatory fee. the protocol will pay out the masternode rewards the active diamond masternode operators. instead, dmd foundation will hold diamond masternodes that will not only used high performance backbone nodes but also generate necessary funding further development the diamond network. important note, that the funds that had been gathered over the years had never ever been spent paying dmd diamond foundation members. all the work for the dmd diamond foundation voluntary. things that have outsourced will covered with coins from dmd diamond foundation. all dmd diamond foundation diamond masternodes' addresses (as well the previous proof work funded network support addresses) are publicly available and open scrutiny. legendary addresses are unique crypto assets that were auctioned january these were not investment assets (no new coins were ever generated sold) but tokens gratitude the form slightly better staking ability those who contributed the most with their donation furthering the dmd diamond protocol. proceeds from the auction had been used support development the diamond wallet software. with the launch layer masternode network and the new type proof stake consensus mechanism the nature above mentioned legendary addresses had changed. instead receiving staking bonus, legendary holders will given one masternode each that filled with ghost version dmd diamond coins these ghost coins coins cannot moved spent any way, they are there only collateral activate masternode. order for these masternodes get network rewards they have participate providing network services just like any other ordinary diamond masternode. the same ghost coins will power the diamond foundation masternodes which replaces and abolishes previous proof work network support contributions. migration from diamond diamond migration process starts with public release diamond wallet software. the exact block number which the balance snapshot will taken will announced advance, giving time users and exchanges prepare. from then on, every user can claim their diamond balance diamond with their private keys. will easy either exporting and importing private keys the console just copying over diamond wallet.dat file the new diamond folder. the new wallet includes repair option salvage wallet' which will recover all private keys from the old wallet.dat file and the same time will keep the encryption fully secured with the old password. also, the very start there will period days blocks) with reduced rewards give everyone enough time prepare their masternode setup, transfer balances and familiarize with the new software. this prevent small group people reaping most the masternode staking rewards during the transition period which would unfair the rest the investors. there coin swap any hard deadline before which time everyone must perform exporting and importing their private keys new dmd diamond however, year time frame before treasure digging feature can used should enough time so. dmd diamond foundation will abandon any future support, side services and development for dmd diamond blockchain once the new one active. after the upgrade, dmd diamond will retain its ticker symbol (dmd) and all the exchanges trading diamond will convert diamond balances into the new diamond ones; this will effectively delist any diamond coins. version dmd diamond the future dmd diamond started humble cryptocurrency that was focused generating and storing wealth through built protocols. even though excelled these dmd diamond foundation has developed diamond cloud mining and diamond multipool services further strengthen dmd diamond ecosystem and provide more entry points this new financial system. the other hand, blockchain technology develops accelerating pace with every passing year and dmd diamond adapting constantly changing technological and market landscape. stay compatible and have ongoing access the wealth technological advancements dmd diamond will adopt industry standards necessary incorporate solutions and components that would beneficial the future dmd diamond. any new feature that has been time tested and would add value the coin could and would implemented. the immediate future after the release, dmd diamond (which will feature new slimmed down blockchain with much faster loading time), will get light wallet that does not require setting full node with the date blockchain able use diamond network. the same time, mobile wallet for android devices will released that one can access and manage their coins the go. the development dmd diamond core software will continue throughout the year and will come several stages. every new release will add new features the platform, increase processing power and scalability the network. most the development will done masternode technology and implementation additional features. the entry level hardware/resource specification setting diamond masternode will increase over time, one our main goals deliver shared masternodes technology where more smaller investors could pool their coins (in trustless and secure way) and reap benefits providing network services. all these new diamond masternode technologies will expand the capabilities the backbone infrastructure supporting the network and will ensure that capable handling the transaction loads and data storage requirements mass-market user base. version dmd diamond for dmd diamond security paramount that why further development the software will lead significant improvements that area quantum computing real and could soon become the biggest threat security and integrity all cryptocurrencies. for coins that are based proof stake algorithm this particularly important issue the addresses there are reused lot which weakens overall security private key. mitigate this risk and increase protection private keys, dmd diamond will research the best suitable defense against quantum computer attacks and implement soon available. the near future dmd diamond will feature second more complex and more secure address schema (far beyond what bitcoin protocol offers) which will make much harder for brute force quantum computer attack successful. what more, dmd diamond foundation has outlined the past its eagerness pursue bespoke software solutions that target niche markets. diamond's brand fits perfectly with the idea rare, valuable and unique items and this will sector the project will see the most development in. apart from development work dmd diamond core software, project members embark creating services powered dmd diamond that will give significant boost diamond's usability. the project will self funded and the first demo will available the software mind will feature multi-coin support platform that will gateway services created top and directly linked dmd diamond. improve governance, dmd diamond will utilize masternode voting system decide about forwarding community proposals the dmd diamond foundation. all proposals with above positive voting result will taken into consideration and feature the dmd diamond roadmap. further strengthen the position dmd diamond, dmd diamond foundation collaborating with teams across the cryptocurrency industry deliver next generation financial instruments. work that our partners will become more apparent and reinforce dmd diamond's strong position part wider cryptocurrency ecosystem. roadmap update (.): terms core software development dmd diamond team has analysed detail several different options, their negative and positive aspects well long term viability and version dmd diamond impact the value dmd protocol. the clear winner segwit technology that will allow for seamless integration with the lightning network. following this path will ensure dmd diamond part interconnected heterogeneous blockchain future and benefits from services that will developed top it. decision with segwit technology general direction future core development. it's extremely complex task and there are off the shelf solutions; will have developed industry first. there proof stake .-masternode-segwit with bitcoin codebase and above enabled coin but dmd community team determined deliver just that within the next months. dmd diamond foundation has also analysed technical and legal implications the proof protocol that completely anonymises transactions. theory this sounds like very attractive ability have, however, increasingly apparent that such technology not going compatible with the real world where the legislators who dictate whether cryptocurrency could access the real economy and financial markets increasingly weary such technology. there serious case for concern for coins that adapt such deep anonymity feature and can expect crackdown coins that this route. dmd diamond foundation would not risk compromising dmd diamonds long term viability for the sake short term gains. infact once diamond gets access the lightning network similar anonymity will achieved thanks the way such network operates, giant coin mixer, without above mentioned legal implications and with bonus being able used wherever bitcoin used. version dmd diamond