commission-free, trustless futures exchange for trading digital currency prices adam todd digitexfutures.com december th, abstract presenting commission-free futures exchange that covers operational costs minting its own native currency, the dgtx token, instead charging transaction fees trades. increasing demand for dgtx tokens from traders who are attracted commission-free futures markets will outweigh the inflationary cost minting small number new tokens each year. the exchange also replaces centralized account balances with independent, decentralized smart contract the ethereum blockchain that holds all account balances. this hybrid model centralized matching engine coupled with decentralized account balances gives traders the speed and reliability offchain price discovery combined with the trustless security on-chain account settlement. contents introduction commission-free futures trading revenue generation token issuance instead transaction fees the digitex protocol token (dgtx token) dgtx token supply and distribution revenue generating token issuance starts january dgtx token price projections and their effect token issuance model eliminating dgtx price risk trades: dgtx peg system buying and selling dgtx tokens trustless futures trading decentralized exchange challenges benefits centralized matching engine order book decentralized exchange hybrid model centralized and decentralized components the ultimate ringfence: decentralized account balances digitex oracle updates account balance smart contract the digitex futures exchange main features and benefits automated market makers futures contract specifications trading examples maker and taker commission fees other exchanges decentralized governance blockchain (dgbb) voting new token issuance summary updates the whitepaper introduction futures markets give traders the opportunity trade prices without the high costs and risks transferring, storing and paying full for the actual underlying instrument whose price they are trading. whether soybeans, gold, government bonds bitcoins, futures markets are valuable financial tool for facilitating price trading reducing friction and costs. but despite lower costs, transaction fees are still significant high volume, low profit margin futures trading strategies. they act massive brake the potential liquidity futures markets converting marginally profitable strategies into losing strategies after commissions. transaction fees are eliminated the digitex futures exchange creating ethereum based token, called the dgtx token, and using the native currency the exchange. all profits, losses, margin requirements and account balances are denominated dgtx tokens, meaning that traders must own dgtx tokens participate the commission-free, trustless markets digitex. this creates demand for dgtx tokens from traders, enabling the exchange replace revenue generation from transaction fees creating and selling small number new dgtx tokens each year. instead penalising active traders for providing liquidity, this brand new revenue model imposes small inflationary cost all token holders the understanding that commission-free and liquid markets will create demand for the dgtx token from traders that greater than the inflationary cost funding the exchange. another boost liquidity will come from the trustless nature the digitex futures exchange. unlike other futures exchanges, traders digitex will able trade without having trust the exchange with their money. account balances are held decentralized, independent smart contract the ethereum blockchain, not the exchange. the exchange informs the account balance smart contract trader's outstanding margin liabilities and trading profits/losses, thus keeping his account balance date, but the exchange does not have physical possession the funds and point does the exchange hold anyone's private keys. new token issuance done democratically all dgtx token owners using decentralized governance blockchain. they will collectively decide how many new tokens issue and when, order cover the operational costs running the exchange. maintaining the futures exchange the best interests all dgtx token owners because the exchange creates demand for the dgtx token and gives the token its utility and value. commission-free futures trading revenue generation token issuance instead transaction fees the futures trader's utopian dream commission-free exchange longer dream. creating erc- compatible protocol token the ethereum blockchain, called the dgtx token, and using the digitex futures exchange's native currency which all profits, losses, margin requirements and account balances are denominated, the exchange can eliminate transaction fees trades and cover costs creating new tokens instead charging fees. the relatively small inflation cost creating extra tokens more than offset the demand that created traders who must own dgtx tokens participate the commissionfree, liquid markets that are created this model. the size this demand for dgtx coming from traders during period where cryptocurrency trading volumes are expected grow exponentially will orders magnitude greater than the small number extra tokens that must created generate this demand. the futures exchange what gives the dgtx token its utility vehicle for trading highly liquid futures markets without any transaction fees. and the only way for traders participate those markets buy dgtx tokens cover their margin requirements open trades. there will new token issuance for the purpose revenue generation for approximately years after the launch the digitex futures exchange because the costs running the exchange will covered the proceeds the dgtx ico. during this year period new user registrations and trading volumes digitex futures markets will likely rise sharply, and all new traders will competing buy limited number dgtx tokens. any price rise the dgtx token caused this sharp increase demand will lessen the inflationary impact the first token creation event reducing the number dgtx tokens that must created cover upcoming costs. around the start the digitex futures exchange will start creating new dgtx tokens cover the costs operating the digitex futures exchange. these costs will include software development, servers, staff, premises, marketing, support and all other associated costs. based the projected costs and the current price dgtx, traders will vote how many new tokens create cover those projected costs. the vote will done through decentralized governance blockchain dgtx vote. new dgtx tokens will created via fully audited token creation smart contract. buyers will send eth the smart contract address and automatically receive the correct amount dgtx tokens return. there will minimum and maximum funding cap. separate, fully audited smart contract will keep running total all token issuance events that accurate and verifiable total supply dgtx tokens always publicly available. the digitex protocol token (dgtx token) the heart the digitex futures exchange its protocol token, the dgtx token. buy sell futures contracts the exchange trader must have margin balance dgtx sufficient cover his potential losses because the tick value each digitex futures contract dgtx token, meaning that all profits and losses are denominated dgtx tokens. trading volumes and liquidity increase the digitex futures markets the demand for dgtx traders will also increase. below are the key elements the dgtx token: dgtx token dgtx the protocol token that the native currency the digitex futures exchange. the tick value every digitex futures market dgtx token. margin requirements each digitex futures market are payable dgtx tokens because profits and losses are denominated dgtx tokens. account balances the digitex futures exchange, which are held independent smart contract, are denominated dgtx tokens. the creation new dgtx tokens after approximately years that allows the exchange operate without needing charge transaction fees. the dgtx token sale/initial coin offering (ico) creates initial supply ,,, dgtx (one billion dgtx tokens). there creation new dgtx tokens for the first years after the launch the digitex futures exchange. approximately years after launching, the digitex futures exchange starts create new dgtx tokens cover the costs running the digitex futures exchange. new token issuance causes inflation but also creates high demand for dgtx tokens subsidizing commission-free futures markets that attract large numbers traders who must buy dgtx tokens participate. dgtx ethereum based, erc- token that will freely tradable for bitcoin, ether and many other cryptocurrencies the digitex platform through integration with trustless, decentralized token trading protocols such swap.tech, xproject.com and bancor.com. traders can eliminate dgtx price risk from their trades with the dgtx peg system. the owner dgtx tokens has the ability engage the buying and selling liquid futures contracts the price bitcoin against the dollar, ethereum against the dollar and litecoin against the dollar without incurring any transaction fees their trades. the same trader buys and sells similar futures contracts any other exchange will incur commission costs. these commission costs can considerable for very active, short term traders. the more active the trader, the greater the intrinsic value dgtx that trader because every time buys sells digitex futures contract saving himself from paying commission. high volume, low profit margin trading strategy that loses money every other spot and futures exchange due commissions converted into profitable strategy when done the digitex futures exchange. dgtx token supply and distribution during the initial sale, billion dgtx tokens will made available. out this, for sale the public, goes digitex market makers, goes the digitex team and their advisors and goes referrals. out the earmarked for the team and advisors, that -year vesting schedule. therefore, after the initial auction, only the total supply will circulation. total dgtx supply dgtx (%) dgtx token sale dgtx (%) digitex market makers dgtx (%) team (current and future) dgtx (%) referrals dgtx token sale--m dgtx (%) (m) dgtx tokens will sold the dgtx token sale which starts january th, buyers will exchange eth for dgtx tokens equivalent price usd per dgtx token, meaning there hard cap maximum $.m that can raised. digitex market makers--m dgtx (%) digitex market makers are automated trading robots with algorithms that are programmed break even. with their highly active trading strategy and large trading bank all tokens circulation, they help create liquid futures markets that have tight bid and offer spreads, even volatile market conditions. team (current future)--m dgtx (%) (m) dgtx tokens will paid the founding team compensate them for past and future work. these tokens will vested until year past the first revenue generation token creation event (january ensuring the team has strong incentives create stable, self-perpetuating business model that provides ongoing and consistent demand for dgtx tokens after the token sale funds have been spent. revenue generating token issuance starts january approximately years after the official public launch the digitex futures exchange, will start creating new dgtx tokens cover the ongoing costs operating the exchange. the number new dgtx tokens created will determined other dgtx token owners who will vote proposals made dgtx token owners. proposals how many new dgtx tokens create can submitted any dgtx token owner and will based the projected costs operating the exchange and the current market price dgtx. new tokens will created through transparent, fully audited token creation smart contract. buyers will send eth the smart contract address and will automatically receive the corresponding number dgtx tokens return. large number new trader registrations the digitex futures exchange the first years will create surge demand for dgtx. the higher price dgtx means fewer tokens must created cover costs, reducing the inflationary effect the total supply dgtx. dgtx token price projections and their effect token issuance model the greater the demand for dgtx tokens traders the digitex futures exchange, the higher the price dgtx will climb. the following table shows some different scenarios and assumptions and their effect the price dgtx tokens. assumptions: traders are whales who buy total usd worth dgtx tokens over year period. traders are medium sized traders who buy total usd worth dgtx tokens over year period. traders are small traders who buy total usd worth dgtx tokens over year period. although the total supply dgtx tokens ,m, only are available bought and sold because the rest are locked the digitex market makers dgtx) and the founding team dgtx, vested). the table below calculates the projected price dgtx dividing the total dollar amount that traders purchase the years following launch the total available supply dgtx tokens and then adding that amount the price dgtx tokens the final dgtx token sale. this price calculation method oversimplified and possibly incorrect assumption that does not take into account many factors, such current market sentiment cryptocurrencies. cryptocurrency bull market possible that the dgtx price will rise considerably more than indicated below. likewise, there major crash cryptocurrency prices, the dgtx price could fail meet the projections below even the number traders projections are reached. table dgtx token price projections no. traders whales (%) medium (%) small (%) whales buy $,, $,, $,, $,, meds buy $,, $,, $,, $,, small buy $,, $,, $,, $,, total buy $,, $,, $,, $,, available dgtx supply $.m $.m $.m jan dgtx price increase jan dgtx token issuance inflation projections the following table shows how many new dgtx tokens would need created cover the next months operations after january the dgtx price was indicated the table above. the month projected cost running the exchange increases each column take into account the higher support costs, development costs, security costs and marketing costs associated with supporting the increased number traders: table token issuance inflation projections january dgtx dgtx dgtx dgtx tokens issued equalling dgtx equalling dgtx equalling dgtx equalling dgtx percentage total supply month costs the worst case scenario the table above shows that only new traders register the first years (fewer than new traders per day during year period where cryptocurrency trading volumes are expected grow exponentially), resulting stagnant dgtx price $., the exchange must increase the total supply tokens only cover the projected costs for the next months. the effect inflation rate the dgtx price will negligible. the best case example, where new traders are attracted the commissionfree, trustless markets the digitex futures exchange, resulting dgtx price $., the exchange can cover the projected operational costs for the next months with increase only the total supply dgtx tokens. the effect inflation rate the dgtx price would reduce from $., but doing this the exchange has secured another months operational, development and marketing costs that will attract thousands more traders, creating increased demand for dgtx tokens that far outweighs the inflationary cost creating that demand. eliminating dgtx price risk trades: dgtx peg system many traders will consider the dgtx token valuable, long term constituent their crypto-currency holdings and will therefore willing absorb the effects that any short term price volatility the dgtx token could have their trading profits. however, traders who are using the digitex futures markets hedge risk their physical holdings the underlying instrument cannot tolerate this added element the dgtx token's price affecting their positions. for example, trader who already owns bitcoins thinks the price bitcoin might drop, but wants keep physical possession his bitcoins. hedges his position selling digitex btc/usd futures contracts. now the price bitcoin drops his losses his actual bitcoin holdings are being recouped the profit his short futures position digitex. but short digitex had buy dgtx tokens cover his margin requirements, this trader must able ensure that adverse dgtx price movement won't affect the efficacy this hedging strategy. traders can eliminate dgtx price risk utilizing the exchange's dgtx peg system. the dgtx peg system simply futures contract the price dgtx that allows anyone who owns dgtx tokens lock sale price the current market price, whilst keeping physical possession their dgtx tokens use margin for doing trades the digitex futures markets. the price dgtx can pegged this way against eth and btc. the example above, the trader would buy dgtx tokens and then immediately use the dgtx peg system lock sale price the same price, guaranteeing that can sell his dgtx tokens the same price bought them for whenever wants. the downside doing this that the price dgtx rises will lose money his peg system trade because has locked lower price. futures contract, the dgtx peg system requires the trader deposit margin payment the currency which pegging the value dgtx cover his potential losses the trade. because the trader hedging against dgtx price risk this futures contract does not use the dgtx token its native currency. keep the exchange trustless, eth deposits are paid into the independent account balance smart contract, and btc deposits are converted into rsk and deposited into separate account balance smart contract. rsk turing complete sidechain the bitcoin network that peg with btc that supports smart contracts. buying and selling dgtx tokens highly liquid market dgtx tokens essential the success the digitex futures exchange. buying and selling dgtx tokens must free, quick, easy and frictionless possible. traders must able instantly convert wide range crypto-currencies into dgtx tokens and back again with little spread and with zero transaction fees. many traders will happy buy and hold dgtx tokens long term, but many other traders will buy dgtx tokens only when needed and then convert them back into eth btc soon they close their positions. apart from making efforts list dgtx various exchanges, the digitex futures exchange will integrate xproject into its platform, which decentralized token trading protocol that allows the instant and trustless trading any token pair. digitex will set aside the proceeds from the token sale use collateral for creating liquid market dgtx tokens, ensuring there thick order book bids and offers for dgtx/eth and dgtx/btc the digitex trading platform. with the existence these very liquid dgtx spot markets, may become normal behavior for short term traders the digitex futures exchange buy dgtx tokens the start trading session, use the dgtx peg system lock their sale price and then cash out few hours later into their original currency when they have finished trading. this could lead very heavy traded volumes dgtx tokens with all the associated benefits that would bring. digitex will also play active market making role the dgtx peg system futures markets, ensuring that traders wishing eliminate dgtx price risk whilst holding futures positions can easily with tight spreads, commissions and little slippage. trustless futures trading replacing centralized account balances with independent, decentralized smart contract the ethereum blockchain, traders can use the digitex futures exchange without having trust the exchange with their money. this hybrid mechanism centralized matching engine and decentralized account balances solves many the problems associated with purely decentralized exchanges. decentralized exchange challenges the blockchain highly versatile, disruptive technology that promises shake the established ways doing things ways that cannot yet imagine. but there are several non-trivial challenges running decentralized futures exchange the blockchain, particularly with regards efficient trade settlement and order matching: latency on-chain orderbook prevents real time trading. lack privacy on-chain can lead frontrunning large orders. on-chain transactions can expensive. reliability and scalability on-chain transactions still unresolved issue. margin trading where the user doesn't put down the full value the contract being traded not yet possible on-chain. benefits centralized matching engine order book decentralized exchange centralized servers have advantages over distributed ledgers for certain applications. storing order books, settling trades and running matching engines centralized servers instead the blockchain can have many benefits: matching engines dedicated central servers are blazing fast, allowing for real time trading and more sophisticated trading tools and strategies. central servers have complete privacy, preventing frontrunning large orders transactions proprietary central server are off-chain and effectively free. central servers are very fast, extremely reliable and scale well. margin trading centralized server possible and allows traders maximize their trading account balance using leverage. hybrid model centralized and decentralized components digitex the intelligent combination the speed and reliability centralized servers with the trustless security decentralized smart contracts. the digitex futures exchange interacts with the smart contract that can update trader's available balance reflect that trader's outstanding margin liabilities and his trading profits and losses, but the exchange does not have physical possession the trader's funds and unable anything else the funds held the smart contract. the ultimate ringfence: decentralized account balances digitex cannot freeze seize trader's funds for any reason, such outside pressure from authorities, creditors, kyc/aml regulators etc. digitex can and will resist this pressure legally and without consequence because the exchange simply does not have access trader's funds. digitex cannot mismanage the trader's funds any way using those funds for other purposes because the exchange does not have control access the private keys the trader's dgtx tokens. digitex does not hold any private keys and therefore not hacking target. the unlikely event security breach the exchange, digitex does not hold any funds that can stolen. digitex oracle updates account balance smart contract the centralized exchange acts oracle the independent smart contract that holds the traders' account balances. when trader wants withdraw dgtx tokens from his account, the smart contract must first ask the exchange for update his trading profits and losses, well his current margin liabilities his current matched and unmatched orders. this way the smart contract can update his available withdraw balance. such updates trader's account balance the smart contract are on-chain, minimize gas costs updates are only sent the smart contract when the trader wants withdraw. this communication between the exchange and the smart contract presents potential attack vector hackers who might want hack into the exchange for the purpose updating the smart contract with incorrect information that lets them withdraw more than they have. the solution this calculate the trader's profit and loss from scratch from all his matched trades whenever the smart contract asks for update trader's account balance. doing this impossible for hacker who has somehow gained access the exchange send incorrect updates the smart contract because will unable create the fake matched trades needed (each needing counterparty and matching timestamps) calculate his fake profit and update the smart contract with it. security can further enhanced requiring users the digitex futures exchange have the metamask browser plugin. this ensures that only you have the ability withdraw from your account balance utilizing metamask's secure identity vault which uses signed blockchain transactions verify you are the same person who made the deposit, but completely anonymous way that requires identifying information whatsoever from you. the digitex futures exchange the digitex futures exchange trading environment for the trustless buying and selling digital currency futures contracts with zero transaction fees. the exchange does not hold any client funds, combining the trustless security decentralized account balances with the speed and reliability centralized order book and matching engine. main features and benefits zero trading fees decentralized account balances highly liquid futures markets automated market makers digitex native currency token issuance revenue model bitcoin, ethereum litecoin futures one click ladder trading interface large tick sizes high leverage auto deleveraging sub-millisecond order matching off-chain price discovery, on-chain settlement decentralized governance blockchain complete privacy blockchain driven zero trading fees there are transaction fees any kind the digitex futures exchange. traders can submit maker orders taker orders any time under any circumstances and pay commissions all trades forever. digitex's revolutionary token issuance model makes commission-free trading fully sustainable indefinitely, and actually thrives the exchange gets busier, ensuring the long term success the digitex futures exchange. decentralized account balances traders not need trust digitex with holding their account balance order trade the exchange. your account balance held decentralized, independent smart contract the ethereum blockchain, not the exchange. digitex cannot freeze/mismanage/lose your funds because physically don't have access your money. and the unlikely event that digitex hacked there are funds for the hackers steal. highly liquid futures markets when you remove the constraints transaction fees you get highly liquid markets because traders engage high volume, single tick trading strategies that are not viable other exchanges due commissions. liquidity further enhanced the presence automated market makers, funded with the total supply dgtx tokens, that are programmed break even whilst keeping spreads tight all times, even volatile market conditions. automated market makers digitex market makers are automated trading bots with algorithms that are programmed break even. with their highly active trading strategy and large trading bank all tokens circulation dgtx), they help create liquid futures markets that have tight bid and offer spreads, even volatile market conditions, giving traders the confidence always being able enter and exit positions which further enhances liquidity. digitex native currency the digitex futures exchange has its own native cryptocurrency, called the dgtx token. the tick value each digitex futures market dgtx token, meaning that all trading profits and losses are denominated dgtx tokens. margin requirements are payable dgtx tokens and traders account balances, deposits and withdrawals are denominated dgtx tokens. therefore, traders must own dgtx tokens trade digitex's commission-free, trustless futures markets, which creates demand for the dgtx token. token issuance revenue model the digitex futures exchange revolutionizing futures trading eliminating transaction fees trades and instead generating revenue through token issuance its native currency, the dgtx token. because the dgtx token demand from traders, the exchange able create and sell small number new dgtx tokens each year cover costs. the inflationary cost small increase the dgtx supply offset demand from traders who must own participate digitex's commission-free, trustless futures markets. bitcoin, ethereum litecoin futures digitex has futures markets: btc/usd, eth/usd ltc/usd. each futures contract has large tick size, which eliminates lot noise and allows prices displayed one click ladder style trading interface, even volatile market conditions. tick values futures contracts are denominated dgtx tokens, meaning that all profits and losses are settled dgtx tokens. one-click ladder trading interface digitex futures markets are displayed intuitive ladder interface that allows traders submit buy and sell orders instantly with single click. with minimal mouse movement and without needing the keyboard, traders never need take their eyes from the price action. bids and offers move and down central price ladder that allows traders visualize the market the price literally moves and down. large tick sizes distinctive feature digitex futures markets are their large tick size. futures trading, tick the minimum price increment that futures contract can move down. for example, the tick size the btc/usd futures contract this removes noise and allows volatile futures contracts displayed scalperfriendly one click ladder trading interface without the price constantly disappearing off the top the page and off the bottom the page. high leverage digitex futures markets offer traders very high leverage allowing them realise large percentage gains (and losses) from relatively small price movements. but unlike other bitcoin futures exchanges, digitex does not cancel your winning trade protect itself from losses your counterparty's losing position gets stopped out because was too highly leveraged. auto deleveraging unlike other bitcoin futures exchanges that offer high leverage, digitex will not close you out winning position protect itself from losses when your counterparty's losing trade stopped out because was too highly leveraged. it's out your control whether the counterparty your trade maximum leverage not and you shouldn't miss out profitable move that you correctly predicted because the exchange canceled your winning trade. sub-millisecond order matching digitex built the erlang/otp stack, the same programming language whatsapp, which was chosen for its real time updating capabilities and its ability seamlessly handle spikes activity with extremely low latency. the trading interface updates prices real time and completely web browser based with nothing download. the digitex order matching engine matches trades less than one millisecond. the exchange highly scalable millions concurrent users needed. off-chain price discovery, on-chain settlement digitex hybrid futures exchange that combines the speed and reliability centralized order matching engine with the trustless security decentralized account balances the blockchain. this offers traders the best both worlds when comes speed execution and the safety their deposits. traders enjoy the benefits real time trading blazing fast order matching engine without needing trust the exchange with their money. decentralized governance blockchain digitex uses blockchain technology eliminate transaction fees minting small number new dgtx tokens each year. this token issuance revenue model governed democratically its traders, for the benefit its traders, through decentralized governance blockchain. this means that all dgtx token owners collectively decide when, and how many new tokens are issued cover the costs operating the futures exchange. complete privacy traders digitex can start trading immediately without needing submit their name any identifying documents any kind. offshore exchange that accepts only dgtx tokens, digitex not bound intrusive, ineffective and pointless kyc/aml regulations that intrude our users' privacy and which put them risk identity theft making the exchange target for hackers seeking personal information. the best way protect our users' personal data not collect that data the first place. blockchain driven digitex driven blockchain technology. from the use its own cryptocurrency eliminate transaction fees, storing account balances trustlessly decentralized smart contract, and allowing its traders determine the rate new token issuance, everything that makes digitex revolutionary only made possible embracing the disruptive power new blockchain technology that until very recently didn't even exist. automated market makers liquidity begets liquidity. traders want trade liquid markets with tight spreads where they can get filled quickly and with the minimum slippage. digitex market makers are automated trading bots with algorithms that are programmed break even. not being driven profit, the market makers not exist extract value from traders. with their highly active trading strategy and large trading bank all tokens circulation dgtx), the digitex market makers help create liquid futures markets that have tight bid and offer spreads, even volatile market conditions, giving traders the confidence always being able enter and exit positions which further enhances liquidity. digitex market makers are very well capitalized, with trading bank dgtx tokens, which the total supply. this ensures that large number dgtx tokens are actually being used actively for the purpose trading, with all the beneficial network effects that brings, rather than those tokens sitting dormant speculator's wallet. helps create very liquid futures markets from day one, which combined with zero transaction fees will attract large number traders the digitex futures exchange. large numbers traders will create surge demand for dgtx tokens and price bump that will convince speculators take early profit selling their dgtx tokens those traders, thus transferring more tokens from dormancy wallets active use the futures markets. this way, the digitex market makers are catalyst highly efficient trading environment where the majority the ecosystem's protocol tokens are active use. major benefit that comes from the majority dgtx tokens being active use traders that the governance new token issuance, which controlled dgtx token owners, being done interested parties who are actively using the platform. many these active traders will profitable because there are transaction fees, giving them strong incentives support the long term success the exchange and the dgtx token with well considered governance proposals and voting behavior. futures contract specifications the exchange will launch with the following futures contracts: btc/usd, eth/usd ltc/usd. futures contract: btc/usd (bitcoin against the dollar) tick size (minimum price increment): usd tick value: dgtx taker/maker fee: funding costs: initial margin: dgtx maintenance margin: dgtx contract type: contract for difference (cfd) contract duration: hours settlement date: daily gmt settlement price: bitcoinaverage.com spot price btc/usd gmt, rounded down the nearest settlement process: cash settled dgtx tokens settlement price. all open positions remain open being rolled over into the new contract which opens gmt. futures contract: eth/usd (ethereum against the dollar) tick size (minimum price increment): usd tick value: dgtx taker/maker fee: funding costs: initial margin: dgtx maintenance margin: dgtx contract type: contract for difference (cfd) contract duration: hours settlement date: daily gmt settlement price: bitcoinaverage.com spot price eth/usd gmt, rounded down the nearest settlement process: cash settled dgtx tokens settlement price. all open positions remain open being rolled over into the new contract which opens gmt. futures contract: ltc/usd (litecoin against the dollar) tick size (minimum price increment): usd tick value: dgtx taker/maker fee: funding costs: initial margin: dgtx maintenance margin: dgtx contract type: contract for difference (cfd) contract duration: hours settlement date: daily gmt settlement price: bitcoinaverage.com spot price ltc/usd gmt, rounded down the nearest $.. settlement process: cash settled dgtx tokens settlement price. all open positions remain open being rolled over into the new contract which opens gmt. trading examples example trade btc/usd trade digitex futures exchange bob short term, trend following bitcoin trader. sees the price btc/ usd start rise and jumps buying btc/usd futures contracts with single click the mouse that are being offered for sale $,. the price rises quickly and then starts come down bob immediately hits the bid and sells contracts with single click the mouse. the tick size the btc/usd futures contract bob has made profit ticks contract position which tick profit. tick worth dgtx has made profit dgtx. the current market price dgtx token usd bob's profit dgtx bob's initial margin requirement open his trade was dgtx dgtx ($,). needed this much his account able enter the trade. his account balance held independent smart contract, not the exchange. there are zero transactions fees all trades bob's profit after commission same btc/usd trade cryptofacilities.com bob buys bitcoins worth contracts offered and then sells them the bid, making profit flurry mouse clicks and keyboard strokes. must have his account cover this position. his account balance held the exchange. bob's commission this trade was $.: buy: sell: total: $.. bob's profit actually profit only after paying commissions. same btc/usd trade gdax.com bob buys bitcoins offered and then sells them the bid, making profit flurry mouse clicks and keyboard strokes. must have his account cover this position. his account balance held the exchange. bob's commission buy and sell bitcoins was $.: buy: sell: total: $.. bob's profit actually loss -$. after paying commissions. table example trade no. btc/usd trade digitex futures exchange cryptofacilities.com gdax.com margin required margin held independent smart contract cryptofacilities gdax profit trade commission trade profit after commission example trade eth/usd trade digitex futures exchange the price eth starts dropping alice, short term scalper, hits the bid and sells eth/usd futures contracts with single click the mouse. the price drops offered and stays there for seconds alice decides the move down has run out momentum and she buys contracts with single click the mouse. the tick size the eth/usd futures contract alice has made profit tick contract position which tick profit. tick worth dgtx she has made profit dgtx. the current price dgtx usd alice's profit dgtx alice's initial margin requirement open her trade was dgtx dgtx ($). she needed this much her account able enter the trade. her account balance held independent smart contract, not the exchange. there are zero transactions fees all trades alice's profit after commission same eth/usd trade bitmex.com alice sells ether worth contracts the bid and then buys them the offer, making profit flurry mouse clicks and keyboard strokes. she must have her account cover this position. her account balance held the exchange. alice's commission this trade was sell: buy: total: $.. alice's profit actually profit only after paying commissions. same eth/usd trade kraken.com alice sells ether worth contracts the bid and then buys them the offer, making profit flurry mouse clicks and keyboard strokes. she must have her account cover this position. her account balance held the exchange. alice's commission this trade was $.: sell: buy: total: $.. alice's profit actually loss -$. after paying commissions. table example trade no. eth/usd trade digitex futures exchange bitmex.com kraken margin required margin held independent smart contract bitmex kraken profit trade commission trade profit after commission example trade btc/usd trade digitex futures exchange tom buys btc/usd futures contracts $,. jamie dimon continues buying bitcoin aggressively and the price rises fast. tom sells contracts $,. the tick size the btc/usd futures contract tom has made profit ticks contract position which tick profit. tick worth dgtx has made profit dgtx. the current market price dgtx token usd tom's profit dgtx $,. tom's initial margin requirement open his trade was dgtx dgtx ($,). needed this much his account able enter the trade. his account balance held independent smart contract, not the exchange. there are zero transactions fees all trades tom's profit after commission $,. same btc/usd trade bitmex.com tom buys bitcoins worth contracts $,. his initial margin requirement open this trade $,. unfortunately for tom, his counterparty the trade was highly leveraged. when the price went up, instead liquidating tom's counterparty's position into the market with stop loss, bitmex cancelled the trade, stopping tom out his winning position and giving him profit $,. this called auto deleveraging and used bitmex protect themselves from losses caused highly leveraged traders volatile markets. the price bitcoin continues rising quickly but poor old tom misses the whole move. the words the bitmex ceo, arthur hayes: "if you want leverage which obviously you do, because that's why you're here you accept that bitmex can't put our balance sheet the line settle these contracts." better luck next time, tom. maker and taker commission fees other exchanges the above examples use the standard taker fee calculate commissions cryptofacilities (taker fee: .%), bitmex (taker fee: .%), kraken (taker fee: .%) and gdax (taker fee: .%). possible reduce your commission payments those exchanges submitting sell orders above the current trading price and buy orders below the current trading price which will give you the reduced maker fee. however, this restricts the traders ability immediately open close positions lifting offers and hitting bids like bob and alice did the above examples. this inevitably leads missed opportunities and unrealized profits which have the same effect the traders' bottom line transaction fees. even trader does most his trades maker, taker fees are expensive that short term trading strategy that ekes out single tick profits here and there converted from profitable strategy into losing strategy. the digitex futures exchange traders can take whatever price they want whenever they want with commission costs funding costs any kind. the prices cryptocurrencies continues rise, the current universal model percentage based transaction fees all other exchanges means that commissions are constantly getting more and more expensive. ever increasing transaction fees make short term trading strategies that provide lots liquidity the markets even more unviable time goes on, making digitex more attractive these highly valuable liquidity providers. decentralized governance blockchain (dgbb) blockchain technology the driving force behind digitex: the blockchain allows the exchange eliminate transaction fees through the creation its own cryptocurrency, and smart contracts the blockchain hold traders' account balances, allowing the exchange operate trustlessly. digitex also uses the blockchain govern new token issuance efficiently and democratically through rules and voting systems that are encoded into smart contracts. one the great promises the blockchain decentralized governance. the assumption that dgtx owners will act their own collective self interest, digitex can move forwards dynamic organization capable adapting quickly changing conditions. voting new token issuance dgtx token owners submit proposals with regards how many new dgtx tokens should issued cover the ongoing operational costs running the futures exchange. current dgtx token owners will act their own collective self interest when comes deciding how many new dgtx tokens create cover the costs operating the digitex futures exchange. they must balance the inflationary cost creating new tokens against the benefits well funded, well managed futures exchange that provides ongoing and increasing demand for dgtx. they must preserve the current value dgtx minimizing the creation new tokens, whilst the same time creating enough new tokens cover the development and operational costs the digitex futures exchange, which will increase the value dgtx tokens through increased demand from traders. voting proposals takes time and attention and requires users constantly active and accurately informed about everything. dgtx token owners can therefore delegate their voting power trusted person who votes their behalf they don't want play active role. summary the digitex futures exchange revolutionary new futures exchange model that mints its own native cryptocurrency replace the need for transaction fees trades. commission-free trading will create highly liquid futures markets attracting high volume, short term traders whose trading strategies are not viable other exchanges due commissions. cryptocurrency prices rise, percentage based transaction fees other exchanges will also rise, further increasing the appeal commission-free futures exchange. commission-free markets create demand for dgtx tokens which more than offsets the inflationary cost creating that demand. traders digitex can participate liquid, commission-free markets without needing trust the exchange with custody their funds, further differentiating the exchange from the traditional exchanges that require traders relinquish full control their account balances central third party that can potentially freeze/ mismanage/lose those funds. through decentralized governance blockchain (dgbb), new token issuance for the purpose revenue generation run democratically dgtx token owners. highly liquid, commission-free futures markets stable, fast and trustless trading platform, during period exponential growth cryptocurrency trading, will attract large number traders, creating huge demand for dgtx tokens. the price dgtx tokens increases the exchange must create fewer tokens cover costs, thereby reducing the inflationary cost creating new tokens. updates the whitepaper jan page revised the available tokens during the initial sale from now reserved for referrals. clarified that the digitex team's awarded tokens are vested for years. contact: adam@digitexfutures.com