digiwage team june v.. contents introduction business case technical sheet digiwage workplace decentralized payment system development roadmap disclaimer citations introduction while it's clear that blockchain has brought decentralization capabilities many areas industry, hi-tech and finance, it's yet unclear how they will applied real life case scenarios. this lack perspective, while expected from every early-adoption phase infrastructure, preventing businesses and individuals access the advantages this ground-breaking technologies quick, affordable and safe way. digiwage team focused bridging this gap the jobs and workplace industry, developing and providing the necessary tools for entrepreneurs, freelance workers and anyone who works the global services arena. key this strategy the creation the digiwage cryptocurrency, that provides the necessary blockchain technology layer base for anonymous, instant and decentralized payments. still most the reduced public that made inroads into cryptocurrencies lately thinks that this only about coins and money transfer. actually, bitcoin-based blockchain already decentralized smart contract enforcement platform using bitcoin's script language. while some have tried downplay its power saying it's not turing complete machine, others point this more and advantage than disadvantage. but the fact that today it's still underused, when that's the real value it, and that's how digiwage team aims leverage its full potential for the worldwide services industry using for the decentralized payment system. business case current digital workplace and freelance scene ironically controlled few powerful players, that enforce centralization and leave developers, designers, creators and entrepreneurs with little choice anything and high mediation fees for everything. the arrival blockchain technology opens new window opportunity, that may transform the freelance landscape for good and will create new, exciting and trustless collaboration frameworks with higher degrees freedom and need central authority that restricts expansive projects. central this decentralized target, the creation blockchain secured payment system, that all the actors services contract can use fund escrows, pay and get paid, even request for arbitration services, all this without intervention any bank, card other fiat payment schema. problem digiwage solution centralized contract enforcement. contracts enforced trustless blockchain, encryption based signatures. high mediation fees whatever the result. mediator only required when arbitrage required. all parts agree, they can execute the contract their own signing. high fees from different conventional fiat payment systems low fees digiwage cryptocurrency network rigid cooperation frameworks flexible, trustless cooperation frameworks. technical sheet basic characteristics economics go-live date: march ticker: wage sub unit mwage=. wage lowest unit wage mining strategy: pos masternodes base platform pivx algorithm: quark block size: max. coins: current circulation: millions first months are deflationary. max. circulation: unlimited avg. block time: min. initial coin offering (ico) self-funded block reward breakdown wage wage wage wage -infinite wage masternodes pos masternodes they provide layer for contract enforcement, instantsend/privatesend capabilities, and can enabled act decentralized governance system digiwage masternodes require initial deposit wage) and are rewarded each block creation, acting incentive for profitable investment and long-term commitment towards digiwage project. technologies used android studio, angular.js, c/c++, html, css, javascript, node, swift, jquery, blockchain, multisignature, distributed ledgers, open application programming interfaces (api). digiwage workplace the digiwage freelance workplace will perform business hub for entrepreneurs, freelancers, startups and developers. powered the digiwage network, the decentralized nature the marketplace platform and its associated payment system will provide freedom and flexibility build different combinations modern collaboration frameworks, minimizing the management frictions and fees and enabling the creation high-efficiency project teams. quick glance the different collaboration possibilities: micro-jobs the sellers will quote specific price for service. hourly enables the freelancers post their services hourly basis. buyer requests any entrepreneur can post their requirements and look for freelancer matching them. project teams makes easier for startups form teams across various technologies and projects developer directory skill sets are linked user profiles and public addresses the blockchain, creating complete developer directory that will make easier for anyone search for technology specific professionals. crowdfunding users can post their ideas with well developed white paper and request voting raise funds and find resources within the platform kickstart any new projects the platform and the wallet apps will also provide collaborative and management tools facilitate the communication among all participants. initially the base currency will wage. later on, the workplace will provide third party currency conversion tools facilitate deals using other currencies more advanced point the roadmap, dex (decentralized cryptocurrency exchange) will replace those party tools and create autonomous, multi-currency payment gateway. decentralized payment system the approach taken our design excludes the use centralized web wallets from the beginning. while this decision would substantially simplify the payment process development, has many critical consequences regarding security, privacy and identity theft, that can't hardly considered convenient under any sensible modern industry standard, and will not accepted any party trying serious business. any web wallet containing private keys and funds have been recurrent and fruitful target for hackers, leading side consequence make the mainstream public skeptical about the security the blockchain technology, without actual reason behind. web servers are open many exploits, denial service and even social engineering attacks. this approach rules out great deal the advantages offered peer peer, distributed ledger technologies represented cryptocurrencies. the proposed payment process for the digiwage workplace platform integrates all the features into digiwage core client, allowing all participants keep their private keys safely kept into their pcs, preferably encrypted wallet for tighter security. roles involved. buyer user the workplace platform who contracts service purchases good. seller user the workplace platform who sales service good. mediator user that provides mediation case dispute deal. initially will some administrator moderator the platform, but can extended the future other users. not mandatory role long there agreement among the other parts. the three role users will need digiwage core wallet, with public address registered into the workplace platform engage into this payment process. role enhancement for flexible cooperation frameworks note that the system can easily expanded support different cooperation frameworks, for example entrepreneurs acting buyers and buyers providing combined services provide broader project under multi-party, multi-signature blockchain-enforced contract basic functional diagram: each escrow and payment operations are sent from digiwage core client, and broadcasted into digiwage network. every approval signed each party using their exclusive private keys, making fraud impossible while those private keys remain safe the user's pc. all the workplace platform needs keep the parties public addresses, and can protect itself from tampering fraudulent impersonations requiring each request provide that address' public key, which can't forged and only lives the user's encrypted wallet file. key feature solve disputes other abnormal developments deal contract, the digiwage platform can provide its own private key signature, sign final operation that can release funds partially totally final dispute resolution, even unlock funds case one party retires from the deal. the decentralized characteristic the system shown when deal ends all parties' satisfaction. then buyer and seller can sign the final transaction and release the funds from the escrow address the final recipient. systems diagram: workplace platform required provide basic support for the deals and the contract status. then all payment operations are conducted the parties directly using the especially adapted digiwage core client. unlike other core clients that just provide basic on-chain transfers, digiwage's allow follow all pending deals and disputes, perform the escrow deposits (for buyers) and facilitate the signing process for the multi-signature transactions that will finally unlock the funds the final recipients. finally, workplace platform has access the mediator wallet, solve disputes and allow the execution final agreement (whether includes partial total refund for the buyer. development roadmap disclaimer the purpose this whitepaper present the digiwage workplace, and its associated cryptocurrency. the information set forth herein may not exhaustive and does not imply any elements contractual relationship. its sole purpose provide relevant, reasonable information potential investors and participants order form them determine whether undertake more thorough analysis the project. nothing this whitepaper shall deemed constitute prospectus any sort solicitation for investment, nor does any way pertain offering solicitation offer buy any securities any jurisdiction. this document informative nature only has not been composed accordance with (nor subject to) the laws regulations any jurisdiction that may have been designed protect investors. the digiwage team expressly disclaims any and all responsibility for any direct consequential loss damage any kind whatsoever arising directly indirectly from: reliance any information contained this document any error, omission, inaccuracy any such information, any action resulting therefrom. this whitepaper may contain references third-party data and industry publications. far digiwage aware, the information reproduced this whitepaper accurate, and that its estimates and assumptions are reasonable. however, there are assurances the accuracy completeness this information. although information and data reproduced this whitepaper are believed have been obtained from reliable sources, have not independently verified the information data from third-party sources referred this whitepaper ascertained any underlying assumptions relied upon such sources. this whitepaper contains forward-looking statements information that relate digiwage's current expectations and views future events. digiwage has based these forward-looking statements its current expectations and projections about future events and financial trends that believes may affect its financial condition, results operations, business strategy, financial needs, the value price stability digiwage. undue reliance should not placed these forward-looking statements. cryptocurrencies are high-risk investment and may not suitable for all types investors. before purchasing any cryptocurrency, one must ensure that the nature, complexity and risks inherent the trading cryptocurrency are suitable for his/her objectives. cryptocurrencies should not purchased without understanding the extent exposure potential loss. cryptocurrency exchange rates have exhibited strong volatility date and the extent exposure potential loss could extend the entire cryptocurrency investment. many factors outside the control digiwage will affect the market price cryptocurrencies, including, but not limited to, national and international economic, financial, regulatory, political, terrorist, military, and other events, adverse positive news events and publicity, and generally extreme, uncertain, and volatile market conditions. extreme changes price and ability sell/exchange may occur any time. citations chain intelligence masternodes: introduction changelly https://changelly.com/ bitcoin wiki multisignature applications