disclaimer disclaimer: this document (hereinafter referred "white paper") establishes and defines the principles upon which digipulse, service and company will operate, regarding both the business model, well the technical solution. the information the white paper subject change all changes can found under the section "revisions version". please refer "terms and conditions" found www.digipulse.io for full details. abstract digipulse service decentralised cloud storage with automated transfer ownership based the activity signals received from connected api integrations. operates subscription-based saas platform. the project aims ensure that all user's digital assets and crypto wallets can stored decentralized storage, encrypted manner and can automatically transferred recipients chosen the original holder, based pre-set conditions. cryptocurrency increases both circulation and value does the necessity secure digital asset longevity and transfer/distribution mechanism. and seen how complete digitalization still relatively early stage, most online services not consider the potential digital asset loss their users legitimate problem. digipulse.io contents disclaimer abstract the problem opportunity project creation industry analysis general description demographics and segmentation market need service description/ technology recipient access "pulse network" connecting with services through their apis digipulse api for full integration possibilities encryption inheritance file upload and access file storage data storage: centralised decentralised ownership transfer privacy risk factors recipient verification competitor analysis business structure token mechanics the digipulse token the company digipulse.io the problem new innovations and products adapted the market undoubtedly create new problems. cryptocurrencies are virtual form assets (depending the jurisdiction) protected unbreakable cryptography. this attribute makes them secure way storing wealth but also creates the risk forever losing access one's digital wallet case death loss memory. this can become major problem for the relatives individuals who have invested into ever growing cryptocurrency market. due the characteristics that random modifications and forgery the records almost impossible, attempts have been made use the blockchain financial asset transactions the financial institutions well general contracts (referred "smart contract") such transfer ownership, inheritance and succession. blockchain takes the ledger with its transaction details and distributes into network, making the participants record and manage the details jointly, instead placing them into central organizational server. this process resolves the high cost network management and increasing hacking issues. opportunity the decentralisation era has provided with the perfect timing for setting asset encryption and distribution storage service. this technology enables digipulse encrypt, split and store information multiple devices across the world, thus ensuring that service provider don't have access the information user wishes encrypt decentralized storage) and the threat internal risks which come from human resources mitigated enormously. addition, have created solution that deals with the access transfer send-out automated way, namely the "pulse network", which consists multiple web based integrations that are utilised pass the contents stored online the user. this allows create subscription-based service with ideal product fit for the existing cryptocurrency sphere and the 'digital era' general. digipulse.io project creation digipulse was launched the concept was developed founding team member whose previous ventures provided him with in-depth expertise the fields fundraising, and psychology. the idea, which originated during his prior employment, was simple was eye-opening: large financial losses could fall upon either the employer the individual's family members, the original asset owner were pass away. the idea gained additional spin when the cryptocurrency aspect was added the initial idea storing memorabilia and valuables. extensive market analysis indicated existing services that fulfilled the needs the initial team members, set out create one ourselves. that service digipulse. digipulse.io industry analysis general description better understand the size the cryptocurrency market, one can look the s&p rating (the standard poor's the top largest companies market capitalization listed american stock exchanges). comparison, cryptocurrency market capitalization would place (as february st, market capitalizaton, usd, billions rre ire and while unbreakable cryptography advantageously fundamental part the entire cryptocurrency sphere, does have glaring flaw it's alarmingly easy lose, destroy make cryptocurrencies otherwise unattainable. digipulse.io fact, bitcoins and other cryptocurrencies may even disappear forever because this. when all million bitcoins are mined the [estimated] year the actual amount available for trade spending will significantly lower. according research study done digital forensics firm chainalysis, million bitcoins are already lost forever, accounting for all bitcoins mined this day. monetary terms, the amount currently lost asset value reaches about billion usd. but since the market capitalization for bitcoin (out all the cryptocurrencies) reaches .%, and fundamentally other cryptocurrencies are subject the same risks, the total amount asset value lost much higher. more bitcoins are expected lost the future, but assumedly much lower rate due their increasing (albeit fluctuating) value. this problem not only affects cryptocurrency holder families, but the entire cryptocurrency ecosystem well. therefore paramount adapt sustainable industry-encompassing solution. demographics and segmentation bitcoin, virtual global currency, has been the topic much media, internet and policy discussion. little known about the characteristics bitcoin users, even though thousands businesses accept them payment. transactions with bitcoin are near anonymous due the cost associated with identifying user's electronic signature. although some convenience sampling bitcoin enthusiasts exists, systematic data collection has been done. since bitcoin far the largest and oldest cryptocurrency, safe assume, that the largest proportion cryptocurrency users are those who own bitcoin. because theoretical anonymity achieved due cryptocurrency encryption, very costly identify the user amount cryptocurrencies and their demographics. but there are some data available that allows describe the market situation bitcoin and their user base. digipulse.io since all the transactions that have ever taken place the blockchain are publicly available through blockchain explorers, also possible estimate the number bitcoin addresses. unfortunately, while transactional information, such balance, bitcoin address and the value the amount the public domain, the number addresses involved, time the transaction and volume, the parties involved remain private. nevertheless, this information allows estimate the amount bitcoin (see table bitcoin distribution) circulation. bitcoin distribution balance addresses addresses (total) coins (btc) $usd coins (total) (%) btc usd (%) (.%) btc usd (.%) (.%) btc ,,, usd (.%) (.%) btc ,,, usd (.%) (.%) btc ,,, usd (.%) (.%) btc ,,, usd (.%) (.%) btc ,,, usd (.%) (.%) btc ,,, usd (.%) (%) btc ,,, usd (.%) (%) btc ,,, usd (.%) there are total bitcoin addresses february belonging roughly ,,, the global population. unfortunately, difficult determine the precise number bitcoin users, but the amount addresses can provide some approximation. digipulse.io the data also reveals that bitcoin distribution amongst its users uneven. out all the addresses, the largest amount bitcoin addresses (.%) contain less than bitcoin, whilst the biggest amount bitcoins are all the addresses, which contain all the available bitcoins. while possible gather bitcoin address data, researching the characteristics the audience engaged the crypto community requires other methods. bitcoin community engagement gender female male data gathered from google analytics that illustrates demographics engaged cryptocurrencies regards gender displays significant predominance men relation women engaged cryptocurrencies, with for men and for women. research dedicated determining cryptocurrency user age groups found the younger generation more engaged cryptocurrencies compared other age groups. digipulse.io google analytics data bitcoin reveals that the demographic most engaged the bitcoin community the younger generation, namely the millennials (aged reaching the overall engagement. the second largest group consists the age group reaching .%. according research results, such data can supported with the fact that younger people tend more tech savvy and generally interested new ways investment. cryptocurrencies are especially attractive for the younger generation since they are more accessible than 'classical investment', have higher entry barrier from other age groups (which makes 'limited investment') and have been created technological advancement. bitcoin community engagement age while banks and other financial institutions have been struggling find ways connecting with millenials, cryptocurrencies overcame this stigma relatively short time period. the data also illustrates that even older generations are familiar with cryptocurrencies, they will still most likely not invest them all. the last reason for such age group disparity can attributed historic financial events, namely that millennials began generating their income after the financial crisis and many don't trust the tradicional financial services within the current system. digipulse.io market need the biggest issue with recovering lost cryptocurrencies not the legal aspects even bureaucracy, but the decentralized and unregulated nature the assets themselves. currently for someone access another's cryptocurrencies, they must possession specific identifying information. addition, single wallet can contain unlimited number unique identifiers linked mined bitcoins, all which should known order retrieve the entirety someone's cryptocurrency portfolio. the issue with transferring cryptocurrency ownership once account dormant/ inactive, not entirely unique. the true spirit cryptocurrency, there naturally centralised authority that could appealed fix this. bitcoin any other cryptocurrency owner passes away without sharing their account information, those coins are simply abandoned, which turn, decreases the overall amount the remaining assets. one the potential solutions would include person's cryptocurrency wallet information right alongside their bank accounts and other assets their will. unfortunately, this happens, anyone who can access the will would also able empty the wallet before recipient would able view it. another option prepare handwritten guide how access one's assets, online accounts and cryptocurrencies and hide secure location that only specific people know about. but this too has certain vulnerabilities, e.g. someone accessing such storage while the asset owner still alive the only other person privy the location meeting unexpected fate themselves. digipulse solves the aforementioned issues providing platform where users can encrypt their data and store distributed, decentralised manner. additionally, asset owners don't need notify their selected recipient(s) these assets beforehand, since the "api ping network" takes care automatic data distribution case user's activity drops zero. and because recipients are not informed about the existence any assets beforehand, they cannot access them. digipulse thus one the safest solutions currently available. digipulse.io service description/ technology digipulse service decentralised cloud storage with automated transfer ownership based activity signals received from connected api integrations. operates subscription-based saas platform. company, our primary development goal ensure that unencrypted data should ever leave user's computer and that the digital assets stored online could transferable case the original asset holders inactivity. addition, are always the lookout for vulnerabilities and ways which malevolent parties might want take advantage user data. the encryption part the service made possible the encryption key that the users themselves provide, which always kept only locally within the user's browser. recipient access recipient can gain access the contents vault only when the vault creator's activity has dramatically decreased for two sequential check-up periods. the recipient can obtain vault access following invitation email from digipulse access the contents the vault. gain access, the user must answer several security questions with the exact same answers the vault's creator, who wrote the questions. this will turn generate the same 'key' used encrypt the file contents. user can thus gain access vaults contents and download all files present. digipulse.io "pulse network" pulse network collection the user's online activity through various api integrations daily basis. the more integrations are connected the account, the more precise the activity tracking. the activity tracked through connected party api integrations and outgoing transactions the user's cryptocurrency wallet (refer the website see which cryptocurrencies are supported). the possible sources for recorded activities fall into two categories party api integrations and the digipulse api. activity from parties recorded via scheduled tasks run predefined time based interval that tailored for each service provider individually, depending their api specifications. digipulse api will record activity often connected service utilises the api endpoints. aggregated stats from these integrations allow digipulse determine the user's online activity and 'act' accordingly cases when this activity stops. the goal have dataset place precise enough for the user feel control and know that there will false-positive data releases. connecting with services through their apis variety services people use daily basis have the possibility being integrated into other products. name few facebook, twitter, gmail, dropbox, linkedin and others. integrations even allow using events for tracking user activity aggregated manner one place digipulse. this enables the aggregation all user activity one place, along with accurate understanding user's online presence, which near impossible not have the century. each time activity occurs one these services (opened email, 'like' some article post, etc.) counts activity contributing towards overall activity tracking within the digipulse service. digipulse.io digipulse api for full integration possibilities conjunction with party api integrations, the service offers its own api. this api can used services offer their customers opportunity connect their service with digipulse. once users connect their account their digipulse account, they can use this connected integration not only receive activity information, but also leave access this service the recipient 'easy-to-access' way. services which provide this integration their customers will receive information about the selected account recipient once digipulse stops receiving aggregated activity about the user's online activity, they can speed the process passing digital assets contacting the next recipient themselves. this would allow services reduce their customer churn rate and help them provide ease mind their customers, namely that their accounts will delivered the user's selected recipient(s). encryption 'encryption' certainly the most commonly used word when describing the digipulse service. everything encrypted, starting from the uploaded files, chunks which the files are split decentralised storage, emails when stored the database and, course, the access key for the recipient. aes--cbc encryption being used throughout the project. inheritance before addressing the technical aspects the process, important note that the digipulse service not alternative traditional inheritance model. the user still subject all inheritance laws their respective jurisdiction. inheritance merely one the use-cases that digipulse offers and means legally binding between the parties involved. digipulse.io the encryption process the access keys performed several steps prevent brute force attacks and increase stored data entropy. the access information encryption flow performed collecting answers (a) standard questions, then requesting user create custom questions (q) and provide expected answers these questions (a) that only they and the vault recipient would know. the encryption happens the following order: user provides answers questions locally; user creates custom questions and answers these questions; using all answers, 'key' created encrypt the recipient's access information (private key, passphrase); send the encrypted access information server where encrypted with custom key sequence and stored the database; use the first answers encrypt the custom questions and send the encrypted data the server and store the database. summarise digipulse servers receive encrypted sensitive information packages, both which are encrypted with the key which present only the creation time the user's browser and never sent out from the user's computer. file upload and access all files which leave the user's computer are encrypted with encryption key known only the vault's creator. there technically need share this key with the recipient, since for the simplicity the transfer procedure, the recipient required only know the answers the security questions. trezor integration has been added for additional security, which allows access vault and provide the encryption key without the necessity typing-in the encryption key every time vault access being performed. digipulse.io digipulse.io file storage the encrypted files are stored decentralised manner across all storage provider instances several copies, thus providing the necessary data redundancy case particular storage provider goes offline. the storage providers are incentivised receiving digipulse tokens form payment. the primary phase, the service will operate with limited storage space per vault. once there enough storage space allow further service scaling, this number will increased. each vault can have only one specified recipient. sending information two different parties will require two separate vault setups. data storage: centralised decentralised the service based the decentralised storage solution provided storj. digipulse used the openly available source code provide its own version file storage that enabled the set-up its own decentralised version utilising the storage space provided individuals who return gain dgpt tokens. when comparing both options, the seperate network was chosen favor flexibility terms improved security and custom functionality necessary provide the digipulse service. although encrypted files are distributed decentralised manner, the information necessary for the activity tracking, recipient contacts and billing state kept centralised due the limitations blockchain technology and security considerations. avoid the possibility brute forcing the secret questions, requests have rate limited, thus they need pipelined through centralised infrastructure. digipulse service might well adjusted the future operate fully decentralised architecture, but only when the technological solutions the market will allow for this setup, especially regarding the extensive features, which are required the activity tracking without the high risk factor. since digipulse subscription-based service, the unlikely case business insolvency, all users would notified. this therefore not risk factor. there are two digipulse.io scenarios that might occur digipulse terminates its services: user engaged online and actively using the service, they will get informed about the termination the service and choose new service secure their digital assets; user's selected recipient has been already contacted and the contents the vault have been delivered. ownership transfer the ownership transfer process happens follows: user's selected recipient informed through the predefined system channels communication (email, phone number). case non-response the digipulse team takes care manual attempts reaching out the person. all attempts fail, the vault then remains the system for period one year and deleted afterwards. privacy none the digipulse team members employees have access user data stored the servers. the data itself unreconstructable without the security answers the recipient the encryption key known only the vault creator. taking this into consideration, the only necessary user information email address, that can contact the vault creator case the activity drops. optionally, the user can provide their phone number, that can also try contact them via phone. there need perform kyc (know your customer) provide any other pii (personally identifiable information) use the digipulse service. for additional security, all information stored digipulse servers encrypted and nothing kept plain text, that even database breach were happen, the information retrieved would meaningless without the appropriate decryption tactics. these rules apply all pii too emails, phone numbers and other data. additional safety measure, digipulse complying with pci dss category saq-a standards data handling, which the type certification used financial institutions. digipulse.io risk factors just like for any other service, the main risk factor and primary system weak point the integrity and safety client's computer. malwares, viruses, keyloggers and any other malicious software can serve the weak point and compromise the security one's credentials. digipulse therefore committed providing the best possible guidelines and user practices towards safeguarding our user digital identities, with the practice execution falling upon the users themselves. there are currently two vulnerable security aspects. the first the decryption key for unlocking vault's contents. protect oneself, strongly recommend using hardware wallets handle the encryption/decryption process. this second aspect relates the provided answers and questions for the safekeeping the encryption key. since the task creating elaborate security questions and answers falls onto the users, recommend rising the challenge composing questions and answers not easily guessed deducted using social engineering. recipient verification one the methods avoiding the so-called "phishing" attempts gaining access one's vault contents, would perform identity verification the recipient before they can answer the remaining questions. the verification process optional, but highly recommended since this reduces the risk phishing significantly due the video based verification which the most precise and error prone way online verification. digipulse.io competitor analysis while it's obvious that the issue cryptocurrency inheritance requires sustainable solution, digipulse currently one the few services operating towards cryptocurrencysphere sustainability. the market already contains several differing services (and approaches) tackling the transfer ownership due the passing the original asset holder. some them include traditional methods, such deposit boxes, cryptographic key management firms and even saving one's keys personal vault, where everything would stored 'paper wallet' hardware file storage device (usb, hardware drive). analysing digipulse product and service competitors, two industries must taken into account: digital deposit box and vault providers; digital inheritance providers. several companies already operate within the 'digital safety deposit box' field, providing rather similar services. the main differences between these companies lie their respective value propositions, offered services and pricing. the same can said for the 'digital inheritance' market players, although these services involve little automation, with dramatically different price range. for the competitor analysis, each company was researched both individually and comparison other field players (see service feature comparison). digipulse.io digital safety deposit box market players: futurevault: https://www.futurevault.com/ versa vault: http://www.versavault.com/ fidsafe https://www.fidsafe.com/ dswiss: https://www.dswiss.com/en/ digital fortress: https://safedepositboxinsurance.com/digital_fortress/digital-fortress-main/ xapo: https://xapo.com/vault/ safekeet: https://safekeet.io/ digital inheritance (only) market players: (ico) mywish (inheritance only) https://mywish.io/index.html (ico) safe haven (inheritance only) https://safehaven.io/ third key solutions https://thirdkey.solutions/ service feature comparison name file deposit futurevault versa vault fidsafe dswiss digital fortress safekeet crypto inheritance bbc pricing individual n/a (coming soon) free individual usd n/a (coming soon) safe haven mywish third key soultions digipulse.io option for anonymity activity tracking xapo digipulse decentralised free n/a (coming soon) usd usd usd (in dgpt) usd overall, the 'digital safety deposit box' industry, can described new and unsaturated. most companies operating within the industry have directed their production efforts towards developing specific features, adapting their customer needs, with the majority providing file storage space and secure encryption. and while some the companies offer inheritance solutions for businesses and individuals, only select few are focusing delivering solutions for cryptocurrency owners; most market players are operating solely the field inheritance. the aforementioned competitor analysis demonstrates that all market players have their own strengths. what sets digipulse apart from other services, other than its product multi-use cases, the key feature users being able use the service completely anonymously, which other solution provides. currently, digipulse might even considered first mover within the industry blockchain based safety deposit boxes. successfully executed market entry strategy predicted ensure that digipulse conquers large market portion. digipulse.io business structure digipulse offers subscription-based service comprised two categories: "active vault" decentralized asset storage (both digital and crypto), which enables users remain anonymous and manage their asset transfer predefined recipients based automated trigger release mechanism; "pulse network" utilising third party api's, user's online activity supplied into the platform triggering the vault release mechanism alongside information about the subscribed services. the company plans provide digipulse's "pulse network" every user free charge. users will only pay monthly fee for their "active vault" ("active vault" pricing disclosed the website) "the service can either paid for digipulse tokens (dgpt) fiat currency the token price will about lower than that made fiat. the price difference made order stimulate the underlying token mechanics. digipulse will also gradually and continuously expand the "pulse network" integrating existing api's services into the network and on-boarding businesses through the integration the digipulse api into their services. token mechanics integral part the business the underlying token mechanism that put place sustain the operations digipulse. the incoming user payments will distributed into three categories: storage providers will receive "base" rate usd (dgpt/usd rate) dgpt (in case insufficient income from service usage, base "rate" will paid out from the company pool) all incoming payments made dgpt tokens (the distribution will afterwards happen pro-rata basis, depending the allocated storage space the minimum shared space eligible for receiving the reward gb): storage space reward usd (dgpt/usd rate)+%*incoming dgpt payments digipulse.io the foundation will receive all the incoming payments dgpt after subtracting the that are allocated for storage providers: foundation =(%-%)*incoming payments the company will manually evaluate the necessity refill the company pool utilising the incoming funds. the digipulse token token technical info: name digipulse token token ticker dgpt token type utility token* token standard erc decimals smart contract address: https://etherscan.io/address/xfcfedfebaeeaffffcfcbbdaca exchanges: the digipulse token traded the following exchanges: upcoin.com: https://upcoin.com/ cryptopia: https://www.cryptopia.co.nz/exchange/?market=dgpt_btc etherdelta: https://etherdelta.com/#dgpt-eth digipulse.io the company the digipulse foundation trust the sole owner and executor the digipulse project. the trust has attracted highly skilled and motivated professionals that are passionate about developing new blockchain-based applications. active project development started september with initial focus helping individuals discover digital assets accumulated their family members. this vision further evolved into having single space for 'all things digital' and utilising the existing network possibilities make the transfership process automated. this idea then received additional spin when the crypto-based service coinbase was added its scope. december saw updated brandbook and name change, from the more complex unobliterate the more memorable digipulse. the idea was further presented investors during leading baltic tech event techchill, where the initial investor feedback gave digipulse founders confidence that they were the right track, developing solution problem that has not been tackled yet. the initial project development was done during the founder spare time, while trying secure funding from the european fund "horizon when bitcoin saw huge price spike may the founders came realise that the majority the technologically savvy population catching with cryptocurrencies, thus switching the primary focus targeting crypto users and leaving the project's memorabilia aspect the secondary focus. truly believe that blockchain and cryptocurrencies are the future behind decentralised services. digipulse created crypto users, for crypto users. our ultimate mission ensure that each individual feels safe about their digital and crypto assets. for the legal opinion the utility token see appendix digipulse.io sources areiel case study for blockchain healthcare", mit media lab, http://www.symbolsurfing.com/largest-companies-by-market-capitalization, february st, roberts, j.j., rapp, november exclusive: nearly million bitcoins lost forever, new study says. retrieved from http://fortune.com//// lost-bitcoins/ top richest bitcoin addresses. bitcoin rich list. retrieved february from https://bitinfocharts.com/top--richest-bitcoin-addresses.html little, december bitcoin latest: third millennials will invested the cryptocurrency the independent. retrieved from https://www.independent.co.uk/news/business/news/bitcoin-latest-news-millennials-cryptocurrency-investment--london-block-exchange-a.html gitlen, october ethereum, ripple, and initial coin offering (ico) survey data report. lendedu. retrieved from https://lendedu.com/blog/ethereum-ripple-ico-survey-data-report/ digipulse.io appendix appendix