introduction with the circulation cryptocurrency becoming common, there need for additional information. the scope this "white paper" provide that information. you are under the impression that blockchain technology perfect and faultless, you are wrong. blockchain protocols can very slow, especially when tethered lengthy block times. for instance, the bitcoin protocol processes one block every minutes which conveys, average, transactions per second. digitalprice does better. october the cryptocurrency digitalprice was launched and traded under the symbol "dp". currently this coin can traded several well-known exchange platforms. the amazing team behind the development digitalprice describes their currency representing the "third generation cryptocurrency", introduced group cryptocurrency enthusiasts with the intent gain trust and provide value the crypto space. generation currency, not only are transactions secured, private and fast, you actually get paid for holding digitalprice coins. digitalprice uses the pos (proof stake) method consensus, and based the sha- algorithm. provides protection the network from malicious attacks and provides the staking mechanism that generates rewards for investors. www.digitalprice.org |page every seconds block reward coins mined and divided into two separate rewards, granting each block reward masternode operators and each block reward coin stakers. masternodes investors need lock coins order earn rewards and participate the network's governance system. for example, february with the price per "dp" and masternodes the network, the user earns average "dp" coins) daily for supporting the network. staking the investor can hold digitalprice coins "wallet" installed computer. the wallet kept online and available operate support the network, the user will earn rewards. the reward system based the weight the total possessed coins the network. coin specifications algorithm: the sha- cryptographic hash functions designed the united states national security agency (nsa) uses ticker sequence almost-unique, fixed size algorithm sha block time seconds bit hashes. this allows fair processing and block rewards coins distribution coins. known the one max supply million the safest and most sophisticated cryptographic hashes current use. can you trust your coin with us? course, and these are the reasons why: security: with the unique -bit hashes used this algorithm, secure. "one-way" cryptographic function and cannot decrypted back the original text. the increased complexity provides enhanced www.digitalprice.org |page levels security comparison several other algorithms that are not properly secured. effectiveness: the sha- algorithm quick compute, resistant pre-image and second pre-image attacks, and collision resistant. blocktime: the block time for bitcoin minutes, digitalprice block time averages seconds, significantly less than bitcoin. this allows for increased capacity the network. block reward: each new mined block generates new coins reward, distributed masternode operators and coin stakers who support the network. maximum coin supply: the maximum supply coins will capped million and will reached unique features and functions digitalprice coin key features that make digitalprice coin different include: proof stake (pos) one the unique features digitalprice that fully proof stake (pos) coin, which ensures increased protection and safety the network from malicious attacks. proof stake distributed consensus method that can used decentralized anti-spam systems. rather than the users performing certain amount unsecured computational work with expensive equipment (found pow consensus method many www.digitalprice.org |page cryptocurrencies), pos requires the user show ownership (or "stake") the coin. more simply, pos occurs when miner sets coins aside (like savings account), and uses their computer and software client validate network exchanges. the cryptographic estimations pos systems are substantially less complex for personal computers solve: the user must merely demonstrate possession predetermined minimum level the total accessible coin supply. for example, user possesses the coin supply, they would have the capacity mine all exchanges the digitalprice network. the digitalprice network also accounts for the "weight" the total system and the weight every one the coins that are currently staking the whole digitalprice network. weight measurement akin age; the longer coin has been staked, the greater the corresponding weight. the coin user's wallet that accessible for staking has weight which grows with the duration time that the coin has been staked, which will correspondingly increase the chances minting new coins through the pos system. instantsend instantsend service that allows for near-instant transactions, for nominal fee. through this system, inputs can locked specific transactions and verified consensus randomly-chosen masternodes the masternode network. conflicting transactions and blocks are rejected. consensus cannot reached, validation the transaction occurs through standard block confirmation. instantsend solves the double-spending problem without the longer confirmation times other cryptocurrencies. www.digitalprice.org |page private send privatesend coin mixing service which native the digitalprice network. its current implementation the service uses the masternode network add privacy transactions combining identical inputs from multiple users into single transaction with several outputs. due the identical inputs, transactions usually cannot directly traced, obfuscating the flow funds. privatesend makes digitalprice truly fungible routing payments fractions the total transaction amount through the masternode network, clouding the original sender. masternodes masternode server associated with the digitalprice network which ensures specific level execution and service associated with the privatesend and instantsend modes exchange. masternodes are compensated each block reward for their service part the pos consensus method. who can run masternode? anybody! the desired outcome the masternode system level decentralization that keeps the network safe from attacks associated with majority control network. however, order keep actors honest, the operation masternode requires the 'locking' digitalprice coins collateral which will forfeit the masternode operator acts malicious way. the coins are forfeit, the masternode will longer accepted the network and will therefore barred from receiving any further block rewards. while the intent the masternode network achieve decentralization, there harm users running multiple masternodes they will www.digitalprice.org |page able relay network information quickly while holding duplicates the full digitalprice blockchain. the more masternodes, the better and more secure the digitalprice network. digitalprice masternodes validate all instantsend transactions within seconds communicating each transaction across all nodes the network prevent double spending. when privatesend transactions are initiated, masternodes perform the work necessary make the transactions difficult trace, through mixing process. key features and notes: digitalprice coins are required operate masternode users may run multiple masternodes each block reward granted the masternode digitalprice coins divided daily between masternodes. pure pos coin roadmap and project the digitalprice team has been working hard ensure continuous security and development the network. the following list some the ongoing projects: scrypto.io scrypto online networking platform intended for both retail www.digitalprice.org |page cryptocurrency enthusiasts and cryptocurrency developers order bring producers and consumers together exchange content, desired products and services, and general information about the crypto space. scrypto will encourage the exchange tips hosting web wallets for number cryptocurrencies within each users profile, making very easy store, send, and receive cryptocurrency return for content. users may make groups, share information about coins and rewards, just build network the crypto space. addition the social function scrypto, the platform will offer the ability rate and host masternodes. rather than the user needing configure masternode their own hardware, maintaining up-time and paying for electricity and equipment, the user may host masternode with scrypto (paying nominal monthly fee) and not have worry about their own hardware and maintenance. www.digitalprice.org |page wallet development cryptocurrency wallet enables the user store and exchange coins with other users. encrypted software the user's personal computer that stores the private keys all coins the user's possession. the digitalprice wallet does not require any compiling coding ability set contained one executable file. the user recommended encrypt and back-up their wallet (further instructions can found digitalprice.org) for additional security. the digitalprice github, wallets are currently available for: (wallet gui//digitalprice-qt) windows macintosh www.digitalprice.org |page under development: linux android digitalprice.io cryptocurrency exchange digitalprice coin can found number different exchanges around the world including cryptopia, and coinexchange. addition these exchanges, the digitalprice team has launched their own exchange digitalprice.io, seeking provide place with reasonable listing and exchange fees for interesting new projects. all listing and trading fees will paid the digitalprice team and random intervals every few weeks, the digitalprice team will use these collected fees buy back digitalprice coin, thus providing additional demand for the asset. www.digitalprice.org conclusion the digitalprice team believes that their dedication, diligence, and clear vision has created cryptocurrency with promising future. digitalprice extremely fast, secure, and private cryptocurrency that creates income for the digitalprice users and investors. digitalprice, unlike other cryptocurrencies has use case: scrypto.io which utilizes only digitalprice coins payment method for the services provided the platform which include masternode rating, masternode hosting, cryptocurrency information sharing, blogging, and web wallets. www.digitalprice.org