ecosystem whitepaper author: dim foundation version: v.. date: dim ecosystem whitepaper abstract abstract the dim ecosystem (dim-e) cryptonized ecosystem that built the nem blockchain. the dim-e offers multiple products and services such dimcoin, dim currencies, dim cryptocurrencies, dim token, hybse, ibin, dim depotwallet, dim explorer, dimwallet and dimpay. the dim-e solution the inefficiencies the traditional systems. the traditional systems have problems such high fees, red tapes and multiple intermediaries. result, peer-to-peer and low-cost cryptonized platform necessary provide alternative traditional systems. risk disclaimer: use cryptocurrencies involves risk loss and may not suitable for every user. the valuation the dim may fluctuate and, result, participants may lose more than the original amounts with which they purchased the dim. before using cryptocurrencies, one should carefully consider one's objectives, level experience and risk appetite. negligent improper use blockchain based services may result loss. dim ecosystem whitepaper table contents table contents introduction cryptocurrencies blockchain technology nem blockchain dim foundation dim ecosystem dimcoin dim currencies dimcoin dim currencies dim token distribution rewards hybse tradable securities the hybse advantages using the hybse ibin dim ecosystem whitepaper table contents dim depotwallet private account multisignature account transactions nodes depotwallet functions dimpay dimpay foundation dimwallet dimpay consumer merchant dispute resolution why use dimpay visual representation the dim ecosystem conclusion references dim ecosystem whitepaper introduction introduction dim (data interchange module) offers cryptocurrencies (dimcoin, dim currencies and dim cryptocurrencies) that give their users access new cryptonized ecosystem built blockchain technology. the dim-e offer decentralized and cryptonized products and services. cryptonization the process dematerializing products and services into the blockchain. the ecosystem uses the internet things (iot) together with blockchain technology. iot the interconnection computing devices through the internet for the purpose sending and receiving data. traditional systems generally use iot its own. the fusion iot and blockchain the dim-e leads reduced transactional costs, intermediaries and increase efficiency. traditional systems have too many brokerage intermediaries increasing the cost transactions and some these costs have dedicated intermediaries. the dim-e multi-service ecosystem that participants can utilize peer-to-peer (pp) without limitations. the dim-e participants are full control their transactional accounts and wallets are made accessible with payments instantly made and confirmed. before understanding the dim-e, potential participants must understand cryptocurrencies and blockchain technology general. dim ecosystem whitepaper cryptocurrencies blockchain cryptocurrencies blockchain the introduction bitcoin satoshi nakamato created the cryptocurrency market and also introduced new technology called blockchain. cryptocurrencies are digital coins tokens built blockchain technology governed decentralized ledger systems with enhanced securities. cryptocurrencies use cryptography and shared public ledgers (blockchain) which make these digital coins secure, traceable and many cases anonymous. cryptography the science that enables users store sensitive information and transmit that information using mathematics encrypt and decrypt. cryptography and blockchain are also the foundations for the creation, mining, and harvesting cryptocurrencies. cryptocurrencies are decentralized nature, meaning that there central point concentration, therefore increasing their desirability for security conscious users. decentralization reduces the roles intermediaries, leading reduced transaction costs. this also eliminates the necessity backed central authorities such banks, governments and similar institutions. banks control the flow finance within geographical regions and they act individuals within the global financial ecosystem. decentralized platforms, the users are the entities that control the flow finances, data, etc. individual users operate collective within the decentralized platforms. blockchain technology allows for transactions done with complete accuracy because fusion computer technology, cryptography and database systems. cryptography utilized for encrypting messages the ledger, but more significantly, used for signing off transactions users and prove the authenticity transactions. with cryptography, blockchain does not require supplementary security solutions protect the authenticity transactions. the fusion the aforementioned technologies lead ledger system that immutable and irreversible, meaning that transactions cannot tampered after they have been signed and transferred transactions become final and there double-spending. blockchain's decentralized and nature means that the ledger eliminates need for data-centre and drc (disaster recovery centre) that houses core systems. the end result that the ledger will always and running. blockchain technology was popularized digital coins such bitcoin and ethereum. there are various blockchains the cryptocurrency market such as; nem, stellar, neo and various others. the dim and the dim-e are built the nem blockchain. dim ecosystem whitepaper nem blockchain nem blockchain the nem blockchain underpinned the consensus mechanism called proof-of-importance (poi). the poi similar proof-of-stake (pos), but the main difference that integrates behavior that trusted positive for the entire economy, while pos derives importance from the user's account balance. pos underpins peercoin. poi also has advantage over proof-of-work (pow), another popular system. pow underpins bitcoin. poi does not require large scale computing resources for maintaining the blockchain. the nem network emphasizes security and trust-less computing. the blockchain run network nodes operating together, configuration. the nodes record and verify transactions that are transmitted the network. block time (periodic intervals), these transactions are grouped together. the transactions then through hashing process that connects them previous blocks. the network has anonymous users and transaction fees are paid using xem. xem native cryptocurrency for the nem network and used pay for transaction fees. the nem blockchain the basis for the dim and dim-e, but the dim foundation oversees them both. dim foundation the dim foundation non-profit organization that responsible for the marketing, public relations, customer care and oversight the dim (dimcoin, dim currencies, dim cryptocurrencies and future dim denominated coins). the dim cryptocurrencies are discussed the dim section. dim cryptocurrency converting platform. some the profits received the foundation will utilized further improve the dim order increase the core value the dim-e. the dim foundation registered singapore but regional dim foundations can created there are enough ambassadors and promoters one region. the regional dim foundation will responsible for: collecting donations from that particular region creating events for the dim ecosystem and attending blockchain events run campaigns for the dim foundation recruit businesses into the dim ecosystem becoming central meeting point for ambassadors and promoters getting businesses listed the hybrid stock exchange (hybse) dim ecosystem whitepaper dim ecosystem dim ecosystem dim provides access cryptonized ecosystem called the dim-e (dim ecosystem). dimcoin was the first coin offer entrance into the dim-e. the dim-e offers services such cryptonization, cryptonized-equities, cryptonized-equity exchange trading, cryptonized-equity trading management, cryptocurrency exchanges, e-commerce, inter-business transactions, business solutions, software for conducting business, and cryptonized commodity trading and management. the dim-e endeavors encourage the use cryptocurrencies both individuals and institutions, thus paving the way for them enter the crypto-data market. the crypto-data market market where information, tradable items and services are exchanged the blockchain. within the ecosystem, equities are valued and exchanged using dim currencies. traditional systems, some third parties control finances and assets. these parties operate secrecy and the levels transparency are minimal. the ecosystem places the participants complete control their finances and equities. participants can transact with each other across the globe straight from their computers and hand-held devices. through blockchain, the levels transparency the dim-e are unmatched compared with traditional systems. the dim-e, the participants are control their accounts. only the participants have access their accounts depotwallet, the wallet blockchain storage and allows participants manage and trade all kinds cryptocurrencies and cryptonized-equities the ecosystem. participants can even loan finances amongst each other directly. contribution the development the ecosystem participants through the suggestion and voting processes. usage the dim-e increases convenience for participants. this achieved through dimcoin, dim currencies, dim cryptocurrencies, dim token, hybrid stock exchange (hybse), dim depotwallet, dimpay and other services that will introduced the future. potential participants can part the dim-e through using dimcoin, dim currencies, depotwallet, dimpay, hybse, hybse white label software, crypto-fiat exchange software and creating dim foundation office their region. dim ecosystem whitepaper dimcoin dimcoin dimcoin new offering the cryptocurrency market. the first time that cryptocurrency also gateway complete cryptonized ecosystem. dimcoin speculative digital coin that built upon the nem blockchain, making the coins low-cost and transparent. they have high confirmation speeds and they are available worldwide. dimcoin has quantity commitment billion coins. the coins are available cryptocurrency exchange platforms and are traded pp. the price dimcoin determined market forces and cryptocurrency exchange mechanisms. dimcoin available fractional amounts. there are levies charged for transacting dimcoin the dim-e and for general use. the levies form part the dim token payouts. the dim token payouts are rewards given dim token holders who have dim tokens more. dim currencies dim currencies are medium exchange the dim-e. they are not pegged fiat currencies terms their value and they have their own values precious metals and cryptocurrencies. dim currencies are not legal tender but they are the official data interchange modules the dim-e. the objective dim currencies bring the best qualities currencies the blockchain for cryptonized-equity, all kinds commerce and trade. dim currencies allow the crypto-community understand the price products and services within the dim-e. there will various dim currencies available. more information dim currencies will made available the dim whitepaper. dim eur dim chf dim euro dim swiss franc dim gbp dim british pound figure example different dim currencies. dim ecosystem whitepaper dimcoin dim currencies dimcoin dim currencies characteristics dimcoin dim currencies available worldwide tradable crypto-exchanges tradable e-commerce merchant purchasing dim ecosystem payments percentage levy fee manageable depotwallet figure dimcoin compared dim currencies. dim ecosystem whitepaper dimc token dim token the dim tokens were made available the public through the dimcoin initial coin offering (ico). ico crowdfunding initiative raise funds for blockchain based projects. there are only million dim tokens. the dim token holders get rewarded with percentage fees accrued from within the dim-e including through dimpay. dimpay payment system available the dim-e. the rewards are distributed dim payout which decentralized autonomous organization (dao). dao entity that run through rules encoded computer programs. the fees are charged when the dim (dimcoin, dim currencies, dim cryptocurrencies future dim denominated coins) and other dim cryptonized-equities are transferred within the dim-e displayed the table below. these rewards will conducted quarterly basis the dim token holders. dimcoin dim currencies dim cryptocurrencies (dim btc) cryptonized equities depot wallet transfer fee dimcoin transfer fee dim currencies transfer fee dim cryptocurrencies transfer fee based initial user specified dim currencies one-time setup fee figure the fees charged the dim-e. the accrued transfer fees can viewed the nem blockchain, this ensures transparency for the fees collected. dim token holders will able view the rewarded coins and cryptonized-equity that are transferred into their wallets seen the figure below. the rewards distributed are those collected from the transfer fees. dim ecosystem whitepaper distribution rewards distribution rewards fees dimcoin rewards account token holder (namj-xxxxxxxxxx) net fee amount (%) token holder (dekl-xxxxxxxxxx) token holder (cpsy-xxxxxxxxxx) figure distribution net fees. dim ecosystem whitepaper dimcoin the accrued transfer fees will not only for dim token holders, they will shared per the pie chart below. the accrued transfer fees are allocated follow; hybse dim token holders government cooperation funds hybse token holders governments cooperation funds figure the percentage share the fees accrued. the majority the collected fees (%) will the hybse. dim token holders with more tokens will receive the net fees collected according the percentage dim tokens their wallet addresses. the remaining the government cooperation funds that are fees collected for future cooperation with government agencies. for cryptocurrencies and blockchain based products truly mainstream, there has government cooperation. governments and blockchain based operations can have symbiotic relationship. the government cooperation funds will have collected fees and they will preserved for future cooperation with government agencies such tax authorities and future government frameworks such possible future transaction taxes. dim ecosystem whitepaper hybse hybse the traditional equity systems are defined red-tape, excessive fees and long waiting periods before trading can commence. they are also overwhelmed with too many intermediaries such brokerage firms, clearing houses and share registrars. too many intermediaries increase costs and decrease efficiency. the hybrid stock exchange (hybse) nem blockchain based platform that eliminates the aforementioned hurdles, allowing participants conduct business secure and efficient platform. the hybse online equity exchange that offers small and medium enterprises (sme) platform seek and access international capital. online cryptonized trading floor where buyers and sellers meet directly for exchange purposes. users can trade cryptonized cryptocurrencies, equities and commodities. the programming the hybse fused blockchain technology after the decision conduct trading using cryptocurrencies. the platform hybdrid-blockchain platform since traditional equity cryptonized order traded. trading the platform nature, eliminating the need for too many external intermediaries. the hybse accepts dual listing businesses that have approval from local authorities within their jurisdiction. businesses will need verify with local authorities their jurisdiction for possible additional requirements before listing the hybse. the dim currencies are recognized and permitted medium exchange the platform. users can obtain dim currencies from dim order trade. issuers will have their equities cryptonized the hybse before they are listed the platform. before cryptonized-equities are listed the hybse, they are required have international blockshare identification number (ibin). ibin identification number for cryptonized-equities the blockchain. participants will have their cryptonized instruments deposited into their depotwallet accounts, thereafter allowing them trade. more information will made available when the hybse whitepaper released. dim ecosystem whitepaper hybse hybse tradable securities hybse cryptonized-equities cryptocurrencies cryptonized-etc (exchange-traded commodities) cryptonized-etf (exchange-traded fund) cryptonized-etn (exchange-traded note) cryptonized-forex exchange cryptonized-index advantages using hybse low operational costs transparency quick clearing friendly and easy web interface trading innovative trading platform highly secure quality due diligence procedures dim ecosystem whitepaper ibin ibin the international blockshare identification number (ibin), identification number for equities that seek listed blockchain based exchanges. before the cryptonized-equities can listed they need ibin, which the blockchain equivalent international securities identification number (isin). isin identification number that utilized identify financial assets such securities traditional systems. ibin consist alphanumeric characters that are unique the respective cryptonized-equity, cryptonized-exchange traded commodities and other cryptonized products. the ibin structure consists two-letter code, nine-digit numeric identifier and single check-digit number together with blockshare identifier. the two-letter code identifies the issuer's country origin. the middle section, nine-digit numeric identifier, the international blockshare identification number that identifies the cryptonized-equity. the single check-digit plus the blockshare identifier are for security and blockchain identification purposes. every ibin ends with the letter indicate that equity traded the blockchain. similar isin, ibin not ticker that identifies equity exchanges. ticker symbols representing the same cryptonized-equity can different depending where they are traded. ibin the only shared denominator that identifies cryptonized-equity and traded blockchain offerings. the ticker symbols are placed after the ibin number. for example, vision, graphic design company, registered japan and listed y-exchange and s-exchange. both are crypto- equity exchanges. vision's ticker symbol y-exchange vs. vision's ticket symbol s-exchange vs. vision will identified jpb blockchain y-exchange and will identified jpb s-exchange. ibin the only shared denominator that identifies cryptonized-equity and traded blockchain offerings different blockchain exchanges. ibin does not issue ticker symbols, ticker symbols are issued the exchanges. ibin cannot issued twice. this due the process random production. ibin randomly and uniquely generated, the same numbers cannot reproduced twice. more information ibin can found the ibin whitepaper (ibin.io). dim ecosystem whitepaper dim dim cryptocurrency exchanges are digital platforms that permit users (buyers and sellers) trade cryptocurrencies against various other cryptocurrencies and the near future fiat currencies. exchanges offer different trade pairing options depending the type exchange. their pairing options include buying cryptocurrencies with other cryptocurrencies, buying cryptocurrencies purely with fiat currencies and buying cryptocurrencies with both fiat currencies and cryptocurrencies. there's niche market converting existing cryptocurrencies into coins built one blockchain that has been left untouched. this niche market that dim aims pioneer. dim cryptocurrency converting platform, the platform converts different cryptocurrencies into data interchange modules (dim) cryptocurrencies. dim project that was born from the problem high fees and slow confirmation speeds that are prevalent with other cryptocurrencies and blockchains. the second problem the numerous coins the market. there are over one thousand coins available the market and most them have their own individual wallets. this creates burden having multiple wallets and multiple passwords. the solution these problems duplicate the various cryptocurrencies single blockchain, one that has low fees and high confirmation speeds. the duplicated cryptocurrencies will able transacted high speeds and large quantities without the worries different transaction fees and multiple logins various wallets. the converted cryptocurrencies will duplicates (mosaics) the nem blockchain. dim the bridge that introduces the different cryptocurrencies onto one blockchain. the use one blockchain creates convenience for users and holders different cryptocurrencies. this due their cryptocurrencies being located and transacted one blockchain. dim will initially only convert bitcoin and ethereum into dim cryptocurrencies such dim btc and dim eth. the values the converted dim btc and dim eth will linked market prices the actual bitcoin and ethereum coins. additional coins will made available for conversion through dim per request the dim-e community. more information will provided when the dim whitepaper released. bitcoin dim dim btc ethereum dim dim eth btc etc figure example dim cryptocurrencies. dim ecosystem whitepaper depotwallet depotwallet depotwallet blockchain wallet that permits participants buy, sell, manage and hold dim and cryptonized-equities. dim and cryptonized-equities can globally accessed via computers and hand-held devices. participants can create account and they will receive private key and wallet file (.wlt). the private key, .wlt file and password they create will give participants access the wallet. the wallet has interface that user-friendly and simple operate. users not need have bank account set-up depotwallet account and the set-up free charge. the interface allows participants connect and communicate with nodes the nem blockchain. the information that displayed depotwallet information that received from the nodes. the wallet secure design, has decentralized consensus and can backed up. the depotwallet addresses are base- encoded. participants must have depotwallet receive their dim, cryptonized-equities and conduct business the dim-e. the wallet has innovative online banking encryption standards. the wallet can utilized for personal use through private accounts. simultaneously, can used for large scale business purposes via multisignature (multisig) accounts. depotwallet more than just wallet, also blockchain explorer for the dim-e based nem technology. being blockchain explorer, participants can view transactions. for more detailed transaction details, depotwallet participants can use the dim explorer (dimexplorer.io). the dim explorer reveals transaction details from every depotwallet address. the dim explorer preserves the privacy depotwallet participants, the explorer does not reveal passwords and other security related details. the use depotwallet and dim explorer create transparent ecosystem. dim ecosystem whitepaper depotwallet depotwallet private account when participants complete the registration process, their default account will private account. private accounts utilize public and private keys for encryption and decryption. participant's public key available for everyone see the dim-e and nem blockchain. that public key used encrypt information meant for that particular participant and only that particular participant can decrypt the information using private key participants forget their passwords lose their.wlt files, they can use private key access depotwallet. the participant loses the private key, the encrypted information including the dimcoin and the cryptonized-equities will remain inaccessible and thus lost the participant. the user must ensure the safety the private key making copies them and storing them secure places. depotwallet's management does not keep copies private keys and passwords cold data storage. multisignature account private accounts can converted into multisignature (multisig) accounts multisig accounts are demanding the network and thus generally have higher fees associated with them compared private accounts. the details the co-signatories must provided during the creation of, conversion multisig accounts. the number co-signatories capped co-signatories. the addition removal co-signatories from accounts require the approval all existing co-signatories co-sign and approve the adjustments. the participant being removed does not need co-sign during the removal process. multisig accounts are best suited for accounts with numerous participants with large sums dimcoin, dim currencies, dim cryptocurrencies cryptonized-equities. these accounts are best suited for corporations, non-governmental organizations other similar sized entities. multisig accounts are safer due the requirement number signatures before transactions are authenticated. co-signatories have hours co-sign transaction from its inception before becomes void. dim ecosystem whitepaper depotwallet depotwallet transactions nodes when new transaction created, delivered node. node server decentralized network that run users the nem blockchain. when node receives new transaction, places the transaction into its unconfirmed transactions cache. the node then broadcasts the validated transaction other nodes the network unconfirmed transactions reflected the dashboard unconfirmed and amounts not reflect the balance, only after they have been validated will they reflect. nodes receive harvesting (mining) fees for validating transactions the wallet. sender (depotwallet address) nodes (validating transaction) receiver (depotwallet address) figure how transactions are processed. functions depotwallet crypto exchanges dim dim crypto currencies e-commerce depotwallet blockchain wallet external apps external services figure how depotwallet functions. dim ecosystem whitepaper dimpay dimpay dimpay global payment system that fast, cost-effective and fully secure. dimpay aims disrupt the traditional peer-to-peer (pp), business-to-business (bb), business-to-consumer (bc) and consumer-to-business (cb) payment systems offering low fees, transparency, instantaneous and decentralized platform. the use dimpay will eliminate payment errors and inefficiencies that occur with brick and mortar merchants. this will achieved scanning quick response (qr) code from their mobile devices instead using cashiers. codes are two-dimensional codes that "were invented advancement the common one dimensional barcodes" mobile devices continue increase with popularity, the adoption codes and mobile payments have the potential increase. the code will the foundation for pp, and experience using dimpay. the use the code will eliminate the need for numerous participants such cashiers the payment process. the elimination numerous participants will lead decreased costs and increased efficiency and savings for both consumers and merchants. dimpay creation the dimpay foundation and comprises depotwallet, dimpay and dimwallet. the applications are interconnected and their functions supplement each other. depotwallet dimpay dimwallet figure dimpay interactions. dim ecosystem whitepaper dimpay foundation dimpay foundation the dimpay foundation separate entity from the dim foundation. the dimpay foundation will have its own board members and employees. the dim foundation will offer full support the dimpay foundation pilot project. dimpay will operate independently within the dim-e. the dim foundation has permitted the development dimpay outsourced exclusively the dimpay foundation. this ensure that the dim-e decentralized, not just the foundational blockchain level but the operational level too. dimpay foundation dimpay ecosystem dim figure dimpay interactions. dim ecosystem whitepaper dimwallet and dimpay dimwallet dimpay dimwallet and dimpay are mobile applications the dim-e. both applications will initially the same terms user interface, functions and features. the main difference that the user interfaces will themed differently. time, both applications will evolve unique participants both applications recommend improvements. the applications will receive similar significant updates such security features and performance upgrades. their functional updates will different. dimwallet dimpay figure dimwallet dimpay trajectory dimwallet mobile version depotwallet. dimwallet permits users trade and manage various cryptocurrencies together with cryptonized-equities. with dimwallet, participants will able trade and manage cryptonized-equities the go. dimpay for commercial use. participants will able "to make payments 'any time, anywhere', becoming less dependent the need carry cash which turn could reduce the risk theft". merchants will able receive payments for products and services. they will also able generate invoices. dim ecosystem whitepaper dimcoin the functions the dimpay will include some the following features: engage point sale payments engage carrier payments view and manage the funds make everyday transactions like sending remittance standing orders recurring payments such rent, insurance etc* direct debit procedures (creditors deduct the amount directly from the depotwallet account)* check balance the funds the account create invoice receive invoice status updates salary payments* expense payments* more functions will added the future *these are the goals for dimpay's future value added growth dim ecosystem whitepaper dispute resolution consumer merchant dispute resolution sale does not proceed manner that participants were anticipating, they can enter into dispute resolution dialogue (drd). the drd bipartisan (two-way) private chat between the consumer and the merchant. the consumer the aggrieved party, they can initiate the dialogue with the relevant merchant. the merchant the aggrieved party, the merchant can initiate the dialogue. the participants engage with each other find possible resolution. resolution cannot found, one both parties can choose escalate the matter into the dispute resolution negotiations (drn). drn tripartite (three-way) dialogue that involves dimpay foundation ambassador from their respective country. the ambassador will also act herein the arbitrator. the merchants will directed refund the consumer case the ambassador finds against their case. the ambassador cannot resolve the disagreement, the matter can escalated the dimpay foundation. the dimpay foundation will view the matter and try assist offering opinion the dispute. one both participants are still not satisfied, the matter can escalated the dimpay foundation members. the dimpay foundation members will then vote the opinions received from the dimpay foundation and offer their opinions. one both participants not accept the opinions and assistance from the dimpay foundation members, they can submit the matter local competent court their jurisdiction order resolve the dispute. dim ecosystem whitepaper dispute resolution consumer merchant dispute resolution consumer opens dispute dispute resolution dialogue (drd) the consumer and merchant enter into dialogue. the transaction confirmed, the sale final and the merchant keeps the funds. both parties acknowledge that the merchant the wrong, the merchant gives the consumer refund. resolution cannot found, one both parties can request escalation the dispute the dispute resolution negotiations (drn). dispute resolution negotiations (drn) the consumer and merchant enter into three-way negotiations with impartial dim foundation ambassador. the ambassador finds* favour the consumer, the consumer gets refund. the ambassador finds* favour the merchant, the merchant gets keep the funds. *the findings the ambassador are only opinions the dispute dimpay foundation offers opinion the dispute dimpay foundation members vote the opinions received from the dimpay foundation and offer their opinions one both parties not accept the opinions from the dimpay foundation members, they can submit the matter the court figure example consumer and merchant dispute resolution processes. dim ecosystem whitepaper why use dimpay why use dimpay? dimpay does not intend disrupt the manner which participants process payments. dimpay intends cryptonize and digitize payment processes order have cashless transactions. dimpay uses blockchain cryptonize the payment process that familiar participants. the familiar payment process for consumers involves paying for item using the local currency, such the euro indian rupee. the traditional payment process for merchants receiving payment for their inventory using local currency. local currencies make their accounting easier manage. making the payment process easier possible through the use dim currencies. the use dim currencies simplifies the process purchasing using cryptocurrencies. dim currencies allow the merchant invoices using the figures they are familiar with. dim ecosystem whitepaper dim ecosystem visual representation the dim ecosystem hybse dimcoin dim foundation dimpay foundation dimwallet dimpay depotwallet eco system dim currencies dim cryptocurrencies dim tokens dim explorer dim token payout ibin dim figure visual representation the dim-e. dim ecosystem whitepaper conclusion conclusion the dimcoin cryptocurrency that permits its users access the dim ecosystem. the dim ecosystem financial ecosystem built the nem blockchain. access the dim ecosystem achieved through using dimcoin, dim currencies, dim token, hybse, ibin, dim depotwallet, dim explorer, dimpay and other services that will introduced the future. the dim foundation oversees the dim ecosystem and the dimpay foundation oversees dimpay. the dim ecosystem truly decentralized, not just operational level but structural level. decentralization due blockchain allows the ecosystem offer the next generation financial services cost-effective and efficient. the ecosystem empowers its users eliminating too many intermediaries. dim ecosystem whitepaper references references nem, radicalizing the equity market landscape https://www.nem.io/wp-content/ themes/nem/files/radicalizingequitymarket.pdf nem, nem technical reference https://www.nem.io/nem_techref.pdf nem, what proof-of-importance (poi) and why better, and what vesting? https://blog.nem.io/what-are-poi-and-vesting/ coinmarketcap https://coinmarketcap.com/ cgi, public key encryption and digital signature: how they work? https://www. cgi.com/files/white-papers/cgi_whpr__pki_e.pdf nem, how use multi-signature accounts https://blog.nem.io/how-to-use-multi-signature-accounts/ asare, asare, 'the effective use quick response (qr) marketing tool', international journal education and social science, vol. no., pp. available from: http://www.ijessnet.com/wp-content/uploads///.pdf dennehy, sammon, 'trends mobile payments research: literature review', journal innovation management, vol. no. pp. available from: http:// www.open-jim.org/article/view//