dinero cryptocurrency white paper may "kids born today will look paper money digital money similar way that many millennials think about handwritten letters email." anthony pompliano, march page abstract crossing the adoption chasm vision little help for everyone decentralised governance budgeting team dinero coin specifications neoscrypt hash algorithm why asic-resistant? dark gravity wave masternodes block rewards currency supply coins mined per year roadmap dinero foundation acknowledgements problem solved cryptocurrency adoption doing good for our communities cooperation with legal authorities references page abstract dinero open source cryptocurrency based bitcoin and dash which provides fast private transactions along with low/no transaction fees. dinero incorporates many the improvements which dash has made top bitcoin well the addition asic resistant hashing algorithm called neoscrypt avoid any undue centralisation mining resources. dinero uses fully decentralised governance and budgeting system which enables our community have full democratic control over the allocation budgets for both our charitable goals well long-term sustainable source funding develop, promote and maintain the dinero project into the future. addition our intention make dinero commercially successful and widely adopted century digital currency intend have positive impact the world sharing abundantly those who are less fortunate than us. page crossing the adoption chasm satoshi nakamoto proposed revolutionary idea that fully realised would have profound effect how commerce was conducted. satoshi proposed that purely peer-to-peer version electronic cash would allow online payments sent directly from one party another without going through financial institution []." satoshi's vision actualised bitcoin, the first and largest cryptocurrency measured market capitalisation. cryptocurrencies like any other revolutionary technology through what the eminent american communication theorist everett rogers referred pattern diffusion innovations" his work []. rogers hypothesises that innovations must widely adopted self-sustain and that when faced with discontinuous innovations, users fall into five broad categories along axis risk-aversion. the categories users are; innovators early adopters early majority late majority laggards. page according the satoshi nakamoto institute [], took from creation until early for bitcoin adoption migrate from 'innovators' 'early adopters.' whe ppl oge imate hat cryptocurrencies are still relatively early the "early adopter" category adoption. rogers hypothesis well supported with previous technology innovations such the introduction personal computers and the adoption the internet. management consultant and author geoffrey moore built substantially rogers' work his book 'crossing the chasm' where part, characterised the differences between 'early adopters' and 'early majority' participants. addition this re-categorises the user groups follows; page innovators technology enthusiasts early adopters visionaries early majority pragmatists late majority conservatives laggards skeptics moore proposed that 'early majority (pragmatists)' participants were much more conservative, risk-averse, and substantially more practical than their innovator (technology enthusiasts) counterparts. this difference gives rise critical gap, which moore called the 'chasm'; this represents adoption hurdle between the 'early adopters' phase and 'early majority,' mainstream markets. dinero, believe that one the most significant challenges facing cryptocurrencies this writing bridging this gap. page vision 'our vision enable everybody easily conduct financial transactions with anybody they choose with ease, privacy and dignity without the need involve seek permission from third parties.' addition our desire create broadly adopted and sustainable cryptocurrency, also have firmly held belief that our moral responsibility give back abundantly those who are less fortunate than us. with cryptocurrencies general, and dinero particular coming from small user base acknowledge that our vision lofty. mitigate this, plan taking individual subsets the overall market developing solutions solve real-world problems which are not only acceptable "early majority" users but are fact more desirable than the traditional alternatives. page little help for everyone "the curse poverty has justification our age. socially cruel and blind the practice cannibalism the dawn civilization when men ate each other because they had not yet learned take food from the soil consume the abundant animal life around them. the time has come for civilize ourselves the total, direct and immediate abolition poverty." dr. martin luther king jr. dinero one our most important goals improve the lives our users all our users. hand-ups versus hand-outs financial inclusion well-established mechanism reduce poverty, create employment and advance sustainable economic development agenda. while traditional banking has become modestly more accessible the past five years, the world banks global financial inclusion index reports that there are still approximately billion adults globally who are unbanked. the unbanked people surveyed cited affordability key obstacle, other barriers account-opening were the distance from financial service provider, lack necessary documentation papers, lack trust financial service providers, and religion []. while dinero isn't panacea for all these issues, believe can resolve many the common friction points with the provision basic blockchain enabled financial services any commercially available smartphone. page while many people simply need access level playing field some people need little extra help. live world abundance. dinero, feel both morally the correct thing do, well making good business sense make the world better place sharing generously with people who are less fortunate than us. page decentralised governance budgeting most organisations find governance challenging; can doubly for decentralised project like dinero. once our governance system becomes active block important decisions about the core project will made the network. governance and budget proposals can submitted either for the advancement the dinero project, which accepted can then actioned the core team; fund in-house thirdparty charitable projects which help meet our philanthropic and charitable goals. addition governance benefits, the decentralised governance budgeting system also provides means for dinero both fund its own development, and fund our charitable work. dinero will use the block reward for these purposes. every time block mined, the reward will the miner, will masternode, and the remaining will not created until the end the month. during the month, anybody free submit budget proposal the dinero network. their proposal approved least the masternode network, then the end the month series "superblocks" will created. that time, the block rewards that were not paid out each block) will used fund approved proposals. the network thus funds itself and charitable projects reserving the block reward for these budget projects. page budget allocation the total budget the network can calculated taking the reward over the period time between two superblocks, which occur every blocks approximately days. voting cutoff occurs before the superblock, and the final votes are tallied this point. proposal must satisfy the condition (yes votes votes) (total number masternodes order considered passing. then, the superblock, the winning proposals are awarded the order the margin which they are passing until either the entire budget allocated more passing proposals exist. this allows for completely trustless and decentralized allocation the budget. budget oversight oversight over budget allocation will needed. each budget proposal will require the proposer periodically report budget expenditure and completed work show the value created from the allocated funds. this will allow repeat proposals build reputation and gain trust from the community. proposals which not provide regular reports cannot answer questions about their budget allocation will soon defunded part regular monthly proposal cycle. the result kind self-policing system. any unallocated budget simply never created the superblock, thus reducing unnecessary coin inflation. page team tim (co-founder) tim native new yorker living new jersey. master many things and addition his degree information systems owns and runs his own computer repair business. tim has significant cryptocurrency mining experience and takes particular interest finding new and novel ways marketing the dinero project. his spare time, tim avid miata track racer. castminer (co-founder) castminer cryptocurrency trader/miner and full time specialist with years professional experience ranging from technical support remote deployment. born the philippines castminer currently lives kuala lumpur, malaysia. his interest cryptocurrency began when bitcoin mining was still possible with personal computer. temporarily ceased mining bitcoin after the introduction asic mining hardware but has since gotten re-engaged gpu mining alt-coins. mindminer (community support) mindminer aka andy software engineer and manager with over years professional experience specialising sql and programming, business systems automation, and production management. was born new jersey and relocated massachusetts after receiving his bachelor's degree from umass amherst. also experienced musician and recording engineer, andy has logged over live performances and has recording credits dozens albums. page became interested cryptocurrency the summer and dove head first. built his first mining rig november and joined the dinero team february yoyae (developer) yoyae aka francois top i.t. engineer with more than years specialist experience back-end and mobile applications world-renowned companies. began his crypto career building automated trading bots and then continued successfully develop monitoring tools, wallets and core code for several neoscrypt and cryptocurrencies. page dinero coin specifications ticker din prefix encryption algorithm neoscrypt block reward din reward reduction per year block time target seconds block size network port rpc port diff retargeting algorithm dark gravity wave masternode collateral din estimated coin circulation million din premine million) neoscrypt hash algorithm neoscrypt modern proof work (pow) algorithm designed john doering replace scrypt. designed "asicresistant" algorithm for gpu mining, and requires ram well gpu power solve. ram requires more area the chip than cpu-based designs, making the production highpowered asics unprofitable. page why asic-resistant? since their introduction, application specific integrated chip (asic) devices have centralised the process bitcoin mining substantial degree. believe that there are significant benefits keeping mining decentralised possible, including protecting the network from abuse and interruptions well providing fairer system all involved. dark gravity wave dgw dark gravity wave open source difficultyadjusting algorithm for bitcoin-based cryptocurrencies that was authored evan duffield, the developer and creator dash. dinero uses version dgw continually adjust the difficulty levels every block (instead every blocks like bitcoin) based statistical data from recently found blocks. this makes possible issue blocks with relatively consistent times, even the hashing power our network experiences high fluctuations. masternodes dinero masternodes are full nodes running the same wallet software the dinero network. addition providing additional services the network such coin mixing for increased privacy transactions, instant send and being central part the decentralised governance and budgeting system, masternodes are also becoming more important for network stability more people decide forgo running full node themselves desktop computer favour lite wallet that does not require downloading the entire blockchain. for providing these valuable services, masternodes are rewarded with portion the new dinero created each new page block until block then %). this serves passive income for masternode owners even after they have paid their vps costs. block rewards year reward din din din din din din din din din din year page reward din din din din din din din din din din currency supply coins mined per year page roadmap cryptocurrencies are nascent and unprecedented innovation. have firm vision for where see dinero the future; however, with both the technology and the regulatory environment evolving increasingly rapid pace, can sometimes difficult predict how get from here there. this basis, principle favour the concept using "compasses versus maps", that that have certainty about the direction which are heading, but retain significant degree flexibility about how get there. this end, believe that our vision equally important our roadmap and every item that makes onto our roadmap must measured ensure that leads towards our vision. addition this, wanted keep our roadmap dynamic order incorporate the decentralised governance proposals from our community. for these reasons, decided implement dynamic roadmap our website rather than fixed point-in-time roadmap. page the time writing the items our roadmap are follows; original concepts code development dinero released release windows, linux and osx wallets dinero team established dinero trading exchanges community members release ios wallet apple play store release android wallet google play launch web wallet launch paper wallet launch masternode governance monitoring website launch dinero website publication whitepaper listing decentralised exchanges first atomic swap with another coin launch governance system first superblock payouts charity partnerships initiate digital marketing plan dinero merchant solutions dinero foundation dinero craft marketplace dinero conference page dinero foundation order ensure the the ongoing success and transparent operations the dinero project, the core team intend setting the dinero blockchain foundation ("foundation"). the foundation will mandated develop the dinero blockchain, advocate governance transparency, promote the project internationally and ensure that the project's philanthropic and charitable goals are met. the objective will have the dinero blockchain foundation have its own separate legal status and registered appropriate jurisdiction "not-for-profit" entity. acknowledgements the dinero project would not have been possible without the prior work satoshi nakamoto, the bitcoin core developers, the dash core developers, john doering and extensive list other talented and generous contributors. are both humbled and proud part the open-source community, and hope that time too can add value that others can utilise for the benefit society. are also incredibly grateful our passionate community members who have helped every step the way. page problem solved highlighted the abstract there are two main challenges wish address with dinero. cryptocurrency adoption doing good for our communities cryptocurrency adoption believe that cryptocurrencies have bright future. when examine the market through the lens the "early adopters", clear that the market saturated with more than enough offerings satisfy most users this category. unfortunately, many cases, there little differentiation from one cryptocurrency solution the next. when look the market from the perspective the average "early majority user" becomes clear that few the existing solutions are making any significant effort "cross the chasm" between these user types. highlighted both moore and rogers these user groups have very different sets expectations and the products and services which are appropriate for the early adopters are almost never suitable for the early majority users. one the first steps our journey, released both mobile phone apps and web-based wallet. these provide first step which hope will help make easier for users, but are fully aware that there significant distance beyond this. believe that the overwhelming prevalence desktop wallets cryptocurrency when compared most other technological innovations the past decade should give clue any keen observers where the next innovations needs occur. addition the obvious mobility and device requirements, need concentrate significant resources page research and improve user interfaces, experiences, and use cases. addition improving user interfaces and user experiences also need address head the fundamental challenge that the "early majority users" will bring. early majority users are seeking solve real-world problems the most efficient way possible rather than exploring the technology for the sake technology. top this, they are much less tolerant when comes counterintuitive concepts and interfaces, and expect have significant body work re-imagine par the user experience accommodate this group. they are typically expecting fully formed product that evolutionary improvement what they are used to. unfortunately, our experience suggests that many new, wouldbe users cryptocurrencies find the technology, concepts, interfaces, and sometimes existing user communities unapproachable and tend avoid the technology entirely rather than deal with the abasement the innovators and early adopters. order solve these challenges, need work many areas parallel. while ultimately aspire have dinero use everyone, recognise that are targeting everyone, will likely reach one. avoid this trap, have decided identify specific user groups and use cases where cryptocurrencies are capable providing significantly superior solution the traditional alternative. will then develop end-to-end solutions for these users and use cases and work through these implementations methodically achieve satisfactory outcome. combination with developing new solutions page believe there requirement drastically rethink the user interface that users are expected use. page doing good for our communities societies grand challenges when reflect our ever-changing society, clear that one hand live world abundance. despite this abundance, significant levels injustice and inequality remain for many people. world leaders the united nations general assembly formally adopted the agenda for sustainable development which set out goals for better world the goals for better world are: goal end poverty all its forms everywhere goal end hunger, achieve food security and improved nutrition and promote sustainable agriculture goal ensure healthy lives and promote well-being for all all ages goal ensure inclusive and equitable quality education and promote lifelong learning opportunities for all goal achieve gender equality and empower all women and girls goal ensure availability and sustainable management water and sanitation for all goal ensure access affordable, reliable, sustainable and modern energy for all goal promote sustained, inclusive and sustainable economic growth, full and productive employment and decent work for all goal build resilient infrastructure, promote inclusive and sustainable industrialization and foster innovation goal reduce inequality within and among countries goal make cities and human settlements inclusive, safe, resilient and sustainable goal ensure sustainable consumption and production patterns page goal take urgent action combat climate change and its impacts* goal conserve and sustainably use the oceans, seas and marine resources for sustainable development goal protect, restore and promote sustainable use terrestrial ecosystems, sustainably manage forests, combat desertification, and halt and reverse land degradation and halt biodiversity loss goal promote peaceful and inclusive societies for sustainable development, provide access justice for all and build effective, accountable and inclusive institutions all levels goal strengthen the means implementation and revitalize the global partnership for sustainable development each goal can categorised into one more the following categories; people, planet, prosperity, peace and partnership. some our observations regarding these goals include the fact that they are tough argue with, after all, who wouldn't want end poverty, hunger, ill-health and inequality? additionally believe that dinero can play part the "people" and "prosperity" categories. have identified several amazing people and organisations who are already doing incredible things make our world better place. clearly, there enough poverty, injustice, inequality and wrongdoing the world around and there need for unnecessary competition "right these wrongs". instead re-inventing any wheels, believe that when find person organisation who already striving for better world, the best approach for dinero might support the excellent work others with either financial assistance community support. for example; recently came across project called crypto for cucuta.[] the project aims distribute $,, usd cryptocurrencies influx venezuelan immigrants into the city cucuta who have fled their country because page hyperinflation and subsequent economic decimation caused the mismanagement their natural resources, economy and currency. the crypto for cucuta team and other cryptocurrency projects already have robust plan place, rather than duplicating effort the dinero community and team decided that providing financial assistance was the correct course action this case. the other hand, there are unfortunately many people and communities who need help, and many problems that remain unsolved. regarding these challenges, there are two broad approaches could take; support our community finding appropriate solution and then help through governance budget proposals and project support. engage more directly having the dinero foundation partner with third-party organisation directly address the challenge. balancing the commercial nature cryptocurrency with our social mandate. doing good not only our moral imperative, believe the best possible marketing and strategy our modern world. notwithstanding the fact that digital media companies including google, facebook, twitter and linkedin have all recently forbidden marketing cryptocurrency projects have always believed that being socially responsible was one the best ways promoting dinero. people general and millennials particular, are increasingly suspicious information they receive from marketing and advertisements []. people are longer swayed brands with entertaining ads. particular, digital natives are likely page question advertiser's authenticity and true motives behind any flashy advertising campaign catchy slogans. rather than spending money independently advertising and promoting dinero, feel that spent the same money making our world better place can create kind virtuous cycle that benefits everyone involved. for example, fund given project, addition the warm feeling satisfaction get from doing the right thing, can also expect many cases get some positive public relations and marketing opportunities from our engagement. would expect that positive and marketing would attract more people dinero which should have positive impact the $din exchange rate. positive increase $din value, turn, makes possible have even more significant impact with our future governance funded projects, which should lead even more and better and marketing opportunities. see this truly win-win scenario. page caution regarding forward looking statements except where expressly indicated, the statements and information set forth this whitepaper are not intended recite current historical facts, and constitute forward looking statements. forward-looking statements may include the words "may," "will," "could," "should," "would," "believe," "expect," "anticipate," "estimate," "intend," "plan" other words expressions similar meaning. these forward-looking statements are based the current beliefs, plans, objectives, goals, expectations, anticipations and/ intentions the dinero team with respect future events. although the dinero team believes that the expectations reflected the forward-looking statements are reasonable, the dinero team cannot guarantee the successful establishment operation its systems and business any future results, level activity, performance achievements. many factors discussed this whitepaper otherwise affecting the matters discussed herein, some all which may currently unknown the dinero team beyond the dinero team's control, will important determining the ability the dinero team establish and operate its systems and business. consequently, actual results may differ materially from those that might anticipated from the statements and information set forth herein. light these and other uncertainties, the statements and information set forth this whitepaper are for informational purposes only, should not relied upon making any purchase other decision, are subject change, and are not intended establish indicate any representation, warranty, commitment, undertaking, promise contract made the part the dinero team any person. the dinero team does not undertake any obligation publicly update any forward-looking statements, whether result new information, future events otherwise, except required law. page disclaimer this document for informational purposes only and does not constitute offer solicitation sell shares securities the dinero project any related associated enterprise. please read the risk disclosures the end this whitepaper. the dinero team may make changes this whitepaper. please visit dinerocoin.org for the most recent version this whitepaper. the dinero team expressly disclaims any and all responsibility for any direct consequential loss damage arising directly indirectly from reliance information this document any error, inaccuracy, omission this document any action resulting from information contained this document. dinero, the time writing, can only traded limited number cryptocurrency exchanges. are virtual concept that exist only the blockchain. all mentions dinero coins they were physical objects are approximation the digital objects. all participants, holders, and consumers dinero coins understand they are still early development, and carry significant regulatory, operational, and technical risks. obligation determine purchaser can legally purchase dinero the dinero team have not and not intend sell dinero coins any individual. the responsibility each purchaser dinero determine whether they can legally purchase dinero their jurisdiction. page updates terms the dinero team reserves its sole discretion, the right modify, remove, add terms the "terms and conditions" section the dinerocoin.org website https://dinerocoin.org. acceptance terms purchasing, acquiring mining dinero, each participant represents that: they have read understood the risks outlined the whitepaper. they can legally purchase acquire dinero their jurisdiction. they are sufficient legal age purchase acquire dinero their jurisdiction, that they have parent has received permission from legal guardian who has read accepted the terms. they represent and warrants that the participant will take sole responsibility for any restrictions and risks associated with the purchase acquisition dinero. they are not purchasing dinero for the purpose speculative investment. dinero may not have value there guarantee and reason believe the dinero you purchase will increase value. may decrease value, and may become worth nothing. dinero not evidence ownership having dinero does not grant any control ownership equity the dinero team its products. dinero ownership does not grant any right participate the control decision making the dinero team. page risk disclosure risk lack adoption dinero could fail become widely adopted. this case, dinero coins would have limited value because they not represent fundamental value. risk losing dinero due loss credentials end-users dinero may associated with the dinero wallet which held. the loss private key other credentials the wallet may result the loss dinero. risk disruption the ecosystem exchange other liquidity provider the cryptocurrency ecosystem could hacked. bunch coins could flood the market and affect dinero's market price. risk sharing credentials any third party that gets access end-users credentials, may able destroy steal the funds. risk security breaches the dinero team the dinero team's servers could hacked, and the private keys other confidential information could leaked. regulatory risks bitcoin, ethereum, and other blockchains have been subjected scrutiny regulatory bodies around the globe. the value dinero could decline regulatory bodies take actions that could impede, limit, provides disincentives the development use dinero. page risk cryptographic weaknesses breakthroughs cryptography risk that advances technology, that weaknesses the cryptography dinero, could result loss theft dinero. risk bug malfunction modern software development, bugs malfunctions may occur. possible that bug malfunction could programmed into dinero, dinerocoin.org, such that loss dinero occurs. risk dissolution the dinero team possible that the dinero project may longer viable project and may dissolve. unanticipated risks cryptocurrencies are new technology. addition the risks presented above, there are risks that the dinero team cannot anticipate. combinations risks possible that any the above events could combine, many different permutations, that would represent threat the value dinero. future risks more risks may materialise the future. page cooperation with legal authorities the dinero team will cooperate with any law enforcement inquiries required law, provided they are supported and documented the law their relevant jurisdictions. you are law enforcement, please aware however that decentralised system not store have access any extra user information, other than what readily accessible the dinero blockchain. contact the dinero team behalf law enforcement, please email support@dinerocoin.org page references https://twitter.com/apompliano/status/ nakamoto, satoshi, bitcoin: peer-to-peer electronic cash system https:// bitcoin.org/bitcoin.pdf, rogers, diffusion innovations. new york: free press, end the fed: hoard bitcoins http://nakamotoinstitute.org/mempool/end-the-fedhoard-bitcoins/ moore,geoffrey crossing the chasm. harperbusiness, king, martin luther jr. where from here: chaos community?. beacon press. https://openknowledge.worldbank.org/bitstream/handle/ //.pdf http://phoenixcoin.org/archive/neoscrypt_v.pdf https://dinerocoin.org/roadmap/ https://sustainabledevelopment.un.org/post/transformingourworld http://www.cryptocucuta.com/ https://cmr.berkeley.edu/blog///millennials-and-csr/#fn page page