executive summary the fact shows that the development bitcoin and altcoin with all aspects the business formed its existence until now only able touch small part the entire world community. our observations show that those who are directly involved the crypto-token world today are only people who always follow have interest the development computer technology, internet, online business, and online trading. meanwhile, most the other world communities have not even known about the existence crypto-token all. our opinion, new invention technology will accepted easily the invention technology able give benefits that can felt directly all levels society. almost everyone familiar with bitcoin and altcoin right now, but only few people understand the benefits from the existence products those cryptography and blockchain technology. believe that the benefits all products produced from cryptography and blockchain technology can felt directly all levels society, the growth rate crypto-token users worldwide will increase sharply. based these conditions, decided build diruna community project and launch diruna tokens directly introducing one the benefits that cryptography and blockchain technology products can provide through practical application crypto-token ecosystem. community-based cultural approach building diruna token ecosystems every neighborhood the main strategy that will use introduce crypto-token ecosystems all levels society the world. hope that what through diruna community project able overcome the information gap and increase the number crypto-token users worldwide. this white paper, will clearly describe our vision, mission, strategy, and overview the pilot project that are working indonesia. your support and participation joining the existing diruna community forming new diruna community the region country wherever you are, will help accelerate the achievement this project. diruna community project www.diruna.org table contents executive summary table contents introduction cultural approach basic needs campaign loyalty point online marketplace stellar distributed exchange (sdex) diruna token ecosystem our vision our current mission overview socialization phase stellar blockchain network diruna token distribution loyalty point program socialization phase community development project operational costs diruna foundation our team roadmap conclusion disclaimer diruna community project www.diruna.org diruna community project www.diruna.org diruna community project project that was built overcome information gap about crypto-token the community that have not known not yet know indepth how the products produced from cryptography and blockchain technology are actually able implemented and provide benefits for the entire humanity. this project also expected eventually able increase the number crypto-token users, which still very low compared the total population the world. are targeting reach ordinary people who not know all about the world crypto-token and its application everyday life. the approach used designed such way that the process introduction and learning for common people can take place easily, pleasantly, profitably, and rebuild the spirit teamwork and mutual help each individual who involved this project. the introduction and learning process carried out building communities and forming diruna token ecosystem neighborhoods where residents live every region, city, country. the diruna token ecosystem that have developed consists three parts: community, loyalty point, and online marketplace. believe that the process introduction and learning will take place quicker involving everyone into the ecosystem. cultural approach basic needs campaign cultural approach fostering spirit cooperation help each other the basic principle that use building diruna communities. the biggest challenge for this project lies the process gathering and uniting many people with different backgrounds community. undeniable that uniting many people with different backgrounds community move together and achieve the same goal not easy thing do. need something that able make all the people who join the community want consciously. humans are social beings who not like alone. other words, humans tend everything groups together with other humans. one the reasons choose build communities small scale residential neighborhoods make easier for manage and direct the community. the basic human instinct for grouping with other human beings who have similarities with themselves helps minimize differences that able divide the community. diruna community project www.diruna.org fig. humans tend everything group use the basic needs campaign create conditions for people consciously and actively involved all activities diruna community that are built their neighborhoods. the principle simple, everyone has basic needs that must fulfilled periodically order live life socialize their neighborhood. when these basic needs are not met, the person's life will disrupted. the basic needs campaign used make people interested because there are routine needs that can fulfilled, they will finally want join the community with full awareness. campaigns carried out emphasizing the fulfillment basic needs using loyalty points obtained joining the community. will certainly attract many people. the interest from new persons through the basic needs campaign the main trigger that will encourage these people find out more about the community. promotional methods like this are actually not new the world marketing, and use them because the promotion method able touch the emotional sides new people that invite join the community better. diruna community project www.diruna.org loyalty point have you ever been shopping supermarket shop that gave certain number points the form coupons because you have shopped their place? points the form coupons that you get are form reward loyalty points given supermarket owners shop owners for your loyalty, because you have been shopping their place. the points that you get can exchanged for certain products, and you can only redeem loyalty points with the products provided you have sufficient number points for each product you want. the loyalty point concept what later adopted through this project, used developing the diruna token ecosystem the neighborhoods throughout the world. ecosystem development begins with building the diruna community first. then, every member the community who has fulfilled the requirements will given loyalty point the form digital token called diruna token, regularly every day. the loyalty points obtained the community members are form appreciation given each member long they join diruna community. loyalty points the form diruna token that obtained each member the community can exchanged for certain products services provided online marketplace. the online marketplace, every member diruna community can freely choose the product service exchanged for the loyalty points that she gets. online marketplace only become place display products services that can exchanged using loyalty points obtained community members. owner the online marketplace not provide products services that can exchanged with loyalty points, but these products and services are actually provided members the diruna community itself. fig. loyalty point form coupon diruna community project www.diruna.org the loyalty point function the form diruna token this project similar with the coupon point given the supermarket owner the shop owner where shop. the coupon point given form appreciation because have already shop their place. the only difference diruna token lies its digital form, its flexibility, relatively safe from counterfeiting, and can moved quickly. loyalty points the form diruna tokens that are given regularly every day are awards given each member who decides join and become part the diruna community. online marketplace online marketplace concept that grew after the development internet was able make the trade process develop rapidly throughout the world. its wide reach able penetrate national borders and reach out the corners countries. use the online marketplace concept storefront display products services that can exchanged for loyalty points. every member the diruna community who has loyalty points can quickly and freely choose the products services that they want visiting the website address the available online marketplace. the online marketplace this project plays key role the process creating healthy diruna token ecosystem the community. designed the online marketplace place exchange the loyalty point obtained each member the community, with products that are available. the products the online marketplace this project come entirely from the members the diruna community itself. every member the diruna community encouraged provide products services that they are able provide, and display them the online marketplace exchanged for loyalty points. this mechanism will trigger the circulation loyalty point exchanges with products services, which turn will help the formation diruna token ecosystem the community. the diruna token ecosystem formed these communities actually the realization the principles economic democracy small scale, namely: from the community, the community, and for the community. believe that forming diruna token ecosystem the neighborhoods, the spirit kinship and mutual cooperation can flourish the world. diruna community project www.diruna.org hand over the management online marketplace every member the diruna community who willing and has the ability manage it. maintain the purity the principles economic democracy formed within the diruna token ecosystem each community. the diruna community formed each region given the freedom create their own online marketplace that the distribution products services community members can take place more quickly and reduce the shipping transportation costs that must incurred. stellar distributed exchange (sdex) from the beginning, loyalty points that are given every day diruna community members who meet the requirements are planned made digital format. through lengthy research, finally decided make the diruna token which will used the loyalty point the stellar blockchain. the main reason chose stellar network was because their blockchain, network, and infrastructure capabilities made possible for apply the strategies planned, compared other blockchain. addition, stellar network also has its own ecosystem that has been running very well. from the start, stellar has prepared the ecosystem for all tokens built its network creating the stellar distributed exchange facility its ledger. the stellar distributed exchange facility makes every token made the stellar network automatically redeemable for lumens (xlm), which coin issued stellar itself, exchanged for other tokens. the existence sdex stellar distributed exchange the stellar network very beneficial for us, because makes the diruna token ecosystem that build communities becomes more complete. so, loyalty points obtained community members not only being redeemable for products services provided members the diruna community the online marketplace, but can also exchanged with lumens coin (xlm) other tokens contained stellar network using sdex clients such stellarport.io and interstellar.exchange. diruna community project www.diruna.org fig. stellarport.io interface diruna token ecosystem diruna tokens the ecosystem are loyalty points that are distributed every day members the diruna community who meet the requirements. community members then use the loyalty points that they received exchanged online marketplaces that provide products services needed community members. products and services the online marketplace are provided members the community itself. diruna token ecosystem built with the principle: from the community, the community, and for the community. diruna community project www.diruna.org diruna community project www.diruna.org have vision build crypto-token ecosystems that can improve the lives billions people around the world. crypto-token ecosystems will built each population area using community-based cultural approaches with spirit kinship and mutual cooperation. the new economic currents that are formed within each crypto-token ecosystem are expected continue spin and able provide maximum benefits for community members, and prosperity for all humanity. imagine when everyone longer needs think about the cost buying their food every day because there system that can fulfill those needs. imagine when someone could focus finding new job building new business without feeling worried about their food needs. imagine when everyone becomes more creative focusing their minds find new innovations and ideas because their basic needs have been met. want people this ecosystem least longer need think about their basic needs because there system that can fulfill these needs. diruna community project www.diruna.org diruna community project www.diruna.org our current mission build the diruna community the neighborhoods and develop diruna token ecosystem fulfill the basic needs each community member. this mission the first goal that will done realize our vision based the conditions and challenges that exist today. diruna community project www.diruna.org diruna community project www.diruna.org since march started running the socialization phase building pilot community project indonesia, which aims test and measure the effectiveness the strategies that have planned. this phase, want get much data possible measure effectiveness, make improvements, and make adjustments the strategies that will apply later. this very important because know that the conditions each plan will always different from the real conditions. addition, also use the socialization phase distribute the total supply diruna tokens the general public and community groups that included the pilot project. distribute diruna token using airdrop, bounty, giveaway, and loyalty points distribution during the socialization phase. started the process building diruna community indonesia inviting community with active members join and participate the project. most the community members are people who don't know about crypto-tokens all. the learning process carried out through direct meetings, and also uses social media applications such telegram, facebook, and twitter the form discussions, question-and-answer, and sharing articles related the cryptotoken world. next, invite several other communities indonesia learn about cryptotokens together the diruna community. day day, members diruna community indonesia continue grow, because each member starts actively inviting his her friends and family join and learn together the community. the end july diruna token's turnover only relied the stellar distributed exchange facility, that allowed diruna tokens exchanged with lumens coins. those days, the members the learning community can exchanged diruna tokens that they obtained from loyalty points with lumens coins. this very helpful because members can know directly how crypto-tokens are able form ecosystem the stellar network. during the learning process, also continue urge, encourage, and motivate all members the community build diruna token ecosystem the community providing products services exchanged using loyalty points. diruna community project www.diruna.org fig. display online marketplace's homepage https://www.dirunapoint.com august online marketplace was launched www.dirunapoint.com, which was the result support from several members the diruna community indonesia. the online marketplace used accommodate and provide place for community members who have products services exchanged for loyalty points. the exchange process carried out directly between community members who have loyalty points with community members who provide products services. since the launch www.dirunapoint.com, continue vigorously encourage all members the diruna community indonesia become providers products services that can exchanged with loyalty points, especially products services that are routine needs every member the community. since the launch the online marketplace www.dirunapoint.com, diruna token ecosystem naturally began form the diruna community indonesia. diruna community project www.diruna.org with the establishment the new diruna token ecosystem, the circulation loyalty points diruna tokens which originally only flowed sdex facilities finally split into two and flowed marketplace online well. the direct impact with the flowing the diruna token online marketplace the reduced flow diruna tokens exchanged sdex. meanwhile, socialization and promotion continue carried out intensively, because the existence the online marketplace special attraction that can make people easily decide join the diruna community. the increasing number new members who joined diruna community indonesia after the launch the online marketplace caused the need for diruna token sdex increase. and with the reduced circulation diruna tokens flowing sdex because most the diruna tokens flowed into the online marketplace, naturally the diruna token exchange rate against lumens slowly increased, following the level demand growth for diruna tokens sdex. the strengthening the diruna token exchange rate against lumens made the performance diruna tokens even more attractive because showed the level user trust diruna tokens getting higher. fig. diruna asset holders price growth (source: https://www.stellar.expert) diruna community project www.diruna.org general, the achievement diruna token during the socialization phase exceeded our previous expectations. within only period less than eight months, the target one million asset holders could met. until the socialization phase ended, diruna token exchange rate reached the range lumens. these achievements are very exciting because they show that the strategies and approaches that use build diruna token ecosystems communities work well. this achievement also convinced continue diruna community project the next phase and carry out accordance with the vision and mission that have made. diruna community project www.diruna.org diruna community project www.diruna.org after researching some the existing blockchain networks, decided create diruna token (dra) the stellar network. this decision was taken because stellar network has specifications and technical supports that need carry out the planned strategies. the stellar ecosystem also equipped with stellar distributed exchange (sdex) which can automatically used all tokens the stellar network. complete information about stellar network and its ecosystem can found https://www.stellar.org/developers/guides/get-started/index.html. diruna community project www.diruna.org diruna community project www.diruna.org make ,,, diruna token (dra) stellar blockchain network, where total supply ,,, diruna tokens, will distributed each member the diruna community worldwide through the loyalty point program. the complete allocation the total supply diruna tokens follows: fig. diruna token allocation total supply will allocated the loyalty point program after the socialization phase ends. total supply will allocated and distributed during the socialization phase. total supply will allocated community projects programs. total supply will allocated for operational costs. total supply will allocated the diruna foundation which will established diruna community project www.diruna.org loyalty point program loyalty point program strategy that use gradually distribute the total supply diruna tokens all members diruna community. what mean members the diruna community and entitled get loyalty points every stellar wallet that has minimum diruna tokens and has settled more than hours the stellar wallet. every wallet that contains diruna tokens and has been deposited for more than hours, the wallet owner will automatically get loyalty points that day. every wallet that has the right get loyalty points will checked automatically every day, and the accumulation the loyalty points that are entitled will sent every wednesday. one the goals the loyalty point program give anyone the opportunity get diruna tokens easy way, whenever they decide join the diruna community. believe that this program will attraction that can make the general public attracted more easily, easier for invite them join the diruna community. allocation the total supply will used loyalty points after the socialization phase ends. after the socialization phase ends, the distributed loyalty points stellar wallet that meets the requirements are fixed, which equal dra every day. the total loyalty points eligible for each wallet will sent every wednesday. socialization phase socialization phase the phase that use test the planned strategies. this phase, hope get much data possible measure effectiveness, make improvements and adjustments the strategies that apply. this necessary and very important because know that the conditions each plan will always different from the actual conditions when applied. during the socialization phase, built the diruna community indonesia, which became pilot project conduct trials all the concepts and strategies planned. also use the socialization phase distribute the total supply diruna tokens the general public and community groups that involved the pilot project. diruna community project www.diruna.org the distribution diruna tokens during the socialization phase was carried out using programs such airdrop, bounty, and loyalty point promotion program. the loyalty point promotion program promotional method that use introduce loyalty points diruna community indonesia during the socialization phase, attract the public's interest join the diruna community. the amount loyalty points obtained the diruna community members during the socialization phase arranged stages, adjusted the increase the number asset holders. community development project the total supply diruna tokens will allocated the form bounty for projects that support diruna's vision and mission, diruna community, and diruna token ecosystem. this program aims provide the widest opportunity for anyone give and realize ideas that can help the development and growth the diruna token ecosystem. before diruna foundation was formed, all decisions regarding the awarding bounty would decided the developer team. operational costs the developer team, carrying out the diruna community project programs and its activities, employs several employees and contractors. addition for routine expenses, such employee salaries, amount money also needed for office rentals, office facilities, hardware, and software support diruna's programs. our operating costs are financed through: the total supply diruna tokens that will periodically release according our needs. contributions from individuals and diruna communities. diruna community project www.diruna.org diruna foundation diruna foundation will established later than and the total supply diruna tokens from the beginning has been allocated for operational needs. before diruna foundation was established, all diruna.org activities were under the supervision and management the developer team. diruna community project www.diruna.org diruna community project www.diruna.org are large team consisting of: programmers entrepreneurs musicians doctors psychologists lawyers engineers nurses farmers traders breeders designers drivers shopkeepers students workers love togetherness, equality, honesty, sincerity, and mutual cooperation goodness. always strive become human beings who benefit the universe wherever are. diruna community project the work our love and effort give the best for humanity. diruna community project www.diruna.org diruna community project www.diruna.org diruna community project www.diruna.org diruna community project www.diruna.org the achievements the pilot projects that worked during the socialization phase forming the diruna community indonesia, and then continued with building the diruna token ecosystem the community, showed very satisfying results. huge support from all community members who have joined can seen from the number members who become providers products services our online marketplace www.dirunapoint.com. during the socialization phase, are also convinced that the strategy use introduce cryptography and blockchain technology common people building diruna communities neighborhoods the right step. cultural approaches and campaigns fulfill basic needs (basic needs campaign) can foster spirit mutual cooperation for each member create diruna token ecosystem the community, each member can see how crypto-token technology able provide benefits their lives. conclude that one the causes the small number crypto-token users the world today due the lack practical applications crypto-token that are directly contact with the lives the majority the world community. current usage and application crypto-token technology only able touch small part the world community. need more crypto-token technology applications that directly touch the lives the majority the world community, that the existence these technologies can widely accepted throughout the community. the socialization phase has ended and diruna community project will move the next phase. however, will strengthen the entire diruna token ecosystem that has been established existing diruna communities first, before developing and building the diruna token ecosystem gradually throughout the world. hopefully, this white paper able provide overview what are working through diruna community project, and what achievements want get through this project. your support and involvement the realization this project means lot us. diruna community project www.diruna.org diruna community project www.diruna.org important notice preamble this white paper current form being circulated the developer team for general information and invite investor feedback only the diruna community presently conceived, and subject review and revision the developer team, and/or legal advisers the developer team. please not replicate distribute any part this white paper without this note accompaniment. part this white paper intended create legal relations between recipient this white paper, legally binding enforceable such recipient, against the developer team. updated version this white paper may published date determined and announced the developer team due course. please read this section and the following sections entitled "preamble", "disclaimer liability", "no representations and warranties", "representations and warranties you", "cautionary note forwardlooking statements", "third party information and consent other persons", "terms used", "no advice", "no further information update", "restrictions distribution and dissemination", "no offer investment registration", and "risks and uncertainties" carefully. you are any doubt the action you should take, you should consult your legal, financial, tax other professional advisor(s). while make every effort ensure that the material this white paper accurate and date, such material way constitutes the provision professional advice. the developer team does not guarantee, and accepts legal liability whatsoever arising from connected to, the accuracy, reliability, currency, completeness any material contained this white paper. investors and potential diruna token holders should seek appropriate independent professional advice prior relying on, entering into any commitment transaction based on, material published this white paper, which material purely published for reference purposes alone. diruna community project www.diruna.org the diruna tokens are not intended constitute securities any form, units business trust, units collective investment scheme any other form investment any jurisdiction. this white paper does not constitute prospectus offer document any sort and not intended constitute offer securities any form, units business trust, units collective investment scheme any other form investment, solicitation for any form investment any jurisdiction. person bound enter into any contract binding legal commitment relation the acquisition diruna tokens and cryptocurrency other form payment accepted the basis this white paper. regulatory authority has examined approved any the information set out this white paper. such action has been will taken under the laws, regulatory requirements rules any jurisdiction. the publication, distribution dissemination this white paper does not imply that the applicable laws, regulatory requirements rules have been complied with. this white paper, any part thereof and any copy thereof must not taken transmitted any country where distribution dissemination this white paper prohibited restricted. part this white paper reproduced, distributed disseminated without including this section and the following sections entitled "disclaimer liability", "no representations and warranties", "representations and warranties you", "cautionary note forward-looking statements", "third party information and consent other persons", "terms used", "no advice", "no further information update", "restrictions distribution and dissemination", "no offer investment registration" and "risks and uncertainties". disclaimer liability the maximum extent permitted the applicable laws, regulations and rules, the developer team shall not liable for any indirect, special, incidental, consequential other losses any kind, tort, contract otherwise (including but not limited loss diruna community project www.diruna.org revenue, income profits, and loss use data), arising out connection with any acceptance reliance this white paper any part thereof you. representations and warranties the developer team does not make purport make, and hereby disclaims, any representation, warranty undertaking any form whatsoever any entity person, including any representation, warranty undertaking relation the truth, accuracy and completeness any the information set out this white paper. representations and warranties you accessing and/or accepting possession any information this white paper such part thereof (as the case may be), you represent and warrant the developer team follows: (a) you agree and acknowledge that the diruna tokens not constitute securities any form, units business trust, units collective investment scheme any other form investment any jurisdiction; (b) you agree and acknowledge that this white paper does not constitute prospectus offer document any sort and not intended constitute offer securities any form, units business trust, units collective investment scheme any other form investment any jurisdiction, solicitation for any form investment, and you are not bound enter into any contract binding legal commitment and cryptocurrency other form payment accepted the basis this white paper; (c) you acknowledge and understand that diruna token should construed, interpreted, classified treated enabling, according any opportunity to, tokenholders articipate receive profits, income, other payments returns arising from connection with the diruna tokens, receive sums paid out such profits, income, other payments returns; diruna community project www.diruna.org (d) you agree and acknowledge that regulatory authority has examined approved the information set out this white paper, action has been will taken under the laws, regulatory requirements rules any jurisdiction and the publication, distribution dissemination this white paper you does not imply that the applicable laws, regulatory requirements rules have been complied with; (e) you agree and acknowledge that this white paper, the undertaking and/or future trading diruna tokens any cryptocurrency exchange, shall not construed, interpreted deemed you indication the merits the developer team, the diruna tokens, and the diruna community; (f) the distribution dissemination this white paper, any part thereof any copy thereof, acceptance the same you, not prohibited restricted the applicable laws, regulations rules your jurisdiction, and where any restrictions relation possession are applicable, you have observed and complied with all such restrictions your own expense and without liability the developer team; (g) you agree and acknowledge that the case where you wish acquire any diruna tokens, diruna tokens are not construed, interpreted, classified treated as: (i) any kind currency other than cryptocurrency; (ii) debentures, stocks shares issued any person entity; (iii) rights, options derivatives respect such debentures, stocks shares; (iv) rights under contract for differences under any other contract the purpose pretended purpose which secure profit avoid loss; (v) units collective investment scheme; (vi) units business trust; (vii) derivatives units business trust; (viii) any form investment; diruna community project www.diruna.org (h) you are legally permitted participate the diruna community and all actions contemplated associated with such participation, including the holding and use diruna tokens; (i) the amounts that you use acquire the diruna tokens were not and are not directly indirectly derived from any activities that contravene the laws and regulations any jurisdiction, including anti-money laundering laws and regulations; (j) you are natural person, you are sufficient age and capacity under the applicable laws the jurisdiction which you reside and the jurisdiction which you are citizen participate the diruna community; (k) you are not obtaining using diruna tokens for any illegal purpose; (l) you have basic degree understanding the operation, functionality, usage, storage, transmission mechanisms and other material characteristics cryptocurrencies, blockchain-based software systems, cryptocurrency wallets other related token storage mechanisms, and blockchain technology; (m) you are fully aware and understand that the case where you wish purchase any diruna tokens, there are risks associated with the developer team and its respective businesses and operations, diruna tokens, and the diruna community; (n) you bear the sole responsibility determine what tax implications purchase diruna tokens may have for you and agree not hold the developer team any other person involved the diruna community liable for any tax liability associated with arising therefrom; (o) you agree and acknowledge that the developer team not liable for any direct, indirect, special, incidental, consequential other losses any kind, tort, contract otherwise (including but not limited loss revenue, income profits, and loss use data), arising out connection with any acceptance reliance this white paper any part thereof you; diruna community project www.diruna.org (p) you waive the right participate class action lawsuit class wide arbitration against the developer team and/or any person involved the diruna community and/or with the creation and distribution diruna tokens; and (q) all the above representations and warranties are true, complete, accurate and non-misleading from the time your access and/or acceptance possession this white paper such part thereof (as the case may be). cautionary note forward-looking statements all statements contained this white paper, statements made press releases any place accessible the public and oral statements that may made the developer team, employees acting behalf the developer team (as the case may be), that are not statements historical fact, constitute "forward-looking statements". some these statements can identified forward-looking terms such "aim", "target", "anticipate", "believe", "could", "estimate", "expect", "if", "intend", "may", "plan", "possible", "probable", "project", "should", "would", "will" other similar terms. however, these terms are not the exclusive means identifying forward-looking statements. all statements regarding the developer team's business strategies, plans and prospects and the future prospects the industry which the developer team are forwardlooking statements. these forwardlooking statements, including but not limited statements the developer team's prospects, future plans, other expected industry trends and other matters discussed this white paper regarding the developer team are matters that are not historic facts, but only predictions. these forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause the actual future results, performance achievements the developer team materially different from any future results, performance achievements expected, expressed implied such forward-looking statements. these factors include, amongst others: diruna community project www.diruna.org (a) changes political, social, economic and stock cryptocurrency market conditions, and the regulatory environment the countries which the developer team conducts its business and operations; (b) the risk that the developer team may unable execute implement its business strategies and future plans; (c) changes interest rates and exchange rates fiat currencies and cryptocurrencies; (d) changes the anticipated growth strategies and expected internal growth the developer team, and the diruna community; (e) changes the availability and fees payable the developer team connection with its businesses and operations the diruna community; (f) changes the availability and salaries employees who are required the developer team operate their respective businesses and operations; (g) changes competitive conditions under which the developer team operates, and the ability the developer team compete under such conditions; (h) war acts international domestic terrorism; (i) occurrences catastrophic events, natural disasters and acts god that affect the businesses and/or operations the developer team; (j) other factors beyond the control the developer team; and (k) any risk and uncertainties associated with the developer team and its business and operations, the diruna tokens, and the diruna community. all forward-looking statements made attributable the developer team persons acting behalf the developer team are expressly qualified their entirety such factors. diruna community project www.diruna.org given that risks and uncertainties that may cause the actual future results, performance achievements the developer team materially different from that expected, expressed implied the forward-looking statements this white paper, undue reliance must not placed these statements. these forward-looking statements are applicable only the date this white paper. neither the developer team nor any other person represents, warrants, and/or undertakes that the actual future results, performance achievements the developer team will discussed those forward-looking statements. the actual results, performance achievements the developer team may differ materially from those anticipated these forward-looking statements. nothing contained this white paper may relied upon promise, representation undertaking the future performance policies the developer team. further, the developer team disclaims any responsibility update any those forwardlooking statements publicly announce any revisions those forward-looking statements reflect future developments, events circumstances, even new information becomes available other events occur the future. third party information and consent other persons this white paper includes information obtained from various third party sources ("third party information"). none the publishers third party information has consented the inclusion third party information this white paper and therefore not liable for third party information. while the developer team has taken reasonable action ensure that third party information have been included their proper form and context, neither the developer team, nor its employees acting its behalf, has independently verified the accuracy, reliability, completeness the contents, ascertained any applicable underlying assumption, the relevant third party information. consequently, neither the developer team nor its employees acting their behalf makes any representation diruna community project www.diruna.org warranty the accuracy, reliability completeness such information and shall not obliged provide any updates the same. terms used facilitate better understanding the diruna tokens being the subject the sale conducted the developer team, and the businesses and operations the developer team, certain technical terms and abbreviations, well as, certain instances, their descriptions, have been used this white paper. these descriptions and assigned meanings should not treated being definitive their meanings and may not correspond standard industry meanings usage. words importing the singular shall, where applicable, include the plural and vice versa and words importing the masculine gender shall, where applicable, include the feminine and neuter genders and vice versa. references persons shall include corporations. advice recommendation guidance information this white paper should considered business, legal, financial tax advice regarding the developer team, the diruna tokens. you should consult your own legal, financial, tax other professional adviser regarding the developer team and its business and operations, and the diruna tokens. you should aware that you may required bear the financial risk any purchase diruna tokens for indefinite period time. further information update person has been authorised give any information representation not contained this white paper connection with the developer team and its business and operations, the diruna tokens, given, such information representation must not relied upon having been authorised behalf the developer team. diruna community project www.diruna.org restrictions distribution and dissemination the distribution dissemination this white paper any part thereof may prohibited restricted the laws, regulatory requirements, and rules any jurisdiction. the case where any restriction applies, you are inform yourself about, and observe, any restrictions which are applicable your possession this white paper such part thereof (as the case may be) your own expense and without liability the developer team. persons whom copy this white paper has been distributed disseminated, provided access who otherwise have the white paper their possession shall not circulate any other persons, reproduce otherwise distribute this white paper any information contained herein for any purpose whatsoever nor permit cause the same occur. offer investment registration this white paper does not constitute prospectus offer document any sort and not intended constitute offer securities any form, units business trust, units collective investment scheme any other form investment, solicitation for any form investment any jurisdiction. person bound enter into any contract binding legal commitment and cryptocurrency other form payment accepted the basis this white paper. regulatory authority has examined approved any the information set out this white paper. such action has been will taken under the laws, regulatory requirements rules any jurisdiction. the publication, distribution dissemination this white paper does not imply that the applicable laws, regulatory requirements rules have been complied with. diruna community project www.diruna.org risks and uncertainties prospective purchasers diruna tokens should carefully consider and evaluate all risks and uncertainties associated with the developer team and its business and operations, and the diruna tokens, all information set out this white paper prior any purchase the diruna tokens. any such risks and uncertainties develops into actual events, the business, financial condition, results operations and prospects the developer team could materially and adversely affected. such cases, you may lose all part the value the diruna tokens. please read the following risks and warnings before deciding purchase diruna tokens. should noted the following list risks and warnings not exhaustive. accordingly, prospective purchasers should not place undue reliance these statements. the developer team the diruna tokens may affected newly implemented regulations cryptocurrency trading generally unregulated worldwide, but numerous regulatory authorities across jurisdictions have been outspoken about considering the implementation regulatory regimes which govern cryptocurrency cryptocurrency markets. the developer team the diruna tokens may affected newly implemented regulations relating cryptocurrencies cryptocurrency markets, including having take measures comply with such regulations, having deal with queries, notices, requests enforcement actions regulatory authorities, which may come substantial. further, difficult predict how whether governments regulatory authorities may implement any changes laws and regulations affecting distributed ledger technology and its applications, including the diruna tokens. the developer team may also have cease operations jurisdiction that makes illegal operate such jurisdiction, make commercially unviable undesirable obtain the necessary regulatory approval(s) operate such jurisdiction. scenarios such the foregoing, the trading price diruna tokens will adversely affected diruna tokens may cease traded. diruna community project www.diruna.org there may risks relating acts god, natural disasters, wars, terrorist attacks, riots, civil commotions widespread communicable diseases and other force majeure events beyond the control the developer team the performance the developer team's activities may interrupted, suspended delayed due acts god, natural disasters, wars, terrorist attacks, riots, civil commotions, widespread communicable diseases and other force majeure events beyond the control the developer team. such events could also lead uncertainty the economic outlook global markets and there assurance that such markets will not affected, that recovery from the global financial crisis would continue. such events, the developer team's business strategies, results operations and prospects may materially and adversely affected. further, outbreak such infectious communicable diseases occurs any the countries which the developer team, the developers, data providers data consumers have operations the future, market sentiment could adversely affected and this may have negative impact the diruna tokens and diruna community. there may unanticipated risks arising from the diruna tokens cryptographic tokens such the diruna tokens are relatively new and dynamic technology. addition the risks included hereto, there are other risks associated with your purchase, holding and use the diruna tokens, including those that the developer team cannot anticipate. such risks may further materialise unanticipated variations combinations the risks discussed hereto. diruna community project www.diruna.org