districtx network white paper september th, cooperative decentralized marketplaces and communities. powered ethereum, aragon, and ipfs. joe urgo joe@districtx.io matus lestan matus@districtx.io alexander khoriaty alexander@districtx.io abstract this paper, offer overview the districtx network, collective decentralized marketplaces and communities, hereafter referred districts. districts exist decentralized entities, built upon standard open source framework comprised ethereum smart contracts and front-end libraries, hereafter referred dxinfra. dxinfra provides districts with core functionalities that are necessary operate online marketplace community. namely, the ability for users post listings, filter and search through listings, rank peers and amass reputation, and send invoices and collect payments. the dxinfra framework designed open and extendable, allowing districts customized and granted additional functionality through the use auxiliary modules. also introduce the districtx network token order facilitate open participation and coordination across the network while providing protections from malicious actors. the districtx network token multi-utility token which required for application the districtx network, utilized incentivized voting game dictate access suite ancillary services exclusive network members, used signal support disapproval for proposals made network participants, and which can staked deposit pools mint tokens providing district-specific rights third-party platforms. table contents introduction districts dxinfra auxiliary modules governance aragon the district registry districtx network token districtx network token distribution roadmap projected use contributions management contributions transparency policy team appendix introduction recent years, the economic powers decentralization have materialized. uber has disintermediated transportation and achieved valuation $b. airbnb has made similar disruptions the lodging sector, giving them value most recent measures. entrenched conglomerates are being uprooted upstarts who realize that value the network effect their users, rather than the cost physical assets they own expend. while customers these services have enjoyed lower prices and better user experiences relative those available the past, they are still subject higher costs than they would without for-profit third-parties extracting fees and they have little say over the evolution these platforms. despite business models relying upon sustaining massive user bases that allow them operate scale, users have means participating the value creation reaped from their use these centrally controlled platforms. until recent advancements trustless network design, network participants had few reliable means for self-organizing without centralized party. the advent and subsequent development the ethereum protocol has opened the door for experimentation decentralized organizational structures and the distribution governance rights network's participants. projects such aragon boardroom colony and giveth are actively working harness the powers ethereum for these purposes, building platforms that enable non-technical users create and administrate decentralized organizations. these tools allow for new means group coordination through economic incentives, making possible disintermediate marketplaces and communities and allocate voting rights their participants. short, citizens the internet can now build and control the platforms they frequent every day. utilizing the aforementioned technologies, the districtx network will facilitate the operation and governance marketplaces and communities decentralized entities. the districtx network will enable the recreation many the internet's most popular applications and services while eliminating rent-seeking and the relinquishment decisions and personal data third-parties. https://www.recode.net/////ride-hail-valuation-investment-uber-didi-lyft https://www.wsj.com/articles/airbnb-valued-at--billion-after-new-funding-round- districts the districtx network comprised districts. districts are markets and communities that exist decentralized entities built upon the dxinfra framework. the core every district are components necessary operate marketplace bulletin board application. all districts provide the following baseline functionalities: posting and listings search and filtering ranking and reputation payments and invoicing these capabilities are tied together and made accessible users via list, thumbnail, and gallery-style user interfaces, popularized online services such craigslist and reddit. ethlance launched the ethereum mainnet january ethlance freelance job market and the first district the districtx network. ethlance allows users create employer/employee profile, list and apply for open positions, rank and provide feedback for employers/employees, and send/receive invoices. ethlance does not charge any service fees, and users pay only the necessary cost gas broadcast their profiles, posts, messages, feedback, and invoices the ethereum network. ethlance's code completely open-source github.com/districtx/ethlance ethlance's front-end source files are written clojurescript and served via ipfs ethlance's backend logic governed smart contracts deployed the ethereum mainnet (appendix a). since its launch, over users have created profile and more than open positions have been listed. projects such status aragon colony wetrust rex jaak and giveth are amongst those currently hiring via ethlance. the original district, ethlance serves experimental sandbox for the creation and refinement the dxinfra framework and will developed perpetuity alongside other districts deployed the districtx team. name bazaar the second district deployed the districtx network will name bazaar peer-to-peer marketplace for the exchange names registered via the ethereum name service name bazaar intends provide easily discoverable registry ens names that have been made available for purchase their owners. amongst available options, owners will able choose open customized auctions list their names for sale fixed prices. sellers will have the option setting their prices eth any erc token. name bazaar will also allow for the trading subdomains, enabling the exchange usernames decentralized applications such status and organization names the aragon network company registry meme factory inspired the work simon rouviere and his curation markets design, the third district deployed the districtx network meme factory meme factory will allow users mint their own tokenized memes and offer them for sale immediately. meme factory will provide interface for the creation provably rare digital assets the ethereum blockchain which can immediately posted bulletin board-style marketplace for exchange. tokenizing and posting meme meme factory will resemble the process creating new post reddit. minting tokenized meme will resemble the process upvoting. the number tokens existence for particular meme any given time will act the ranking mechanism, resembling the number upvotes post has received. these functions will tied together with curation market model, with the cost minting and the rates which one can redeem their memes governed scaling pricing curve. future districts following the launch meme factory, the districtx team intends continue introduce new districts the districtx network. the districtx network makes use open proposal process, allowing all community members submit ideas for new districts via the districtx github the districtx network token offers means for network participants signal which districts they would like see built and deployed the network next, enabling holders coordinate around ideas which will add the most utility. signaling currently facilitated via the district proposal voting dapp customized implementation carbonvote district creation platform the districtx network will ultimately comprised global marketplaces and hyperlocal communities alike. the district creation platform will provide users with easy use interface design and deploy their own districts the districtx network. the district creation platform will provide way customize the parameters the smart contracts powering district and will offer numerous options support wide variety markets and communities. the district creation interface will feature auxiliary module directory, similar the apple app store allow for the easy discovery plugins that extend the functionality and utility districts. dxinfra dxinfra open source framework comprised ethereum smart contracts and front-end libraries that govern the deployment new districts the network and provide their baseline functionalities. each district's backend logic will controlled combination dxinfra contracts shared all districts the network and set district-specific contracts. similarly, for the front-end, districts will share reusable components where possible, primarily 'under-the-hood' front-end logic, while still allowing for broad visual diversity. the districtx network seeks home vast array markets and communities. accordance with this vision, dxinfra has been designed open and extendable modular system that allows districts implement unique features and enhanced functionality via the plug-in auxiliary modules (covered the following section). auxiliary modules allow for the development and deployment new features, functionality, and revenue generating mechanisms districts, districts can customized and extended through the use auxiliary modules. example auxiliary module that could potentially generate revenue for district, one which provides mechanism for users bid premium placement their listings, similar google adwords. another example potential revenue generating auxiliary module, one which allows for the optional insurance proposals the platform. one could imagine third-party service deploying module offer financial guarantees arrangements between users the platform exchange for fee. example auxiliary module that can enhance the user experience district moderation mechanism that allows for the flagging and takedown spam, malicious links, explicit content. districts will decide district district basis what auxiliary modules are implemented via their governance processes. third parties are encouraged develop and contribute auxiliary modules districtx. they are incentivized via the ability charge districts fees for usage rights. governance aragon launched aragon operating system for decentralized entities. the aragon platform provides easy use interface for creating, administering, and governing virtual entities. aragon allows for user-friendly management the basic components entity such voting right distribution, role assignments, and accounting. the behavior aragon entity can customized changing its bylaws. the creation district the districtx network will trigger the creation deposit pool and corresponding entity the aragon network. through the districtx network token staking interface, token holders can stake their tokens deposit pools mint tokens which represent voting rights district-specific aragon entities, via which all the district's governance activities will occur. voting rights can used partake the processes that determine the characteristics district ranging from its design, its functionality, its accepted code conduct, the integrations utilizes, and beyond. aragon entities created for districts will come preconfigured with suggested set bylaws and parameters, but district participants can vote change these they see fit. the district registry the district registry decentrally maintained district whitelist, storing the credentials districts which have been granted access the districtx network. the presence district the district registry signifies that the district has been accredited districtx network token holders non-malicious and value-additive the districtx network. inclusion the district registry grants district access suite ancillary services exclusive members the districtx network. registered districts are also eligible for inclusion the districtx network token staking interface, whereby token holders can stake their dnt district's deposit pool mint voting rights the respective district's aragon entity. user interface will allow token holders submit new district proposals the district registry, challenge proposals, and vote for against proposals any ongoing voting period. additionally, token holders can vote alter parameters for the district registry large through the same interface. proposals and deposits seek placement the district registry, authors qualifying district proposals must submit deposit districtx network tokens along with their completed proposal the district registry's application pool. this application will remain idle until the challenge period passes. challenge raised during this period, the district will included the district registry and the initial deposit will transferred the district's deposit pool behalf the applicant, assigning the initial voting rights the corresponding aragon entity the applicant. additionally, before any challenge occurs, the author may choose withdraw their application, reclaiming their deposit and forfeiting their chance for inclusion the district registry until later application made. applicants may apply for placement the district registry frequently desired. challenges any point during after the challenge period, any districtx network token holder may choose challenge listing's inclusion within the district registry sending equivalent deposit amount the application pool. this initiates voting period, during which dnt holders across the network may vote favor against the inclusion the proposal the district registry. votes are weighted according user's dnt balance, and are partially locked commit-reveal process inspired colony's voting system the end the voting period, vote counts are weighted favor inclusion the district registry, the application succeeds and the challenger's deposit forfeited. likewise, vote counts are weighted against inclusion the registry, the application rejected, and the applicant's deposit forfeited. both cases, portion the forfeited deposit gets distributed reward voters the winning side the vote proportion with their vote size, and the depositor the winning side has their deposit returned. voters from both sides never have funds stake, and will have their voting tokens returned them full regardless the outcome the challenge. applicants and challengers stand lose their deposit from losing the vote, while voters only stand gain from participation. parameterization all numeric parameters the district registry are flexible, and can themselves voted for change through the propose-and-challenge process described above. the districtx team will define the initial parameter values and will stake the initial deposits required for these parameters. the parameter set follows: required deposit the number districtx network tokens needed submit application the registry. challenge period length the amount time (measured blocks) that application must remain idle for challenge before automatic inclusion the registry. voting period length the amount time (measured blocks) that challenge will remain open for voting commits from token holders. reveal period length the amount time (measured blocks) during which committed votes can revealed for particular challenge. required vote share ratio the ratio committed and revealed tokens vote required uphold application's place the district registry. higher number implies higher bar acceptance the registry. awarded ratio the ratio forfeited deposits challenge that gets rewarded the winning depositor. higher number more rewarding for the depositor, lower number more rewarding for voters. the districtx team will affix the initial parameter set the following values: required deposit dnt challenge period length blocks (about one week) voting period length blocks reveal period length blocks (about hours) required vote share ratio simple majority decides accept/reject applications) awarded ratio challenger needs confidence success justify challenge) the graphic below illustrates the flow value between network participants the event proposal being challenged and granted access the network after voting period. districtx network token facilitate open participation and coordination across the network while providing protections from malicious actors introduce the districtx network token (dnt). the districtx network token multi-utility erc token providing holders with both network wide governance utility and means gaining access district-specific voting rights. network governance utility the districtx network token used for interaction with the district registry and govern various aspects the districtx network large. currently, districtx network token holders can utilize their dnt signal for which districts they would like the districtx team build and deploy next the districtx network. token holders also have the ability signal their support disapproval for proposals made network participants via the districtx feedback dapp. gradually, additional districtx network-wide governance utility will introduced the districtx network token, experimenting with different capabilities and allowing time for testing and refinement before committing permanent designs for implementation. before the current districtx network roadmap will considered complete, governance the network large will turned over entirely districtx network token holders. district-specific governance utility the districtx network token can staked deposit pools mint tokens providing district-specific voting rights corresponding aragon entities. these voting rights allow holders directly participate the governance districts the network. upon staking dnt district's deposit pool, participants will receive tokenized voting rights the respective district's aragon entity, which they will retain for the duration the time their tokens remained staked. the rate which voting rights are dispensed will governed sliding pricing curve with the amount dnt required stake mint voting right increasing district's deposit pool grows. participants are free exit district any time, long they not have votes cast open vote, un-staking their districtx network tokens. participant has cast votes open vote, they are free exit the district soon the voting period closes. voting rights are immediately forfeited and retired upon the un-staking dnt from district. after being un-staked, dnt can immediately staked other districts. the frequency and duration voting periods for given district are defined their respective bylaws. unless specified the bylaws district, there are restrictions the percentage district's voting rights that participant can acquire and possess any given time. districtx network token distribution the districtx genesis contract minted ,,, districtx network tokens. the districtx genesis contract has allocated the minted districtx network tokens follows: distributed participants contribution period reserved for potential contribution period reserved for potential contribution period distributed founders (vest over the course years) distributed advisors (vest over the course years) distributed early contributors (vest over the course months) dnt tokens minted for allocation founders, advisors, and early contributors are subject vesting schedule. founder and advisor tokens are allocated over -month vesting period, with -month cliff. early contributor tokens are allocated over -month vesting period, with -month cliff. contribution period contribution period began july th, and ended august st, during this time, total eth contributions were received. within hours the end the event, districtx network tokens were divided and distributed the participants. contribution periods and total districtx network tokens have been reserved ensure the continued efforts the districtx network, the event that additional contributions are needed fulfill the districtx network roadmap. contribution periods and are subject occur only after both the completion the key milestones cited the districtx roadmap (outlined the following section) and months have passed since the previous contribution period. contribution periods and will not occur additional funding not necessary complete the project's remaining roadmap items. roadmap prior potential contribution period deploy dxinfra migrate ethlance dxinfra deploy name bazaar districtx network deploy meme factory districtx network deploy the district registry prior potential contribution period enable district extendability via auxiliary modules deploy auxiliary module directory deploy additional districts districtx network deploy districtx network token staking interface following potential contribution period deploy district creation interface deploy districtx network directory complete handover governance the districtx network districtx network token holders projected use contributions contributions received during contribution period will used exclusively for the development and expansion the districtx network. development expenses contributions allocated for development expenses will utilized cover costs associated with the refinement dxinfra, the deployment new districts the districtx network, the creation auxiliary modules, improvements districts developed in-house, security audits, and the launch the district creation platform. operational expenses contributions allocated for operational expenses will cover any costs associated with accounting, business development, community management, education, people operations, recruiting, support, and any other administrative tasks. marketing expenses contributions allocated for marketing expenses will cover any costs associated with the promotion the districtx network, districts the districtx network, the dxinfra framework, and the districtx power plant. legal expenses contributions allocated for legal expenses will cover any legal costs associated with the establishment and operation districtx ltd., the establishment and operation entities selected service providers the districtx network, and any unforeseen legal costs necessary resolve matters that could pose threat the districtx network. the districtx power plant inspired the slack fund the districtx team will seek establish entity support the expansion the districtx network, advance the infrastructure upon which built, foster the emergence developer ecosystem, and back the efforts partner projects that offer opportunities for interoperability. management contributions ethereum-based project, the long-term viability and utility the districtx network directly correlated the continued development the ethereum protocol and growth its user base. given such, after hedging years worth runway into stable coin, intend pay all wages team members eth, pay all possible expenses with eth, and hold all idle funds eth multisig wallet indefinitely. understanding that the price eth relative fiat currencies can highly volatile, have left the door open additional contribution periods the event that further funding becomes necessary for the completion the districtx network roadmap due sustained decline eth/usd prices. the event that eth continues appreciate usd and excess contributions remain upon the completion the districtx network roadmap, options will explored return eth districtx network token holders. transparency policy community-centric project, believe operational transparency paramount. the following steps will taken ensure that districtx network token holders will have access adequate amount information about the progression the districtx network and the usage contributions received from supporters. financial disclosures the multisig wallet which contributions are held will always publicly displayed https://districtx.io/transparency/ quarterly updates our financial position and usage contributions will made publicly available https://districtx.io/transparency/ service provider disclosures public work profile links (linkedin, github) for all service providers presently contracted the districtx network will accessible https://districtx.io/team/ all wages paid service providers presently contracted the districtx network will publicly accessible from https://districtx.io/transparency/ development disclosures bi-weekly development updates will published https://blog.districtx.io/ link the current districtx network roadmap will always publicly accessible https://districtx.io/transparency/ link the districtx github repository will always publicly accessible https://districtx.io/transparency/ contact information link public districtx network chat client (slack, gitter, similar platform) will always publicly accessible https://districtx.io/team/ the districtx email address will always displayed https://districtx.io/team/ the email address all districtx team members will always displayed https://districtx.io/team/ team matus lestan co-founder tech lead developed ethlance the first district. matus lifelong developer with strong passion for decentralization. previously working freelance developer for years, matus now known for pushing the clojure-ethereum ecosystem forward via numerous open source contributions. joe urgo co-founder strategy and operations lead founder/ceo sourcerers, joe curious explorer decentralized business models and token-enabled governance structures. previously joe worked operations manager coinbase, derivatives trader three arrows capital, and professional poker player. alexander khoriaty project manager mike konkov clojurescript developer filip bielejec clojurescript developer p.j. leimgruber marketing lead brady mckenna community manager farhan shaikh community manager advisors luis cuende co-founder aragon carl bennett co-founder status brayton williams co-founder boost vincent zhou founder fbg capital manmeet singh co-founder blockseed ventures appendix appendix ethlance's backend logic governed smart contracts deployed the ethereum mainnet: ethlanceviews xfcbebaefdfdeceedfddaa ethlanceuser xdfaeadbafaf ethlancemessage xfaabdeffcfbdebddee ethlanceconfig xeddfeabfbaadebda ethlancecontract xfafadcbaddbcbfedddd ethlancesponsor xbfdbecbdfdfedbeefec ethlanceinvoice xfdfecafbdcee ethlancesearchjobs xefeeaeadc ethlancefeedback xcaaadebdceb ethlancesponsorwallet xcdcbcedeeadafaa ethlanceuser xcebfeaddcbbbceedde ethlancedb xaddacdeadaebcfced ethlancejob xbeceacbbaaabfadfc ethlancesearchfreelancers xadafcabcaecefee appendix special thanks the following community members for their feedback and continued support the districtx network: luis cuende carl bennetts jarrad hope steven mckie jorge izquierdo jake vartanian jake brukhman max mersch simon rouviere george nadav hollander stephen king jorge mielgo griff green phil kurtland alexander chopan alex maslar christina paris tatu karki chase cole