distributed credit chain draft for open community review and subject change. doc no. cyber sheng foundation ltd. distributed credit chain draft for open community review and subject change. doc no. distributed credit chain whitepaper cyber sheng foundation ltd. cyber sheng foundation ltd. distributed credit chain draft for open community review and subject change. doc no. table contents brief introduction...................................................................................................... distributed banking begins with changes credit businesses .............................. traditional credit businesses ............................................................................ centralized credit service ................................................................................. credit dilemma brought centralized service ............................................. the value decentralized blockchain credit business ........................... how distributed credit solves the centralized credit problem ............................ user account identification system ............................................................... distributed credit maintenance system ........................................................ blockchain-based lending business ............................................................... non-cooperative game between participants .............................................. advantages the ecosystem ......................................................................... product scenarios ................................................................................................... loan registration service................................................................................ facilitating asset securitization ...................................................................... economic ecosystem model ................................................................................... dcc-valuation credentials ecosystem ....................................................... benefits ecosystem contribution ............................................................... use dcc distributed credit chain .......................................................... technology realization ........................................................................................... system structure ............................................................................................. dapp................................................................................................................. account (wallet) system ................................................................................. gateway service .............................................................................................. open platform ................................................................................................. open source framework ................................................................................. blockchain and smart contract ...................................................................... distribution plan ..................................................................................................... use plan for raised funds ...................................................................................... development timeline............................................................................................ cyber sheng foundation ltd. ................................................................................. cyber sheng foundation ltd. distributed credit chain draft for open community review and subject change. doc no. core team ............................................................................................................... advisors ................................................................................................................... partners ................................................................................................................... early investors ......................................................................................................... risks......................................................................................................................... cyber sheng foundation ltd. distributed credit chain draft for open community review and subject change. doc no. brief introduction accelerating digitalization, faster internet transmission speeds, continuous accumulation distributed computing resources, the application mathematic and cryptographic technologies the digital era: these are the factors that lead foresee that the future, will see underlying public chain based the features blockchain (including but not limited to: decentralization, openness, autonomy, irreversibility, and privacy protection). this underlying public chain will utilized for distributed credit reporting, debt registration, wealth management, and asset transactions. will enable business participants different countries and regions around the world provide financial services much more convenient way. new type virtual agency based blockchain technology--"distributed banking"-- will emerge. distributed bank not traditional bank, but rather integrated ecosystem distributed financial services. the concept distributed banking break the monopoly traditional financial institutions through fair financial serviced and return earnings from financial services all providers and users involved, that each participant who has contributed the growth the ecosystem may incentivised, thus truly achieving inclusive finance. through decentralized thinking, distributed banking will able change the cooperation model traditional financial services and build new peer-to-peer and allcommunications cooperation model across all regions, sectors, subjects and accounts. pertains business, distributed banking will completely transform traditional banking's debt, asset, and intermediary business structure through replacing liability business with distributed wealth management, replacing asset business with distributed credit reporting, debt registration and replacing intermediary business with distributed asset transaction with the tree-like management structure the traditional bank will evolve into the flat structure distributed banking, which will establish distributed standards for various businesses and improve overall business efficiency. cyber sheng foundation ltd. distributed credit chain draft for open community review and subject change. doc no. pertains distribution, decentralization disintermediation, way breaking original excessive premiums that result from information asymmetry among intermediaries, and returning such premiums ecosystem participants, thus achieving the redistribution ecosystem value well fair distribution among participants through digital consensus algorithm. pertains regulation, the fact that all records registered the blockchain cannot tampered will enable regulators penetrate into the underlying assets real time. big data analysis institutions can also help the regulatory bodies understand and respond industry risks more quickly based blockchain data analysis. will possible develop new "basel accord" the management system blockchain-distributed banks. the foundation will launch main blockchain distributed credit chain (dcc) establish business standards, reach consensus the books, deploy business contracts, implement liquidation and settlement services, and on, for variety distributed financial business. the establishment distributed banking system will require five- even ten-year process. hope that after period construction, the distributed bank can become important node new finance, and traditional businesses can enter the distributed business ecosystem through distributed banking. will begin with conducting credit business dcc, and reconstruct the business ecosystem traditional credit through decentralized thinking and distributed technology. the following section, are going specifically describe the reforms distributed banks the credit field. cyber sheng foundation ltd. distributed credit chain draft for open community review and subject change. doc no. distributed banking begins with changes credit businesses traditional credit businesses definition credit business: credit activity wherein the holder certain currency positions temporarily lends agreed-upon amount money agreed-upon interest rate borrower, who repays the principal and interest according the terms and period agreed. one the most important activities the financial market, its orderly mangement has huge positive impact the development society. the fundamental function the credit market adjust temporary long-term funding shortfalls: economics, the players with surpluses have extra funds and not wish increase their current expenditures, while those with deficits are search spending, but fail because their liquidity crunch. within the credit market, assets and capital can properly allocated, allowing the smooth functioning our economic system. the history the credit industry goes back long way. can find traces credit systems and the concept interest the very beginning human civilization, with ,year-old written loan contract from mesopotamia. back then, the practical application such paid economic activity had already been demonstrated. without credit, the massive expansion and progress human civilization would not have been possible. the loans supported spain's exploration into the new world, and made possible the colonization the united states, thus propelling the industrial revolution. the utility provided loans the community enormous, and has enabled some the greatest projects known mankind. until the century, the lenders still utilized collaterals, and the main type loan was the contractual loan. the early century ushered new era loans and more equitable platform. established december the philadelphia saving fund society(later philadelphia savings fund society (psfs)) was the first many savings and loan associations. highly cyber sheng foundation ltd. distributed credit chain draft for open community review and subject change. doc no. centralized financial intermediary, aimed provide the average americans with savings and loans resources. when assessing mortgages today, nearly lenders use fico, which recommended the federal national mortgage association (fannie mae) and federal home loan mortgage corporation (freddie mac). lenders officially began using fico scores make informed credit decisions. with the development mobile internet, big data has rapidly emerged with key role making credit decisions the united states and other global markets. there are three primary methods for big data taking market share: first, data mining, data monitoring, data comparison and differentiated competition; second, analysis and decisions based experiments and data; third, marketing and adjustment based big data; the data-driven credit business offers many inspirations and dramatically improves credit efficiency. however, the credit business every country replete with loopholes every stage the process, such unclear rights and interests, high operating costs, inefficient operations, untrustworthy credentials, and privacy leaks. the root cause these problems lies the provision services fragmented parties through various kinds centralized systems. first, the centralized systems cause too much instability and heighten the risk counterfeiting. second, the fragmentation among systems significantly increases mutual verification and trust costs. finally, data neither wellencrypted during delivery, nor actually authorized users during utilization, thus enabling abuses privacy. human economic activities continue develop, believed that the credit business will further flourish, which consequently raises the bar for credit efficiency, privacy protection, and cost reduction. believed that the idea decentralization and the open consensus mechanisms blockchain technology will offer better solution. cyber sheng foundation ltd. distributed credit chain draft for open community review and subject change. doc no. centralized credit service taking the intermediaries that provide credit services examples, many credit agencies are mired terrible crisis. many online credit agencies, taking advantage information asymmetry, have become centralized profiteering industry. where their huge profits come from? data tells that the highest proportion their income comes from interest spread. from industry-wide perspective particular developing country, the interest spread provides bank's revenue. the lending-deposit spread stipulated some central bank can reach low %-%; however, these are only nominal rates earmarked for big businesses. for most ordinary small- and medium-sized enterprises, the lendingdeposit spread can reach the centralized credit model gives such centers monopolistic advantages monopoly due information asymmetry, the lenders and borrowers lose direct trading opportunities. therefore, people are thinking about possibility for credit service without spread made intermediaries, which would allow lenders, borrowers, risk control models, collection offices, and insurance institutions participate together. such service, lenders and borrowers would able achieve debit -credit balance based consensus and for the purpose service. credit dilemma brought centralized service cost the core cost model credit agency share the costs incurred non interest- earning elements (client-gaining, data, credit review, etc.) and non-repayment loans (bad debt) charging the "good guys" who can pay back the money. obviously, this cost-sharing approach extremely irrational. for borrowers, brings additional cost. for credit agencies, their profit margins are always limited, and cost management becomes ever more difficult. efficiency dragged down, and the profit margin cannot improved. cyber sheng foundation ltd. distributed credit chain draft for open community review and subject change. doc no. from industry perspective, the engineering costs investing significant technological power algorithmic and computation are redundant: nearly every financial institution repeatedly invests science and technology building systems simply determine the borrowing needs roughly identical groups people. efficiency most borrowers the consumer financial markets most countries have little knowledge application requirements, their own credit worthiness, and accessible services. this has spawned large number service agencies and loan intermediaries. creditkarma, for instance, helps borrowers check their own credit scores and recommends consumer finance and credit card products borrowers, which undoubtedly prolongs the loan application chain and reduces the efficiency service delivery. from the credit agency's perspective, significant amounts time and energy are wasted verifying the credit borrowers who not suit their risk appetites, which leads resources waste and drastic decrease efficiency. borrower's interest borrowers lack the ability self-certify their credit, which makes intermediaries more "important" consumer credit underwriting. setting aside false information and looking merely normal operations, consumer credit underwriting both developed underdeveloped countries, there are professional loan intermediaries/brokers customer managers that help borrowers prove their "creditworthiness." especially those countries where the credit information system underdeveloped, the size the loans available borrower significantly affected the material prepared. this causes the borrower unable know their rights and interests, and also bars borrowers from effectively accumulating their credit. for example, china, the primary purpose for more than half young credit card applicants "create credit profile." cyber sheng foundation ltd. distributed credit chain draft for open community review and subject change. doc no. joint debt the level credit reporting different countries the world imbalanced. construction credit reporting some countries and regions relatively backward, and the number customers with credit records insufficient, which also spawned the global entrepreneurial wave internet finance serve customers who have credit records. beneath this wave progress, however, the issue joint debts has largely hampered the industry development and triggered major social concerns. from borrower's perspective, debt information "hashed" various credit agencies, but one should know more about the history their loans and repayments than borrowers themselves. the cost establishing centralized institution carry out individual credit reporting high. profiteering centralized credit model confers monopolistic advantages more centers, enticing many financial institutions deviate from their primary purpose-- serving customers. aiming for profitability, they deduct lenders while squeezing borrowers, and expand their profits extending their customer base. these profits were not consolidated, believe would promote the sound development more industries through improving talent recruitment, making better investment technology, and increasing benefits users. the value decentralized blockchain credit business ... eliminating monopoly and profiteering everyone will able choose their debtors, and decentralized market with numerous competitors, pricing power will rest with the market rather than intermediaries. instead, market participants will get returns and reallocate the data value providing algorithms and computation the blockchain. cyber sheng foundation ltd. distributed credit chain draft for open community review and subject change. doc no. ... protecting privacy reasonably original personal information and non-desensitization data should not stored thirdparty institutions for long term. retaining personal data with the user the most secure storage method. such storage can local, can encrypted and stored the cloud, with convenient retrieval via local addressing. personal data can transmitted the recipient encrypted, point-to-point manner. only the data recipient may process the data, and theoretically, after processing, the data recipient can choose not retain the data. alternatively, data can provided the data demander the form zero-knowledge proof, which allows for verifying the data authenticity and ownership without revealing the original text the information, order fulfill the business requirement. ... eliminating data monopolies blockchain technology allows individuals own and use their data, and eliminates the value premium caused the centralized storage and verification data from third parties. also prevents data from being misused leaked third parties: traditionally, the authenticity data held individuals verifiable and individuals have only ownership data rather than the right use data (which can only gained via authorization agencies means providing proof). ... improving data validation efficiency and reducing data use cost personal data can automatically validated and used for multiple times according data categories, significantly reducing the cost institutions who use the data. the institutions are free from repeatedly obtaining authorization from users each time they use access the data. ... creating "data marketplace" establishing standardized data marketplace helps data certification bodies better promote the data standards they processed, construct the brands and high-value niches terms big data processing, and helps fix the price according data use frequency and through feedbacking data data platforms. financial institutions can also see the number cyber sheng foundation ltd. distributed credit chain draft for open community review and subject change. doc no. available data modules within the data marketplace more conveniently, and thus drive their own systems connect more valuable data. ... risk control anti-fraud and modeling algorithms are provided the blockchain through deep learning and risk control systems, order help financial institutions process personal data without storing data. this method helps financial institutions improve their risk control capabilities accordance with compliance requirements. blockchain discloses risk strategies providing encrypted algorithm, and allows borrowers apply for verification based the algorithms published algorithm providers and credit institutions and proactively screen lenders through the risk strategy service. borrowers who can not access institutional borrowing can choose not apply for loans from those institutions, thus preventing submissions personal information multiple institutions. this would lead drastic increase transaction efficiency and further drop transaction costs for credit institutions, eliminates the need allocate computational resources and payment costs borrowers who cannot receive lending services. ... disclosing lending behaviors during the borrowing process, creating credit history report the blockchain, data approved both parties accessible other institutions that need obtain the data, effectively preventing problems such long-term borrowing and repeated test borrowing. ... positive data feedback beyond use the lender, lending data can used help multiple institutions provide comprehensive analysis the lender's behavior and lending results, and help nonparticipants single-time loans establish more comprehensive personal credit rating system. partial data disclosed also allows more auditors and regulators evaluate systemic risks more effectively. cyber sheng foundation ltd. distributed credit chain draft for open community review and subject change. doc no. distributed credit chain applies the above solutions with blockchain technology real business scenarios, and develop new super credit ecosystem that benefits the world. cyber sheng foundation ltd. distributed credit chain draft for open community review and subject change. doc no. how distributed credit solves the centralized credit problem user account identification system dcc, each individual institution has one dccid generated through public-private key pair form address. this address acts just like member traditional internet system, identifying and associating various real-world attributes (such real-name authentication, bank cards held, number properties owned) and information the credit chain--a loan request, loan, repayment, etc dccid decentralized account system, and its generation does not depend any individual dcc node. any person, organization, company can generate this dccid offline. only when there information needing associated dcc can information stored the dcc ecosystem. dcc uses digital signature technology every step data exchange fully guarantee the non-repudiation individual-chain institution-chain interaction data. cyber sheng foundation ltd. distributed credit chain draft for open community review and subject change. doc no. dcc will provide open source personal credit data management framework-dcdmf (distributed credit data management framework) which supported specific cloud storage provider, and developers, are able quickly rebuild users' personal credit reporting data using dcdmf based their app development needs. users having dccid can exchange data several apps which use dcdmf exporting their wallet addresses. dcdmf uses aes symmetric encryption encrypt data with the private key dccid and its input password (salt), and forms data index with the cloud server through dccid's wallet address. users are able obtain the data index any moment conveniently through address the dccid, quickly get the plain text data from the cloud using their own passwords. distributed credit maintenance system the distributed credit chain entirely redefines the exchange process personal credit. individuals have ownership the data through div (distributed identity verification), and cyber sheng foundation ltd. distributed credit chain draft for open community review and subject change. doc no. can determine the storage, presentation, and use personal data. data service institutions make profits providing individuals with quality data services instead storage and abuse data. the div system protects data from falsification and deception means digital signatures and data digest the circulation process. the div mechanism has the advantage that the data institution directly provides users with data authentication services, and the data would not held third parties. such mechanism provides data sharing support the institutions which were originally intended provide data only their own customers. cyber sheng foundation ltd. distributed credit chain draft for open community review and subject change. doc no. this all stems from decentralization, which transfers the center mastering data from original data oligarchs individuals, stores decentralized data decentralized hands. distributed credit chain stores the nonrepudiable evidence proving the data's generation and accuracy, shown below: personal data will sent the data institution for processing. the standard data processed the institution will returned the individual data report. the individual will save the data report personal data asset locally the cloud, applies the data cyber sheng foundation ltd. distributed credit chain draft for open community review and subject change. doc no. verification smart contract dcc system for verification after hash summary the report, while initiating chain vertification with the original verifying institution. after the verifying institution confirms the hash consistent after verifying the original report, the data labeled authenticated and recorded within limited period time the chain. the risk data leakage during the verification process controlled the minimum extent because the data being verified passed only individuals and data agencies. the digest algorithm used the chain irreversible, and therefore there risk data decoding the chain. through div interaction architecture, decentralized peer-to-peer verification system can widely established among individuals, between individuals and data institutions, well among data institutions. the more verifications entity recieves from entities and the more data assets obtains, the more comprehensive the credit portrait individual will be. this provides more abundant and multi-dimensional data support for financial institutions identify credit risks data reports obtained individuals can used again new data assets enrich their own data accumulation and can used again the data institution, which case more data validation generated. the div mechanism reduces the barriers for big data companies and data processing companies engage user data services, and provides fundamental support enable more scenarios use users' data rapidly. when financial institutions use personal data assets, they only need individuals autonomously submit personal data reports required. the div framework ensures rapid recognition the authenticity and effectiveness the report. this credit reporting system that breaks the boundaries countries and limits scenarios. the individual with dccid can provide the data required the lending institution complete the credit reporting under any scenario. summary: the div framework dcc enables the change from centralized management credit reporting agencies decentralized individual ownership, which will fundamentally alter the original landscape which the personal credit reporting system maintained cyber sheng foundation ltd. distributed credit chain draft for open community review and subject change. doc no. centralized credit information systems each country and region. the mechanism integrates the credit records different countries, regions, and different languages under dccid, and creates platform that does not interfere with sensitive data interactions through countless decentralized individuals and participating institutions, making truly decentralized and independent credit reporting system. this system able serve any individual institution the world and provide any business scenario that requires credit data. blockchain-based lending business ... data entry with the help the open source framework sdv (submitting data validation), the lending institutions can easily input the user's data their existing risk control system. sdv continuously updates the data parsing and verification template libraries according the data provider dcc market, and after entry the user's data into the framework, sdv generates entry data that can used the risk control system based the digital signature and submitted data digest the dccid (the valid data that has been verified being submitted the owner and not being altered). ... lending process dcc suggests that the lending institutions should use chain data maintain the lending process. the user's loan application can submitted the chain directly the user via signature, and the lending institution obtains the entry data through the sdv and updates the approval result the corresponding order. cyber sheng foundation ltd. distributed credit chain draft for open community review and subject change. doc no. ... credit report through contracts dcr (distributed credit report), there will generate list credit history index the dcc system that records the individual's whole life cycle status from application for loans, review loans, repayment, overdue loans, collection, and bad debt. the list indexes alongside the plain text data the actual loan contract held the individual constitutes user's credit history report dcc system, which also the embodiment returning data the individual dcc system. for each record the dcr, only the borrower and lender hold the plain text data, and dcr has only the index list. therefore, although the record index shared the blockchain, cyber sheng foundation ltd. distributed credit chain draft for open community review and subject change. doc no. such record little value third parties. the mechanism also ensures that the sharing data between the lending institutions happens the premise protecting their own privacy. dcr mechanism relatively inexpensive, and for credit institutions, applying blockchain with "risk control data" tremendous value, which can address joint debt the current credit ecosystem more effectively and lower cost. the data dcc are retained tamper-proof format, providing data basis for confirmation claims and the rating claims via algorithms and compution the subsequent asset securitization process for ecosystem data that needs integrated and calculated, dcc will build multiparty computation (mpc) platform with leading universities and colleges china. thus the data from multiple participants can analyzed without collection, and saved locally for collaborative computing; all participants can share the data under identical computing and analysis scenarios without worrying about data abuse third parties, and true cooperation with data privacy protection will achieved. decentralized transmission model dcr will greatly reduce the profits lending information intermediaries, and truly allow profits flow parties needing credit and funding parties. will also make ecosystem competitions more market-oriented, reduce the threshold for participants enter the market, improve the influence risk control capabilities business, and truly facilitate the interest rate liberalization. non-cooperative game between participants dcc uses the blockchain expand the original interlinked credit ecosystem relationship consisting many centralized systems into flat credit ecosystem which the blockchain smart contracts serve the shared medium and all participants are treated equitably. cyber sheng foundation ltd. distributed credit chain draft for open community review and subject change. doc no. the openness the dcc ecosystem enables each participant cooperate independent and equal basis further cooperation between previous lenders and borrowers will not depend the original relationship, and decisions made any participant within the ecosystem will entirely independent other ones, thus creating truly non-cooperative gaming environment. such independent bilateral cooperative model will greatly reduce the complexity system interconnection. easier for credit system technology service providers standardize the modules credit services and provide the credit standard system that can deployed rapidly. based openness, dcc sets access barriers for participants the ecosystem, and has reached cooperation intentions regarding various basic service fields with some outstanding service providers the world advantages the ecosystem the unique and tamper-proof identity system the credit reporting system without data island data monopoly efficient, low-cost credit business system cross-entity, permanent data storage and shared creditor's rights record cyber sheng foundation ltd. distributed credit chain draft for open community review and subject change. doc no. asset securitization with excellent asset liquidity liberalized interest rate formation mechanism cyber sheng foundation ltd. distributed credit chain draft for open community review and subject change. doc no. product scenarios loan registration service loan registration service intended for loans among individuals and generally divided into two types: directional loans and non-directional loans. directional loans between lender and borrower occur when the two parties reach agreement the loan offline, then respectively download the loan receipt software and add each other's certification, and finally complete the signing electronic loan contract distributed credit chain, where payment partners complete the capital transfer simultaneously. users may choose complete the deduction principal and interest through distributed credit services, transfer the money separately offline. the case nonn-directional loans, the borrowers initiate loan application (anonymously preferred) through dapp distributed credit chain, when the lender not desingated. the application will include the amount, duration, interest rates, repayment methods the loan and the tamper-proof personal data integrated and stored the chain data service providers for the borrower. with the credit rating information generated through the algorithm and compution algorithm service providers the chain, the borrower's first-degree friends (friends can automatically added through dapp authorization both parties actively approve the friend relationship the chain) can access the borrower's application and decide whether lend. they confirm lend, both parties sign electronic loan contract and the credit contract the chain, during which funds are generally transferred through payment partners the chain (third-party payment institutions). the borrower's personal credit insufficient, she can realize credit enhancement and obtain the loan through sponsorship provided others the chain. ... consumption loans consumption loans, also called consumer loans, refer individual loans used for further study abroad, housing decoration, purchasing durable goods cars, etc. cyber sheng foundation ltd. distributed credit chain draft for open community review and subject change. doc no. c-end applicants will send their personal application information b-end financial institutions through the chain, test their own data against various screening algorithms financial institutions. qualified applicants may sign electronic contracts with corresponding financial institutions online, and borrow from them. the fund must exclusively used repay the debt designated credit cards. because the cross-regional nature blockchain, c-end applicant could ordinary african laborer urgent need home renovation. this hypothetical laborer has good credit record locally, but the annualized interest rates borrowing from local banks are due unbalanced credit development his own country. through dcc decentralized credit data sharing, canadian bank can assess his borrowing risk and usage scenario. through the credit enhancement the consumption scenario, the bank willing lend him annualized interest rate through the blockchain network. such scenario inconceivable the traditional banking network, but will occur frequently the blockchain's distributed architecture. ... consumption installment consumption installments usually refer the commodity installment purchase agreement entered into between consumer and merchant, where the consumer promises pay installments within given period agreed after the merchant delivers the product. distributed credit chain, consumers can upload their personal data the chain and generate credit rating report. the event purchase, the merchant may authorized check the consumer's personal data and credit report understand and evaluate his her credit status, and decide whether offer installment credit. some consumption business scenarios, traditional banks cannot provide installment services for adequate consumption scenarios due the limits their own loan funds, while using distributed credit contract set, the merchant can organize the user set virtual fund pools corresponding consumption scenarios. these funds the fund pool are still stored individual users through the dccid account. when consumption occurs, corresponding funds are quickly matched based the big data risk-control model the cyber sheng foundation ltd. distributed credit chain draft for open community review and subject change. doc no. blockchain and the risk appetite different virtual pools. diversified investment multiple individuals can satisfy the funding needs the consumer the process, and reasonably reduce the risk borne everyone. for example, numerous food delivery couriers the street may need replace their vehicles' batteries for times day. they were purchase these batteries themselves, the cost would extremely high. battery swap stations were provide these batteries, they would have needed great investment batteries during the early business stages and would face high business risks. distributed banking system could provide customized installment plan which allows couriers pool the funds needed for investing targeted battery procurement. could even introduce tokenization. business income arising out subsequent use the battery, could shared among couriers who made the investment. such self-sufficient financial system inconceivable under traditional financial system, while dcc ecosystem, this plan will carried out quite smoothly and naturally. ... blockchain credit card based the dcc contract set, various individuals and financial institutions can grant credit specific users dcc. the credit amount maintained the chain. through zeroknowledge authentication and homomorphic encryption, many credit providers can, without disclosing the credit amount information each other, determine whether specific consumption allows for overdraft. the overdraft consumption records will also stored the chain the user's credit information and used the ecosystem. dcc-based credit cards can also easily integrate the amount limit given various credit providers for portfolio consumption. because the combined credit card overdraft plans, the institutions that provide credit card reimbursement services can also offer services customers lower cost through the distributed credit reporting system provided the dcc system. this cost reduction not only reflected the acquisition number customers and the single-time acquisition costs, but also the reduction the default rate and overdue duration. with blockchain technologies, dcc expected grow into the largest global credit card organization that does not issue credit cards. cyber sheng foundation ltd. distributed credit chain draft for open community review and subject change. doc no. ... digital asset lending present, digital asset lending, the lack effective personal credit information association between the world data assets and the traditional world, results accumulation historical credit. and there also lacks effective means avoid risk before, during and after loan processing. dcc distributed credit reporting system can help the blockchain-based credit lending platform open credit reporting links, conduct pre-credit risk control, manage performance during loan, and foster the expansion the digital asset lending market. imagine that people with different digital assets could pledge their digital assets through the loan chain and obtain mainstream digital assets (eth, btc, etc.) from different individuals for reinvestment through credit reporting data and credit records. such loan market would create more liquidity for digital asset transaction markets and provide more financial derivatives. facilitating asset securitization ... mortgage claims registration the process asset securitization, since the fund provider not the owner the asset, will have natural distrust the authenticity assets' historical performance, which results its excessive costs hiring external agencies for verification. many cases, the historical data asset not trusted even after due diligence external agencies. the project initiator has only existed for short duration not rated sufficiently, then issuance difficult make successfully. through the dcc contract set, the ownership the underlying assets (real estate, cars, sales contracts, bank notes, etc.) can explicitly registered the chain law firms, certification bodies, notary offices, and the like. when these assets are re-used, the life cycle the entire asset can checked the chain cheap and efficient manner, which effectively avoids repeated mortgage financing. cyber sheng foundation ltd. distributed credit chain draft for open community review and subject change. doc no. the asset securitization business, the original equity owner, the initiator, only investor inferior product after transferring ownership the assets spv. principle, the follow-up services for such assets should completed third party--including recovery repayment, collection overdue assets, and disposal non-performing assets. centralized world, these tasks are often still borne the original equity owner, who might establish team finish such tasks subcontract these tasks. since the original equity owner usually the holder inferior products, the whole data closed-loop not open anyone, thus creating moral hazard risks. maintaining the distribution the entire abs through dcc effectively eradicates such problems, creates real-time shared data between the original equity owner and spv, and makes the asset disposal process totally transparent. ... abs asset distribution the loan contracts formed through dcc ecosystem have decentralized, nonrepudiatable and tamper-proof features and the decentralized credit reporting system established, the assets are endowed with high divisibility and liquidity. asset securitization longer strictly requires the transfer assets single equity holder. instead, new-type technology investment institution that emerges will package and sell lending assets stored dcc through identification, screening, combination and structuring. abs products packaged through dcc assets have good penetrability, the disposal results repayment recovery, overdue asset collection and non-performing assets are clear, and the cost authentication little. all these will bring new products the asset securitization market, which will provide distributed asset management abilities through distributedassetmanage services dcc, greatly improving the technical content and liquidity the entire asset management ecosystem. cyber sheng foundation ltd. distributed credit chain draft for open community review and subject change. doc no. economic ecosystem model dcc-valuation credentials ecosystem dcc the credential used pay for jobs the distributed credit chain. any work the dcc needs paid for with dcc. dcc balance managed through dcc token contract maintain fixed total amount dcc. the financial service system the dcc grows, more and more distributed business scenarios are embedded and used more frequently, which greatly increases the liquidity. dcc's payment handled based the dccpayment contract, which responsible for the dcc payment rules for multi-payer participation. benefits ecosystem contribution use dcc distributed credit chain ... reconstructing credit cost with dcc cyber sheng foundation ltd. distributed credit chain draft for open community review and subject change. doc no. dcc system, the individuals that require data reports from data institutions need pay dccs. such mode will transform the orginal way that data institutions generate revenue, that's, from making profit through collecting and reselling user data through providing better services customers. credit institutions also need pay dccs the certification body when verifying the validity the data. however, the changes the revenue structure the data institution will greatly reduce verification costs which will further reduce overall cost the borrower. dcc's labor market maintained based the dccmarket contract, which responsible for registering, altering, and deleting dcc-priced remuneration from service providers the distributed credit chain. recommends the most appropriate partner individuals institutions through analysis the chain, effectively maintaining market equity and transparency. dcc pricing for services also avoids detrimental impact the production borrowers caused dcc price fluctuations the secondary market. the process conducting business, various participants not need pay attention the price performance dcc the secondary market; instead, they can decide whether use the service through simply judging the corresponding legal tender value the service. ... using dcc redistribute ecosystem benefits the dcc system, individuals applying for credit shall pay dccs for application contract. some portion (for example, allocated data institution according the use weight data verification service credit institutions verification fees; certain proportion (say, .%) will enter the credit reward pool for that day service cost; another certain portion (for example, .%) recycled and used for continued release dcc; the remaining portion (for example, distributed credit result reward. the loan granted successfully after verification and the borrower proactively confirms the loan contract, then the reward returned the borrower. the loan contract not confirmed within day the loan application rejected, then the reward assigned lending institutions. dcc amount paid for loan applictaion decided the borrower own discretion, and credit institutions can set the minimum threshold dcc and handle the priority cyber sheng foundation ltd. distributed credit chain draft for open community review and subject change. doc no. borrowers' applications. principle, the credit institution will give priority borrowers who pay more dccs. through establishment such decentralized trading models, the entire ecosystem distribution pattern interests can dynamically adjusted that the credit processing resources can tilted towards individuals with more dccs (those who contribute more the ecosystem), thus maintaining the sustained vitality the ecosystem. ... using dcc incentivize credit accumulation the dcc system, portion (for example, .%) the loan the application process converted into the credit pool the day and forms the total reward pool with fixed eco reward. according dccreward agreement, day t+, the money credit reward pool will distributed evenly incentivise borrowers who repay loans before day the dcc ecosystem, different types reward pools will formed different businesses the future, and ecosystem participants may receive incentives for different pools when using and contributing different ecosystems. the daily fixed incentive dynamically adjusted the foundation according ecosystem development needs, and daily fixed accumulation will not exceed the total amount dcc. when there dcc that can excavated, the incentives will longer given. dcc incentives ensure that good credit behavior can obtain more convenience lending, which encourages everyone establish their own good credit. ... cross-border credit credentials because the dcc system provides cross-border, cross-scenario, and cross-currency credit service digital assets, dcc can correspond values different legal tender loans various countries, which greatly facilitates the multinational business lending service agencies. being more frequently used, dcc expected become the anchor currency the multinational lending service ecosystem distributed credit chain, and open the value exchange ecosystem service providers various countries. through dcc, users one cyber sheng foundation ltd. distributed credit chain draft for open community review and subject change. doc no. country scenario will able purchase data reports provided the data providers another country scenario, apply for loans from various lending institutions different countries. dcc transactions different exchanges corresponding different currencies can provide cross-border settlement services. cyber sheng foundation ltd. distributed credit chain draft for open community review and subject change. doc no. technology realization system structure dapp dcc decentralized open credit platform. any platform with traffic and scenarios can submit its own dapp applications dcc, provided that these submissions are based distributed credit chain standards. the early stages, ensure the health and stability the ecosystem, the foundation would review dapp release applications. the cyber sheng foundation encourages different scenario platforms enter the dcc ecosystem provide consumption scenarios internet finance through distributed credit chain ecoystem. dcc's team will cooperate with the app team provide dapp with customized development services the early stages, order help lending institutions package and release the lending client based the underlying technology distributed credit chain. such lending institutions can use this client application develop customers and complete customer registration, maintenance, data acquisition, risk control, and management during and after the loan. cyber sheng foundation ltd. distributed credit chain draft for open community review and subject change. doc no. customer addresses created through custom app can exported and imported customers into either universal dapp provided dcc into dapp developed other developers. these universal dapps can use all service structures dccmarket provide lending services customers, thus providing customers with better lending rates through making use price competition between lending institutions and data services providing customers with better lending rates. account (wallet) system dccid uses the wallet generation mechanism identical ethereum. the wallet consists the private key, public key, and address. dccwallet uses the "elliptic curve algorithm" generate public-private keys. the elliptic curve algorithm asymmetric encryption algorithm and has higher security, faster speed, and occupies less space than common rsa algorithms. each wallet account contains key pair, i.e., private key and public key. the private key (k) randomly-chosen number, after which the unidirectional cryptographic function multiplied using the elliptic curve algorithm generate public key (k). then the public key (k)generates the account address (a) using unidirectional cryptographic hash function. cyber sheng foundation ltd. distributed credit chain draft for open community review and subject change. doc no. dccwallet uses private key and keystore password save the private key. the private key can saved dapp, and can also exported stored elsewhere after backup. cyber sheng foundation ltd. distributed credit chain draft for open community review and subject change. doc no. during the iteration the dccwallet version, the collaborative distributed key recovery service will launched with the mpc platform, under the precondition safety verification. private key clients are separately stored multiple independent organizations that cannot independently recover the password. when the key needs recovered, multiple institutions will coordinate key recovery help users store their keys more safely. gateway service gateway service centralized system, which primarily serves ecosystem participants that not have the ability directly access dcc through rpc. they may access dcc via open api through the gateway provided dcc, which greatly reduces business interfacing time. cyber sheng foundation ltd. distributed credit chain draft for open community review and subject change. doc no. the dcc system also provides sdk and other access methods, based the gateway service, facilitate ecosystem expansion and provide easy ways enjoy the credit services dcc. open platform the open platform distributed credit chain centralized system which serves data provider and market. the transcation market serves data collaborators, risk control algorithm providers, credit structuring institutions, and other institution partners. through this platform, institutional partners can check, screen, contact and reach cooperation with other partners based their needs through dcc, while using the services dcc the open platform interfaces with dccmarket contracts. all cooperating institutions can publish their labor costs through this platform. after analysis and processing, these data will sent users and institutions their price basis for choosing the services they need. the real-time quotes will smoothen the exchange information across the institutional service market the open platform will provide blockchain browser view all node operations, block loan request, transaction flow and other blockchain basic information dcc. open source framework frameworks such dcdmf, div, and sdv will open sourced github given with open source github. partners are welcomed modify these frameworks for more customized services. div framework flow diagram object: cyber sheng foundation ltd. distributed credit chain draft for open community review and subject change. doc no. cyber sheng foundation ltd. distributed credit chain draft for open community review and subject change. doc no. cyber sheng foundation ltd. distributed credit chain draft for open community review and subject change. doc no. domain model design: cyber sheng foundation ltd. distributed credit chain draft for open community review and subject change. doc no. sdv framework: cyber sheng foundation ltd. distributed credit chain draft for open community review and subject change. doc no. domain model design: visit https://github.com/distributedbanking/dcc for more open source information. blockchain and smart contract ... consortium chain governance architecture dcc blockchain system that will opened gradually. the ecosystem slowly becomes stable, dcc will evolve from consortium chain public chain. (after the dcc cyber sheng foundation ltd. distributed credit chain draft for open community review and subject change. doc no. main chain online, all tokens will converted into the wallets dcc main chain translation from the ethereum erc contract.) the first stage the ecosystem, dcc will exist consortium chain. billing nodes that access the chain will allocated "billing nodes" "non-billing nodes." billing institution may apply for one more nodes and can also apply for either type nodes. the application institution can qualify billing node pledging certain percentage dcc and apply the cyber sheng foundation. after the cyber sheng foundation reviews the availability and stability the node, and institutional qualifications, the application institution will become billing node. this case, dcc pledged for the billing node will not increase, and the ecosystem will not provide the billing node with billing incentives because billing considered form public service provided the ecosystem. dcc will not consensus token the consortium chain and will not consumed during the transaction consensus process. all billing the consortium chain stage will public service. dcc will work with software vendors that provide credible computing authenticate compute nodes deploying persistent immunity plug-ins billing nodes. the billing will only allowed after the billing node has satisfied credible authentication. the credible authentication node found have any abnormal operation, its billing rights will canceled. after the system deployed and launched online, the cyber sheng foundation will cancel the strategy obtaining billing rights through pledging dccs, and gradually open the entry public billing node any applicant institution can apply become non-billing node, and there will limit the amount such nodes. the cyber sheng foundation promises complete the access approval for non- billing nodes within one week the maximum, gradually open codes non-billing nodes and provide self-service deployment guidance procedures. the second stage the ecosystem, dcc will customize the most appropriate consensus algorithm based common features the distributed bank business and evolve from the consortium chain governance architecture the public chain architecture. any individual may apply join the billing node for billing. present, existing consensus algorithms the world lack the capability support the credit chain. therefore, the cyber cyber sheng foundation ltd. distributed credit chain draft for open community review and subject change. doc no. sheng foundation will release updated plans time based developments algorithm technology. the public chain stage, dcc will reconstruct the account system, use schnorr signature (which safer than ecsda) generate, expand the default data structure the account, and maintain the basic data structure the chain means zero knowledge proof, that the users can directly access and the implementation subsequent financial business will facilitated. terms data preservation, contract deployment and consensus node openness, with reference the experience distributedledger, dfinity, zilliqa, stellar and other projects, dcc also conducts business through different business channels based the needs the different businesses distributed banks dcc settlement services will anchored blockchain's underlying logic and inserted into the business ecosystems each channel smoother manner, more closely link the financial services and consensus together. the process transformation and reconstruction, the experts hired the dcc team and the foundation will provide technical services for constructing the main chain and opening the billing, resetting the incentive mechanism the public chain billing, and migrating the original consortium chain data the public chain, ensure smooth remote control the project. ... consensus algorithm the consensus mechanism important mechanism used dcc maintain the correctness, consistency and continuity data. given current ecosystem needs, dcc uses the pbft algorithm its consensus algorithm. the properties pbft algorithm include: consensus nodes generate block turn and have the same billing right, reflecting peer equivalence and preventing any individual accountant from doing evil. cyber sheng foundation ltd. distributed credit chain draft for open community review and subject change. doc no. block generation can happen within seconds, which can satisfy the needs transactions within short period. supports node fault tolerance: the failure doing evil less than the total number nodes will not affect the consensus; the block synchronization process, signatures are strictly verified ensure data security. pbft consensus algorithm, with its high consistency, high availability, and strong antifraud ability, widely used other consortium chain projects. mature and fairly stable. ... smart contract smart contract chain code deployed dcc, string codes that contain business logic. the first stage dcc's ecosystem, evm container compatible with ethereum will deployed container for implementing smart contracts, and distributed credit chain will support development using solidity language. since dcc adopts consortium chain architecture its first stage, participants not need pay for costs reach consensus block generation. therefore, the mart contracts partners must submitted the foundation for review the open platform and verified the test environment before they are deployed the chain. smart contract code shown follows: cyber sheng foundation ltd. distributed credit chain draft for open community review and subject change. doc no. flow chart smart contract: cyber sheng foundation ltd. distributed credit chain draft for open community review and subject change. doc no. public chain structure ... system structure ... network layer cyber sheng foundation ltd. distributed credit chain draft for open community review and subject change. doc no. use swim the network layer protocol. swim acronym for scalable, weaklyconsistent, infection-style, and processes group membership protocol. its features are follows: scalable. can used build tens thousands large-scale networks. weakly-consistent. does not emphasize strong consistency for the member relation view the nodes. the ultimate consistency achieved means information exchange. compromising consistency improves availability the entire network and ensures the feasibility large-scale networking. infection-style. disseminate information fast through the gossip-style message exchange protocol. separate fault detection from updating member relationship dissemination, avoid flaw that traditional gossip heartbeat detection not available large-scale networks through specific default detection algorithms. the basis maintaining the membership relationship swim agreement, provide http json rpc provide exchange protocol data for nodes. ... core layer book storage provide plug-in book storage interface adapt different book storage implementations, and provide book storage implementation which based embedded k-v database, embedded relational database and separate sql/nosql databases. world status cache the transaction the blockchain essentially refers the process obtaining the next new blockchain status through calculation the current blockchain status. the book storage retains complete and immutable changes all statuses, and therefore undeniable. increase the efficiency obtain the current world status, save snapshot current status the cache for quick reading. the same time, the cache can reconstructed based the book storage, the world status cache does not affect the availability the entire network. cyber sheng foundation ltd. distributed credit chain draft for open community review and subject change. doc no. functional smart contract engine and virtual machine different from other smart contract engines, believe that the smart contract finance pure function assuming the current world status there are: s'=f(s) and the status after the contract has been executed. viewing smart contracts from pure function perspective have the following benefits: easy test. because pure function, there are side effects. the contract can tested without relying the blockchain environment. contracts are algorithms, and contractual regression rules are only used describe business rules without causing side effects the blockchain, thus improving the stability the blockchain. easy cost measure. because only describes the business rules, the complexity the measurement smart contract costs greatly reduced, without having consider the cost side effects such storage, and on. reliable playback. since pure function, implementation the same repeated and the result the same i.e. supports idempotence. will use java development languages core smart contracts. present, java relatively common development language for financial back-end systems. use the jvm container for running smart contracts. account built-in account system, including support for multiple native tokens. encryption and decryption the dcc public chain uses ecdsa for digital signatures and verification and uses ecdh exchange key for encrypted communication. consensus algorithm the dcc public chain open chain available the public. anyone can join the dcc public chain the billing node. propose rebft algorithm randomly generate communication nodes participate the consensus from the whole network nodes. the other nodes synchronize for the follow node. after completing round consensus, the next round leader nodes re-selected. cyber sheng foundation ltd. distributed credit chain draft for open community review and subject change. doc no. ... interactive layer open api the dcc public chain will provide large number open source api interfaces for the participants, and sdk, that some mobile apps and web can engaged chain interactive development. cross-chain adaptation through the development cross-chain adaptation mechanism, dcc's public chain compatible with the current mainstream main chains, such bitcoin and ethereum, carry out cross-chain asset exchange and financial services supporting digital assets. dcc's public-linked r&d will also open sourced github. developers are welcomed participate the research and development dcc's public chain. cyber sheng foundation will provide developers with dcc rewards. cyber sheng foundation ltd. distributed credit chain draft for open community review and subject change. doc no. distribution plan the cyber sheng foundation plans issue total ,,, tokens the encrypted digital currency dcc. the private round famous qualified investors the fields credit and banking will invited for the investment, with the fundraising percentage more than and the investment amount single investor less than eth. this stage, dccs will locked, with the total unlocked before the opening exchange, and another unlocked every two months, with the full amount unlocked months. ico round, dccs will issued non-chinese and american investors. all these will directly circulated. dcc token will exchanged eth. the contributions the token sale will held the distributor (or its affiliate) after the token sale, and contributors will have economic legal right over beneficial interest these contributions the assets that entity after the token sale. the extent secondary market exchange for trading dcc does develop, would run and operated wholly independently the foundation, the distributor, the sale dcc and distributed credit chain. neither the foundation nor the distributor will create such secondary markets nor will either entity act anunlocked months. other allocation details dccs are follows: cyber sheng foundation ltd. distributed credit chain draft for open community review and subject change. doc no. item amount allocation explanations used for follow-up project development, recruitment and marketing etc. tokens are locked private keys for total period months, with the total private round ,,, unlocked working days prior any exchange listing, and another unlocked every two months thereafter, with the full amount unlocked months. ico foundation ,,, qualified individual invertors accepted (except american chinese) lock-up service for further dcc research, eg. project development, business cooperation, etc. lock-up for year, second year lock-up will announced the foundation market cooperation agency consultants ,,, cyber sheng foundation ltd. using bonus reward for early project partners like promote and publicize dcc, start system team and consultants lock-up for years, consistently release year year distributed credit chain draft for open community review and subject change. doc no. eco reward management team total dcc tokens for the first year reward dcc tokens will reward for each next year next years after years rewarding, the annul reward would fixed level years+ consistently rewarding ,,, used incentivise and motivate the founding team for their huge efforts program design, resource organization, commercial environment incubation, and encourage follow-up investment manpower and intellectual resources ecosystem formation. tokens are locked private keys for total period years, with the total unlocked months after any exchange listing, unlocked one year after any exchange listing, and another unlocked every year thereafter, with the full amount unlocked years ,,, ,,, use plan for raised funds item labor costs proportion explanation the project develop distributed credit chain requires large number elite researchers and developers who can integrate the mobile internet, distributed networks, blockchain, financial payment, financial risk control and marketing promotion.. the establishement such ecoystem requires adequate funding for human capital. cyber sheng foundation ltd. distributed credit chain draft for open community review and subject change. doc no. marketing dcc committed building decentralized financial system the future, during which commercial promotion and dissemination will incur significant cost. business cooperation consultancy the future, more cooperation ecosystems will gradually support various distributed business scenarios. with further development blockchain technology, need engage enough technical consultants provide technical support. ecosystem- maintaining low ecosystem operation costs. risk reserve fund for overall operating, respond operations reserve fund operational risk and force majeure factors. cyber sheng foundation ltd. distributed credit chain draft for open community review and subject change. doc no. development timeline august establish project develop distributed credit chain september construct unified identity system based the ethereum test network october build underlying distributed credit chain testnet december deploy online credit declaration contracts based underlying testnet february token exchange march launch the first loan product dapp based distributed credit chain april launch distributed credit chain open platform online may interface with more than five institutions loan, data providing and risk control open self-creation api distributed credit chain establish unifed mpc dcc enter indonesia lending market enter lending markets vietnam other countries southeast asia cyber sheng foundation ltd. migrate the platform public blockchain system distributed credit chain draft for open community review and subject change. doc no. develop distributed asset manage system based publc chain develop distributed settlement system cyber sheng foundation ltd. distributed credit chain draft for open community review and subject change. doc no. cyber sheng foundation ltd. cyber sheng foundation ltd. non-profit organization established singapore. the foundation committed maintaining the healthy growth the entire ecosystem the first phase building distributed credit chain. the ecosystem evolves public blockchain system, the foundation will gradually withdraw from ecosystem protection, and hand over maintenance rights the public blockchain governance structure. the foundation does not receive any eco-benefits from maintenance and does not derive any benefit from dcc. the cyber sheng foundation composed the dcc startup team, core partners, and early supporters (if such parties are institutions, the members said institutions) responsible for the daily operations distributed credit chain the foundation the board directors. each year, the top holders dcc may apply the community supervisory board the foundation, and may join the community supervisory board more than the original community supervisory board members approve their applications. community supervisory board members who drop out the top holders dcc must withdraw from the community supervisory board. the role the community supervisory board provide balanced views the overall direction the project. for the avoidance doubt, while the views the community supervisory board would acknowledged, ultimately the assets and funds the foundation remain under the sole control the board directors. dcc held the foundation during the initial stages development distributed credit chain may used for purposes beneficial the ecosystem such technical team incentives, eco-rewards and expanding the service institution relationship. such purposes require audit reports issued audit authority. cyber sheng foundation ltd. distributed credit chain draft for open community review and subject change. doc no. core team stewie zhu serial entrepreneur the internet and fintech industry led leading saas financial technology company china develop internet-based credit systems for over dozen trusts with multibillion usd annual loan facilitation amount, which was successfully sold publicly-listed company three years. bachelor ee, nanjing university; statistics, yale university m.s statistics, oxford university m.s financial economics ph.d. (candidate) finance, london school economics research focusing finance and game theory. daniel phd mathematics, yale university, usa; postdoctoral research financial engineering, focusing the representation theory, university leipzig, germany head investment banking and asset management, general manager financial department large commercial bank years experience financial institutions home and abroad, working successively deutsche bank headquarters and finance department joint-stock bank headquarters. possesses solid professional knowledge and research abilities, and has been invited give keynote speeches academic conferences and financial conferences china and abroad. specializes capital capital market business, asset management, bank assets and liabilities management, internal fund transfer pricing, cyber sheng foundation ltd. distributed credit chain draft for open community review and subject change. doc no. product pricing, market risk management and modeling, financial derivatives pricing, and the basel new capital accord investment bank/commercial bank stone shi j.p. morgan, vice president, quantitative research, focused derivative pricing, quantitative model risk hsbc, internship, rates, education telecom, ingenieur, majored computer science and applied maths nanjing university, majored electronic science and engineering cyber sheng foundation ltd. distributed credit chain draft for open community review and subject change. doc no. advisors chen net name "jiangnan young cynic (jiangnan fen qing)" partner capital; famous angel investor; invests nearly internet companies author payment revolution wind jiangnan: internet finance bestsellers financial field china voted top figures internet finance china for five years row selected the list man the year hurun report and yao ming managing director and cto china chengxin credit (ccx credit) spent his early years bell labs, then worked the mobile internet and financial industries with extensive experience big data technology, and has long been committed exploring the innovation and application financial big data technology joined ccx credit help the company complete preparatory work for personal credit card issuance, and established the wanxiang credit internet big data credit reporting platform. led team independently develop and successfully apply many core technologies such big data anti-fraud and credit assessment become one china's first practitioners the big data credit rating industry, and was hired number large banks external technical expert since has focused the application and innovation technologies such blockchain, machine learning, and artificial intelligence the financial field, and dedicated promoting intelligent credit assessment cyber sheng foundation ltd. distributed credit chain draft for open community review and subject change. doc no. chen zhiwu former professor financial economics yale university (-), currently serves research director asia global institute hong kong university, and feng foundation professor (economics) school economics and business administration. also serves distinguished professor school economics, peking university. international consultant, china securities regulatory commission, member global advisory committee china minsheng investment company, and independent director idg energy investment group, bank communications and noah fortune. professor chen served member the yale-china association yale university, member advisory committee beijing's five-year and five-year planning experts and general academic director for cctv documentary "wall street" and "monetary affairs." professor chen was member the preparatory expert group when china investment corporation (cic) was founded independent director petrochina company from independent director nordisk fund management co., ltd. from independent director shiji jiayuan network from and director china eagle securities from founder zebra capital management fund management company burson-marsteller, global consulting firm, listed professor chen one "china's ten most influential people" its influencer report" nations most influential people report). research awards include the graham trophy award (), the pacesetter research award (), the merton miller research award (), and the chicago board options award (). professor chen's logic finance won best annual book awards cyber sheng foundation ltd. distributed credit chain draft for open community review and subject change. doc no. bachelor computer science from central south university technology master management science from national defense university science and technology then ph.d. financial economics from yale university henry cao renowned financial economist, now professor finance cheung kong graduate school business, academic director financial mba member financial club, former professor the university california, berkeley, university north carolina chapel hill. published number papers and widely cited internationally renowned journals including journal finance, review financial studies, and journal financial economics; nominated for best paper for journal finance twice and best paper award emerging markets field selected the northern finance association; best paper award for the most invested value the western finance association; won the best paper third prize the china international financial conference; editorial board member annals economics and finance and editor-in-chief international financial review and china financial review. matthew chang matthew chang managing director kkr's china private equity team and was previously the head kkr capstone china. mr. chang has over years experience wide range companies such start-ups, multi-national corporations, and professional service firms mainland china, europe and north america. prior joining kkr capstone, mr. chang served global senior partner roland berger strategy consultants, leading its asian operations and restructuring practices. cyber sheng foundation ltd. distributed credit chain draft for open community review and subject change. doc no. earlier his career, mr. chang was the china managing director alix partners, associate principal mckinsey company, and the asia strategy director diageo plc. mr. chang has m.b.a. degree from imd international and undergraduate degrees mathematics and physics from coe college and the state university new york. cyber sheng foundation ltd. distributed credit chain draft for open community review and subject change. doc no. partners tongniu tech tech the leading saas financial technology company china. committed providing consumer finance saas system services licensed financial institutions such trusts, banks, and small loan companies. tech ranks first china trust industry market share. the process building the distributed credit chain, tech will provide historical credit data application support for historically accumulated data. juzix juzix the global leader distributed ledger technology and committed providing distributed data exchange and collaborative computing services the digital age. providing full range governance services for the flow data, makes data exchange and collaboration easier, safer and more efficient. based completely self-developed data exchange infrastructure technology platform, juzix integrates distributed ledgers, secure multi-party computing, pluggable cryptography frameworks, future-proof cryptography algorithms and protocols, and software and hardware-in-one solutions. provides basic technical platform-level services the fields finance, transportation, logistics, aviation services, intelligent manufacturing, internet things, healthcare and other fields. also fully cooperates with the world's leading cloud platforms provide complete solution for distributed industrial applications. important technical service provider the dcc consortium chain stage, juzix will provide comprehensive technical support the construction phase the consortium chain. deepfin deepfin decentralized blockchain-based asset securitization platform. deepfin, holders digital assets (e.g., copyrights, articles, traffic, etc.) different strands can easily cyber sheng foundation ltd. distributed credit chain draft for open community review and subject change. doc no. complete asset collateralization and fundraising and use different quantitative analysis tools and services price different assets different strands, opening digital assets different chains that users with financing needs disparate communities can easily obtain financing through the digital assets they own. using the blockchain technology transform traditional abs business can accomplish with low cost and high efficiency asset ownership, data validation, and other authenticity validation work. wxy one-stop global marketing and business consulting services platform for highly valuable digital projects, wxy headquartered singapore and its business covers brand names, media promotion, global traffic access, business consulting, capital interfacing, and more. wxy comprised former ogilvy mather executives, former vice presidents the krypton market, former citigroup marketing and finance investment banking executives, core resources such media and funds, and the most formal and professional marketing platform today's currency market. cyber sheng foundation ltd. distributed credit chain draft for open community review and subject change. doc no. early investors jrr capital professional investors and entrepreneurs driving innovation based blockchain technology. based switzerland, jrr committed make investments the best entrepreneurs who are fostering innovation the blockchain technology and related fields. addition, jrr angel investment institution, which also has funded binance.com. with years invest experience, jrr has successfully invested binance.com, wax, hooah.com and dcc now. the blockchain, novel financial technology, holds the promise disrupt legacy parts financial services and create new markets. btx capital btx capital global crypto fund focused the blockchain industry. btx keeps boosting the valuable internet organizations adopt blockchain technology through technical consultation, investment and resource connection, well promoting the awareness and realization the value blockchain. unlike traditional equity investments other purely digital currency funds, btx capital specializes sophisticated internet platforms different scenarios. assisting them applying blockchain business, btx seeks reshape the business ecosystem, improve the eco-cooperative environment, scaleup the real economy, advance technologies and rejuvenate the internet industry with blockchain technology. the core team includes senior investors from sequoia, executives listed china and usa companies, ph.d.s from top universities.it has support from many top-level senior executives investment institutions and project sources behind the top-tier financial institutions, cyber sheng foundation ltd. distributed credit chain draft for open community review and subject change. doc no. well in-depth technical cooperation with universities silicon valley and europe provide the support professional talents the project partners. sen repeated entrepreneur, ex-googler bachelor computer science, china university science and technology, guo moruo scholarship; master computer science, yale university; phd student entrepreneur, founded and operated fengyun broadcast and zhangyu tv; zhangyu was acquired letv. awarded under-s forbes china and forbes asia for outstanding achievements founding cloundacc. mai zizhao telegram-ton cornerstone investor co-founder blockchain laboratory mathtrust mathtrust laboratory jointly established many world-renowned universities, focusing research, experiments from theory, logics, and practices blockchain consensus mechanism. the latest theoretical model brought mathtrust that blockchain chain smart contract series. the main topics covered its consensus mechanism research include but are not limited guarantees smart contract, node ecosystem-related loophole recognition and solutions for node-based security. co-founder abilitychain abilitychain blockchain-based platform for global education underlying application. being public chain collectively built based global developer community, abilitychain initiated mathtrust, who, together with abilitychain's shareholder, are non-profit organizations. cyber sheng foundation ltd. distributed credit chain draft for open community review and subject change. doc no. founder feiyue education feiyue education china's first bilingual educational institution targeting students. its comprehension-based pedagogy and core curriculums are entirely selfdeveloped. cyber sheng foundation ltd. distributed credit chain draft for open community review and subject change. doc no. risks you acknowledge and agree that there are numerous risks associated with purchasing dcc, holding dcc, and using dcc for participation distributed credit chain. uncertain regulations and enforcement actions the regulatory status dcc and distributed ledger technology unclear unsettled many jurisdictions. impossible predict how, when whether regulatory agencies may apply existing regulations create new regulations with respect such technology and its applications, including dcc and/or distributed credit chain. regulatory actions could negatively impact dcc and/or distributed credit chain various ways. the foundation (or its affiliates) may cease operations jurisdiction the event that regulatory actions, changes law regulation, make illegal operate such jurisdiction, commercially undesirable obtain the necessary regulatory approval(s) operate such jurisdiction. after consulting with wide range legal advisors and continuous analysis the development and legal structure virtual currencies, the foundation will apply cautious approach towards the sale dcc. therefore, for the crowdsale, the foundation may constantly adjust the sale strategy order avoid relevant legal risks much possible. competitors possible that alternative networks could established that utilise the same similar code and protocol underlying dcc and/or distributed credit chain and attempt re-create similar facilities. distributed credit chain may required compete with these alternative networks, which could negatively impact dcc and/or distributed credit chain. failure develop there the risk that the development distributed credit chain will not executed implemented planned, for variety reasons, including without limitation the event decline the prices any digital asset, virtual currency dcc, unforeseen technical difficulties, and shortage development funds for activities. security weaknesses hackers other malicious groups organisations may attempt interfere with dcc and/or distributed credit chain variety ways, including, but not limited to, malware attacks, denial service attacks, consensus-based attacks, sybil attacks, smurfing and spoofing. furthermore, there risk that third party member the foundation its affiliates may intentionally unintentionally introduce weaknesses into the core infrastructure dcc and/or distributed credit chain, which could negatively affect dcc and/or distributed credit chain. cyber sheng foundation ltd. distributed credit chain draft for open community review and subject change. doc no. other risks addition the aforementioned risks, there are other risks (as more particularly set out the terms and conditions) associated with your purchase, holding and use dcc, including those that the foundation cannot anticipate. such risks may further materialise unanticipated variations combinations the aforementioned risks. you should conduct full due diligence the foundation, its affiliates and the dcc team, well understand the overall framework and vision for distributed credit chain prior purchasing dcc. cyber sheng foundation ltd.