october volodymyr panchenko alexander kokhanovskyy sergey nemesh abstract dmarket global marketplace solution that turns every virtual item into real commodity. this paper discusses how combine blockchain technologies and seven years industry experience open this multi-billion dollar market the existing world economy. all that time people spend playing games their mobile, pc, console any other platform could finally worth something. essentially, dmarket new ecosystem where gamers, developers, and entrepreneurs can efficiently and securely evaluate and trade virtual items. thus, dmarket creates new economy that joins with existing real-equity markets. early-access the present paper was given number individuals from the gaming industry and blockchain community. the authors deeply thank and acknowledge the comments and criticisms that have made the design dmarket and this whitepaper good they are. any faults that remain are, course, the authors'. table contents introduction market industry video games digital e-commerce gaming market analysis cryptocurrency market product details problem definition the solution for gamers items unique signature history influence market development for developers and publishers increased revenue bounty program for the game developers and publishers use-case dmarket business opportunities modders, designers contributors technologies the dmarket system dmarket coin dmarket token in-game item product monetization dmarket coin economy summary product roadmap token sale token sale phase token sale phase use funds dmarket: projections our commitment after the token sale phase our team advisory board sources introduction real life, whether you are lawyer, crypto trader, game developer miner, you spend time, experience, and even luck working achieve something. this always results new experience and/or real assets. and since yours, you can sell, gift just throw any asset away. around billion people play games different platforms and devices, creating gaming industry that reached billion and continues boom. only pro gamers make profit from the time and skill they spend gaming, including the trading in-game items they accumulate. just couple games accumulating only the global audience made turnover billion in-game items. the rest gamers are out the market. the existing technologies cannot connect the many game universes and platforms together. result, players are stuck with their useless items, despite their time and effort. the growth the gaming audience and the rise the and markets has compounded this situation. our team knows exactly what gamers want. twelve months ago, started trading virtual items just couple games, and since then have traded million virtual items. know what the market needs and have already developed unique platform that enables satisfy that need. are now developing marketplace based blockchain and smart contracts that enable the one-click sale, exchange evaluation every virtual item between all games any platform. the dmarket token will the only currency the platform, providing different options that affect every trade, exchange, fee and smart contract. the end this whitepaper, you will see how are building new online economy with the dmarket token. billion gamers will finally able enter global virtual item market. using our api, every game developer will easily connect their game dmarket and gain from the increased value, revenue and time spent their games. market industry video games there are approximately billion gamers across the globe who are expected generate revenue billion this shows billion (.%) growth compared digital game revenue will account for about billion (%) the global market. use the most profitable segment mobile, showing billion (%) and claiming the market. according the vr/ar report provided digi-capital, the virtual reality and augmented reality (vr ar) market expected reach billion also, digi-capital claims that the size the gaming market going reach billion over the next five years. many companies, such microsoft corp., nintendo co. ltd, and sony corp., are launching their own vrcompatible console, and this competition accelerates the industry whole. https://newzoo.com/insights/articles/the-global-games-market-will-reach---billion-in-- withmobile-taking-/ http://www.digi-capital.com/reports/#augmented-virtual-reality digital e-commerce gaming market analysis this section, review the biggest players the global in-game items trading market. the steam platform was released september over the past years, has gained enormous popularity among the gaming community, reaching billion revenue this platform was the first allow trading ingame items, but all the profit received from trading held inside the platform, without the possibility cashing the money out. moreover, the possibility trade in-game items very limited and presented just few games (cs:go, dota, tf, pubg, hz). steam pros: steam has become the largest marketplace for video games and mods commercialization; had billion revenue steam's rate acquisition and catalog offering have shown rapid growth. this day, almost million paid games have been activated; steam also offers many services for players, modders and game developers, like object trading, beta/alpha release, game presale, objects listing, payment processing and credit card verification. steam cons: steam technology and servers are centralized, and have complete control over the availability any single product item their catalog, which leads security (account) fraud; most the games steam don't have any functionality for in-game item trading. only three games have significant influence overall turnover in-game items (cs:go, dota, tf); steam users don't have any real influence platform development; steam doesn't allow users cash out virtual platform currency; steam has high fees for trading in-game items (up %); steam technology does not support multi-platform and multi-engine trading. https://www.statista.com/statistics//steam-game-sales-revenue/ here are some figures that show average daily steam user numbers and the overall number games connected steam: number daily active users: (as --); number games: (as --). opskins in-game items trading marketplace that was launched december the service implements the steam api enable the trading in-game items. currently, opskins the biggest skins trading platform the planet with ten million unique users monthly. opskins pros: q-q turnover conducted around million; one the biggest communities for skins trading (over million users monthly); real money cashout. opskins cons: doesn't have official support from steam (lots account fraud); high fees for transaction and cashout (up %); supports only few steam games; due the use the steam api, highly dependent steam. cryptocurrency market for the first time, cryptocurrencies hold market cap larger than billion. bitcoin (btc) owns the biggest share, with slightly over billion (.% all cryptocurrencies). but the recent wave other coins, like ethereum ether (eth), has helped bring the total cap over the top. http://store.steampowered.com/stats/ https://steamspy.com/year/ https://www.similarweb.com/website/opskins.com#overview http://www.marketwatch.com/story/with-bitcoin-surge-cryptocurrencies-top--billion-inmarketcapitalization--- https://howmuch.net/articles/worlds-money-in-perspective bitcoin peaked its all-time high (ath) recently both price and market cap. product details problem definition every minute spent in-game leaves gamers with virtual goods. this could new armor, fancy car just pile crystals. unfortunately, there easy way (or way all) trade these virtual assets among the billions gamers around the world. game universes are not connected each other, which means there safe and easy way trade between them, and reliable way approve these trades. was not technologically possible build bridge between the dozens game engines, independent and global game developers, and the mobile and console worlds. more than the million games sold the last years more years old. there are currently thousands games, where people can potentially trade and exchange digital items. but this impossible, due the inability game developers provide local trading markets for each game. billions gamers possess rare items, fancy items, memorabilia items. all high demand, but technologically limited trade. the solution this market void and our many years experience have inspired dmarket, the first decentralized, global marketplace for trading any digital items. fill the gap, have offer scalable, cross-platform solution that enables gamers trade any virtual item from any game. are creating new economic segment. any kind collaboration between gamers and game developers our platform will regulated market demand. therefore, gamers have their own interest collecting rare items, and game developers are interested creating and maintaining unique, relevant and tradable gaming content. users (players well developers) will able leverage their own achievements and time spent, either for better gaming experience for profit. dmarket will also easy place start showing off other players. this adds completely new dimension game virtual assets: the notion virtual capital. how dmarket works for gamers want provide opportunity for every gamer (dmarket user) the world able evaluate their time, skills and luck. gamers will able perform easy, one-click buy/sell, exchange, and evaluation every possible game asset, item, skin, another game object. make this possible, each dmarket user will provided with account full-time basis. the account will preserve all data our decentralized database and interact with users utilizing smart contracts. value for gamers: in-game item trading and profit-making; opportunity create in-game content and participate its turnover dmarket; security accreditation for every transaction within dmarket; opportunity get unique collectible in-game item; opportunity switch between games without losing gained arsenal ingame items. items unique signature history blockchain technology and unique identification turn every item dmarket into exclusive product with its own history, providing each item with additional and even collectible value. thus, achievements previous holders could influence the price and value item over time. let's imagine, for example, collection unique items used cybersports champions who took part world tournaments those items couldn't bought from the game developer, but they could bought from dmarket members who had them. thus, for one player, could important collect items from tournament series, while for others will their exciting mission collect all kinds armor used their favorite esports players. influence market development buying power will provide users with real impact the development game assets, items, and mods. the cross-platform and cross-game items exchange will open new opportunities discover and play games while levering each user's virtual gaming capital. for developers and publishers early access the present paper was given number developers from the gaming industry. most them showed intense interest integrating the dmarket api into their games. moreover, they have helped compose case studies and monetization methods for different platforms (pc, consoles, mobile, vr-compatible platforms), and expand our knowledge in-game economics. offer unique solution for game developers. dmarket's api ready-touse solution for giving value any digital item--whether armor, sword, gems, other items--as well item monetization. first, libraries will cover the most popular engines, such unreal, cry engine, and unity that will open dmarket integration with most games the market. then, will add custom engine support. also, are working mobile game solution for ios and android. have roadmap for games with different business models (pay-to-play, free-to-play, and pay-to-win) with different number players (console single and multiplayer games) for all types platforms (pc, consoles, mobile games). after studying all these monetization types, have win-win solution for every market. value for game developers: marketing intensification and general audience increase. raised funds will put into events, promos, and general advertising that will expand the audience games presented dmarket; revenue increase. publishers will receive most the fees from every exchange their intellectual property: in-game items; ltv increase. lifetime value will dramatically increase gamers are expected spend the game hunting for items. gamers will able not only have fun, but also get additional revenue while playing; dmarket gives opportunity gamers and game fans test themselves content developers and create unique in-game assets for any game stored dmarket. the best items, approved publishers will integrated into the game. this will enrich the gaming world with new and unique in-game assets, well bring additional revenue both gamers and publishers. smart contracts and blockchain technology will guarantee the transparency all transactions and automatically distribute profits within agreed terms all parties. raised funds will used for the development costeffective business models for in-game item turnover. will applied the business models suggested publishers and developers. increased revenue dmarket will provide developers and decision makers with platform which games can leverage additional years existence. combined with strong ingame economy system and interesting new features, even single games (not part franchise and without multiplayer features) could expect see constant income increase. developers virtual items presented dmarket will gain most the fees from every trade commission (up every transaction dmarket). this solution aims generate new ways game monetization and increase lifetime value. the evolution blockchain technology and smart contracts has enabled exclude fraud the maximum possible extent, whether it's database hacking account hacking. the key criterion our decision create dmarket. addition, the expansion the tradable market will connect ever-increasing number potential customers and open whole new world marketing. bounty program for the game developers and publishers offer special bounty program for developers and publishers. the dmarket funds attracted two phases token sales will spent stimulate the developers and publishers create cost-effective and attractive business models for the turnover the in-game items stored dmarket's blockchain. use-case single player and multiplayer and console games could generate revenue for developers from the trade hard-to-get, rare, and collectible items. skins for in-game items could fulfill the human drive different and avoid changing the balance existing game. mobile games with pay-to-win pay-to-play models could benefit from skin turnover. developers will provided with the option adding durability every item officially sold the game, well opening trade market for used items. that will increase the turnover new virtual assets and add revenue from every used item sale without cannibalizing main sales. additional sources income are memorabilia items for winning championships, collaboration with designers, previously owned game stats. information about each item's owner and history will secured the blockchain. this will create additional demand for these items from rare asset collectors celebrity gamers. will provide detailed case studies for every platform, along with technical data, standalone document. dmarket business opportunities the api developed dmarket provides multiple opportunities for entrepreneurs. in-game items could integrated into popular online stores, used payments for goods and services. potentially dmarket will enable in-game items become real assets. when this happens, you might able insure your in-game assets receive loan from the bank using your virtual assets security. that's what strive for. modders, designers contributors the market for modders will open any game developers, designers, modders, and content creators. the well-balanced percentage and use smart contracts will provide the ecosystem with the opportunity win presale and beta/alpha production cycles, increasing the community while building user base and setting individual economic network. the dmarket network will help gamers estimate the value their virtual capital and help game developers increase their revenues. technologies are developing dmarket very high-load system. the market potential consists billions users, each whom has thousands digital items. after passing the milestone million users, the second phase product development will focus our own blockchain solution. the current version the dmarket network blockchain, implemented using rust and ++, has the following characteristics: high-speed response. can process transactions per second, which will enable the platform ensure proper transaction processing speed. elasticity. the developed blockchain ensures smooth operation (even one-third the nodes the blockchain network are disabled compromised). improved security. due the fact that our system written rust, systems programming language designed without segmentation faults guarantee thread safety, the blockchain ensures improved security all processes occurring the platform. our development team uses exonum blockchain framework. this stage, this framework the optimal solution for unleashing dmarket`s potential, which allows you create efficiently functioning blockchain product with all the necessary characteristics listed above short period. the dmarket system the dmarket system divided into two independent parts. the first decentralized blockchain database completely independent distributed information storage system for all transactions that take place the game and/or the trading platforms. dmarket`s blockchain uses smart contract technology, which will ensure transparency and security the transaction for all participants. the capability smart contracts involves the management required conditions, digital items, and internal cryptocurrency, acting independent intermediary. the payment and transfer digital items are processed through smart contract based all its terms. smart contracts provide much higher level security than ordinary contractual right. addition, the technology allows for reducing transaction costs. dmarket implements the following functions through smart contracts: control in-game items` presence (based hash) and their available quantity; control users` solvency purchase particular item; other parameters that will preset the user system. smart contract activated after successful purchase function initiation and responsible for making mutual cost clearings. smart contract verifies the user's solvency, well the right own items and the size the commission. the second part the dmarket system: this independent trading platform that capable processing hundreds thousands operations per second and interacting with blockchain. this layer developed using the golang, postgresql. order deliver high performance, dmarket developers have chosen micro-service architecture with the restfull api. clusters, built kubernetes, ensure the stable operation micro-services. the dmarket system also uses independent multimedia storage service. this service interacts with both the blockchain and the trading platform, functioning high-speed storage media resources. thanks this service architecture, even its complete disconnection will not affect data continuity and safety. additional modules the dmarket team developing huge number additional modules that will implemented the marketplace particular, the development statistics management modules using ai, which turn will use bigdata analysis modules. this will provide opportunity monitor the dynamics growing amounts data the system, obtain detailed analytical data the transmission chains virtual items, and monitor the demand for certain virtual items the network. architecturally, all modules are built independently each other, which increases the stability the entire system. the crash one module will not cause the failure the entire system. all components the platform interact with each other with the help restfull api, specially designed provide data exchange between the internal and external modules the system. integration dmarket`s api manage in-game items, game developers will receive all the necessary tools the form api documentation, dll-libraries ready-made solutions that will developed for popular game engines. that greatly simplifies dmarket`s integration into games. the moment, are already developing services that will help make the adaptation process games written unity cryengine unreal engine quick and understandable possible, and also allow you design and flexibly adjust the economy in-game items. also, the dmarket api will provide number additional features. in-game items can integrated into popular online stores and used payment for goods services. how does the system work from the perspective the end user? here how the dmarket platform shall operate upon its complete launch. the user needs create account dmarket. automatically, the system creates wallet the basis the already existing cryptocurrency: dmarket tokens. once the user has access his account, can immediately start working with the wallet, adding the needed amount dmarket tokens in-game items presented the marketplace. conduct trading operations, the system automatically synchronizes the in-game items the user with his personal account the blockchain and marketplace. synchronization carried out with the help api using the user`s credentials for authorization. implement this synchronization and the overall interaction the game with the trading platform, game developers will provided with api that will contain the following basic groups methods: methods for registering developer the system, while the system registers new balance account for the developer; methods for generating hash values for each game item (hash will used unique value, account for virtual items.); methods for transferring hash values within the network between players and sellers; methods allowing the identification the state each game item; methods that track certain parameters certain virtual objects. since smart contracts allow you implement complex chains interaction between all market users, you need tool that simplifies the usage smart contract end users. for this, intend create special design with userfriendly interface that will allow you easily set basic parameters for contract implementation. dmarket coin dmarket coin the only virtual currency that operates dmarket. all transactions with digital goods (including fees) are made dmarket coin only. after the token sale phase all contributors will receive erc- exchangeable dmarket token the ethereum network. after the launch the main dmarket network, this will exchanged -to- with native dmarket coin. the issue dmarket tokens will held once only. the number tokens produced will correspond the number tokens sold the crowdsale, but more than the declared hard cap. dmarket coin functionality within the platform: virtual currency for buying selling in-game items; delivering sales commission the owners the rights digital property; buying premium accounts for wholesale and individual sellers; purchasing bigdata analytics. dmarket coin will used the dmarket and will not limited the platform; the future will become fully-fledged virtual currency item. you can buy dmarket tokens during two sale phases. the first sale phase was held august during this period, users were able buy tokens with more favorable purchase terms. the second sale phase will start november and will continue through november dmarket token in-game item please note: cryptographic tokens referred this section white paper are cryptographic tokens launched blockchain that adopts dmarket.io software. they are not the erc--compatible tokens being distributed the ethereum blockchain connection with the dmarket token distribution. blockchain connection will established between each dmarket token (ingame item) and dmarket coin. each game element will represented the wallet the form dmarket token. each item will marked the property the company the person who created it, identified the dmarket blockchain its own unique id. this will make possible track the item within the system with specific features any other additional properties, which are defined smart contract. virtual items (dmarket tokens) will only released their developers and copyright holders. types digital goods: game virtual currency; games/goods/services; game items and consumables; skins and designs; mods, cards, and additions; music and sfx. dmarket tokens (in-game items) are created through the use the api's endpoint and token factory. the api itself can imported into the libraries the most popular engines; this simplifies the connection the asset creators (developers and publishers) with dmarket. the creators virtual items will able to: add and delete virtual goods; set the basic prices for goods; add different features their goods (e.g. virtual item can labeled premium, common used); allow collective creation goods; ban certain users from conducting transactions with the goods. token unique property the digital goods particular user, which stored the blockchain. the ownership goods and property will secured the system the marketplace outside the game world. token (virtual good) subject alienation, meaning that can bought sold given from one owner another. the system will also have its own evaluation methods that can requested one click (or api request) with minimal fees. each transaction held the dmarket has the main fee the total amount the transaction. most the fee will sent the developers and copyright holders whose items are involved the transaction (publishers and developers). the remaining element the fee will due the dmarket. product monetization dmarket coin economy one the key priorities dmarket monetization, which beneficial for all participants. monetization achieved via transaction fee each change item ownership the dmarket. will not more than and the rightsholder in-game assets will receive most this commission. both transactions and commission charging are carried out dmarket coin using smart contract technology. dmarket offers number additional features. the game assets represented dmarket can integrated into popular online stores and used payment for goods services. raised funds will spent stimulate the developers and publishers create and develop cost-effective business models for in-game item turnover. summary billion gamers are currently facing technology limitations their right trade in-game items. with time and effort, they earn virtual assets that are rare, fancy, and sometimes simply wanted other players. creating dmarket, blockchain-based marketplace, can connect all games and platforms together. with the built-in token and smart contracts technologies, dmarket will enable users make one-click sale, exchange every virtual item among all games any platform, well evaluate their assets. dmarket makes virtual items real. offering gamers opportunity buy and sell in-game assets all gamers globally, dmarket creates new in-game item economy worth more than billion and turns virtual items into real assets with the help blockchain technology. using our api, every game developer will easily connect its game dmarket. that will increase lifetime value, revenue, and time spent the games. users will enter the global economy with virtual items. furthermore, dmarket's api provides number business opportunities for other entrepreneurs. items stored dmarket blockchain can integrated into popular online shops, and then used payment method. game developers are very welcome discuss api implementation and dmarket economics their current and future projects. invite every qualified and interested blockchain and crypto developer open discussion about network creation. crypto investors are invited participate the main token sale starting november part the new world economy worth more than billion. join dmarket today! product roadmap the dmarket idea birth market research and integration meetings with game developers brand awareness and dmarket alpha (testnet), token token sale phase sale phase token emission, dmarket token listing dmarket security audit api integration games with and product launch users, in-game items value exceeding api integration games with users, in-game items value exceeding api integration games with users, in-game items value exceeding token sale token sale phase dmarket tokens were sold start date: august nyc time, utc-) end date: august nyc time, utc-) dmarket token sale cap (phase #): dmarket tokens minimal goal start: dmarket tokens currency accepted: eth, btc token exchange rate: eth dmarket tokens amount tokens per one person: unlimited minimum transaction amount ethereum: eth minimum transaction amount bitcoin: dmarket tokens maximum transaction amount: unlimited bonuses: day bonus day bonus day bonus day bonuses token sale phase start date: november new york utc london cet moscow mumbai shanghai, utc tokyo, utc end date: november new york utc london cet moscow mumbai shanghai, utc tokyo, utc dmarket token sale cap (phase #): dmarket tokens currency accepted: eth, btc, ltc the exchange rate eth tokens the minimum transaction: dmarket tokens eth) the maximum transaction: dmarket tokens eth) amount tokens per one person: dmarket tokens eth) after the token sale closed, the total token amount sold issued and reserved for dmarket's core activities, and reserved for dmarket advisory board and partners. the dmarket tokens will sent the user's personal respective cryptocurrency wallet after dmarket token sale phase advisory board partners core activities reserve token sale use funds total financial analytics sales and business analytics department administrative and general business expenses external and internal legal support marketing and advertising conferences, business trips accounting and audit development and product development game developer bonuses total dmarket: projections the gaming industry's revenue reached billion and still booming. expected that this figure will reach billion dollars. the estimated in-game trading turnover billion. and this volume generated only million people. dmarket unlocks in-game item trading for more than billion people that's the number people who play games every day different platforms and devices. the market will exceed billion. considering the growth the gaming industry and the opportunities that dmarket opens, believe that the market for game content will reach such level that virtual items will sold par with real goods top-of-the-line online platforms. and well-known designers will cooperate not only with sports car brands, but they will start create capsule collections for gta world warcraft. believe that virtual items will extend beyond the game worlds and become integral part real life. expected, banks will accept in-game content collateral, issue loans for the purchase rare collectible virtual item. insurance companies will easily insure unique virtual sniper rifle that helped win the world championship. jurists and lawyers will advocate and litigate the owners' rights virtual items just any other property car house. key metrics games users (mln) in-game asset value (usd, mln) dmarket annual trades turnover (usd, mln) target volume our commitment after the token sale phase our team volodymyr panchenko founder ceo private merchant digital games the world games sold over the past years via ebay, ga, kinguin) founder skins.cash biggest virtual items marketplace items sold over the past year) founder and ceo suntechsoft total annual revenue alexander kokhanovskyy co-founder years experience the e-sports industry founder na`vi (natus vincere) most popular and one the most successful e-sports teams became shareholder esforce holdings biggest e-sports entity funded usm group (mail.ru, .com, megafon) with more than investments last round sergey nemesh cto blockchain development and implementation years experience big data solutions development years experience development and integration (smart sensors, databases) andriy khavryuchenko blockchain architect senior developer dash cryptocurrency (world top market cap $.b) years crypto developing years software development oleg panasenko project manager alexander matsenko development tech lead illia syniakin development tech lead dmitriy vityuk development tech lead sergey gudyma andrey zolotarenko tech lead product manager julia laznyuk advisor viktoriya kim chief media/content department anton kryvnov iryna loza chief marketing officer business partner back-end andrii nasinnyk roman zhuravel anton tribulkevich vladislav mysiur andrey bobryshev rustam yengalichev sergii cherniavskyi vitalii boiko front-end roman semak oleksandr buchek anastasia barabash mike kovetsky bohdan polishchuk nikolay batashov roman karbushev bohdan kiryanov dmitriy didyk denys galyuk iryna huziienko svetlana mankut devops aleksandr kryvoruchko alexander samarin kostiantyn kryvasov system administration vladimir buksha vyacheslav voronkin product ivan antipov eugene dzidziguri pavel slobodianiuk design valeriya bediya victoria leshchenko semen kryuchkov marketing, sales anastasiya drazhnik maksym osnach kateryna medushyvskaia oleh harbar sergey danyliuk vladyslav shvets pr, smm, content eugene bozhenko eugenia ostapenko alisa serbeniuk-kuchinskaya dmitry karachan yana shevchenko vladislav nazarkin hanna synetska seo artem tarasenko roman pinskiy andriy nikitiuk support dmitry kravchenko vsevolod kornieiev ivan fesenko vladislav shevchenko vitaly chekalenko yuriy samusenko mikhail tychyna vladimir olekhnovich eugene koziy elena zabolotnaya nikita sergeev roman pilipenko artem porozhnyak alexandra lutsenko alexander mamzurenko ulyana bogdan anastasia zobova iryna zadnipryana financial tamara slanova olga tymoshyna olena myronyk advisory board oren klaff managing director intersection capital billion aggregate trade volume across diversified portfolio companies and transactions), author bestseller dr. moe levin ceo keynote, global technology conference company which has been responsible for over $mm investments into cryptocurrency and blockchain startups. co-founded the first accredited blockchain academy brian kerr managing director ventures, founder ceo fnatic gear igor matsanyuk chairman game insight, senior ex-vice president mail.ru, founder imi.vc, founder farminers oleg yavorsky marketing director vostok games evgeniy grygorovych project leader gsc game world (s.t.a.l.k.e.r., cossacks game series) denis dovgopoliy founder growthup, investor, advisory igor karev ceo tatem games sources https://newzoo.com/insights/articles/the-global-games-market-will-reach--billion-in--with-mobile-taking-/ http://www.digi-capital.com/reports/#augmented-virtual-reality https://www.statista.com/statistics//steam-game-sales-revenue/ https://www.polygon.com//// /repor t-paid-steam-gamesmarketestimated-at-over---billion-in- http://store.steampowered.com/stats/ https://steamspy.com/year/ https://www.similarweb.com/website/opskins.com#overview https://howmuch.net/articles/worlds-money-in-perspective https://www.superdataresearch.com/market-data/market-brief-year-in-review/ https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/decentralised_system https://bitcoin.org/bitcoin.pdf https://blockgeeks.com/guides/smart-contracts/ http://www.blockchaintechnologies.com/blockchain-smart-contracts https://support.steampowered.com/kb_article.php?ref=-udxm- https://blockchainhub.net/blockchain-oracles/