providing free basic healthcare since the world through universalization, integration and improvement medicine with the help and blockchain. sidrese cv. https://ico.docademic.com what believe: believe world where everyone has access quality healthcare, not only the privileged few. blockchain technology and human-ai assistance are the means achieve this and our mission provide the products and services necessary for the world transition decentralized healthcare system. democratization health has begun. the power everyone's hands. the crypto-healthcare human-ai model here. docademic team the answer for healthcare market incentives, not healthcare godzillasized government bureaucracy. mitt romney, governor massachusetts and the republican party's nominee for president the united states the election. smart contracts will redefine exchange-based marketplaces across healthcare, energy, finance and utilities. peter nichol, managing director oroca innovations, one the world's foremost experts healthcare and blockchain technology. the safety the people shall the highest law --marcus tullius cicero mtc abstract background docademic platform mtc token sale who benefits docademic's competitive advantage competitive landscape roadmap docademic app docademic for doctors other services token overview token specifications use proceeds docademic blockchain individual and institutional investors token holders financial services innovators and society large world class team product readiness healthcare provider and government relationships regulated the usa and latam and soon rest world. compliance and security summary abstract mtc the docademic platform single globally-sourced healthcare service platform for the public that begins with free human doctor-ai assisted video telemedicine service (docademic app) already use countries thousands users and associated suite assisted tools and social network for the medical community (docademic for doctors). combined, these produce the highest level free basic quality healthcare allowing any individual access the benefits and knowledge healthcare that technology now permits. the docademic platform's docademic app built top docademic's existing, patient data routing and assisted technologies soon blockchain enabled. with its simplicity use becomes the ultimate resource for anyone who needs orientation health-related issue--a one touch system that connects any patient with doctor through video telemedicine for free, from any country user located in. all patient information will secured blockchain and represents perfect on-ramp healthcare services blockchain. comparison, other healthcare related blockchain projects don't have effective on-ramp healthcare services. with our free telemedicine service can get the masses benefit from blockchain technology healthcare. the docademic platform's docademic for doctors social network offers ongoing medical education, patient referrals, tools for doctors everyday practice, and real time reporting epidemiological data for our clients and researchers. serving all client sizes and requirements: the docademic platform combines it's docademic app and docademic for doctors social network derive high-end services such real-time geographic epidemiological data reporting, automated ai-driven treatment and diagnosis suggestions for doctors institutions private practice, massive access patient populations for preventative campaigns, and docademic's advanced proprietary tools such its ai-assisted electronic health record and digital vademecum. mtc universal native token: the medical token currency, mtc the fuel that will power all services docademic provides. are already talks with healthcare institutions, governments and partners make mtc the preferred token for their own upcoming and existing medical services, they migrate decentralized platforms. envision mtc will used the broader healthcare industry and any other industries for various purposes including payment and remittance. the end goal: docademic building solid, global healthcare utility--an advanced platform the entire patient population and medical community will use great advantage; where anyone can participate users and token holders. docademic will become complete healthcare ecosystem for the worldwide patient/doctor population with digital access. mtc background mtc when satoshi nakamoto brought blockchain into the world few visionaries understood the disruptive shock wave that would start reshape the healthcare industry. like the internet and gutenberg press, promises distribute power and control information among individuals and remove from the clutches the elite. since, bitcoin went from market cap zero billion powered blockchain technology. this just the beginning. the market cap all crypto tokens combined stands over billion--with the surrounding infrastructure and ecosystem likely worth lot more. most crypto token value far has come from speculation and trading. many are looking find the "next bitcoin". almost every day new crypto tokens comes market seek fortune hundreds exchanges worldwide, and thousands more will follow. utility these tokens key their success. new and old industries powered millions individuals and new businesses will build their entire foundations these decentralized crypto token based ecosystems. from ordinary payments important health data sharing, huge institutional transfers, fundraising and investments, smart contracts and new services that are just being imagined into existence--disruption coming rapid rate. healthcare fundamental part this transition and possibly the industry that will benefited the most. the new way accessing healthcare here. democratization health has begun. the power and utility are now everyone's hands. here's few interesting statistics. the global healthcare expenditure market processes trillion transactions per day. cryptocurrency's daily share all its industries including healthcare relatively smaller around billion--although sometimes reaches billion. while there are countries the world with universal healthcare, there are over countries with universal free healthcare. healthcare services that use crypto-tokens and blockchain are just being born. when look these figures, they indicate that the mtc crypto healthcare-market going continue upward trend more healthcare services start using blockchain technology. human beings all need this revolutionary innovation. enter docademic. successful healthcare technology company with impeccable reputation and healthcare industry pedigree. september are the first global healthcare technology company the world have launched free video telemedicine service currently active with verified users countries. yes, docademic has doctors call hours day, days week serving the public these countries. our docademic app and docademic for doctors platforms are the most advanced the world with the most widely used service reaching peaks over patients served month. with over two centuries combined experience healthcare and technology, docademic's team understands the industry inside out. fact, understand enough know current healthcare methods are becoming obsolete. large healthcare institutions simply cannot keep with innovation. and we're only just beginning--read see how plan grow this exponentially, and why our people are the ones deliver. the healthcare access problem amid the massive economic activity the healthcare industry, participants face many challenges. docademic, have identified one fundamental element address. it's element crucial often gets manipulated the advantage the elite... yet it's vital the health and growth worldwide healthcare services. that element is: access. healthcare access the lifeblood the healthcare industry. access covers short-term health solutions and basic needs individuals-- whether it's associated with chronic disease the common cold. hospital can have the largest facilities the world and the best-run medical service for patients, but, any point time patient needs immediate care, and unable reach the hospital pay for its services, then that patient trouble. the history the healthcare world littered with such casualties. its future doesn't need be. accessibility problems triggered many the global health mtc crisis' most traumatic events. major recent shock occurred when the ebola virus spread throughout west africa, caused lack knowledge and fear. the panicked reactions residents transmuted local governments, leading the viruses further spread. the digital healthcare world pouring its creative energy into this explosion new blockchain and technologies and exciting business models. but access-- that less headline-grabbing yet fundamental element--is getting left behind. what individual's most significant healthcare service tied specific set rules that prevents patient from considering seeking medical help, selfmedicates, without quick access healthcare provider? they could serious trouble. this issue already exists today. the largest healthcare providers traditional healthcare are global hospital chains, governments and other healthcare institutions such keyser permanente, unitedhealth group, and aetna. can docademic achieve the same status the crypto-health economy? believe can. read find out how. mtc docademic platform mtc welcome docademic, built provide free quality basic healthcare access the world's patient population. docademic expanding docademic app and docademic for doctors, single globally-sourced healthcare platform with associated suite services which will enable the highest level access and medical advancement. the process, this will allow anybody tap into all the opportunities the new cryptohealth economy has offer. the docademic platform will managed and operated sidrese cv. established under laws mexico. docademic platform currently, the accessibility landscape for patients fragmented. the top healthcare providers all offer the same ways access healthcare, and one healthcare provider differentiates any one method access. furthermore, accessibility and the best prices for given healthcare service can shift from one provider another. any time, the best way get medical attention might mtc local hospital government service. the ailment may avoided with home treatment but there way find out for sure and internet searches are questionable best. the same true for all patients who have chronic disease. sense, the various healthcare providers are accessibility silos. they offer great service some areas once there, but their accessibility limited clients who have the means reach them and know their benefits. while most the healthcare providers offer easy access certain basic services (er, lab studies, etc.), there real-time convenient and highly-accessible on-ramp into the healthcare world for patients minor ailments with the lack knowledge determine they need see healthcare provider. patients such pregnant women, patients with stage cancer, young adults, elderly, etc. separately, each patient's needs may different, but collectively they represent large untapped source clients that desperately want and need qualified on-ramp into healthcare services. the docademic platform brings together entire global network medical services and makes them accessible everybody. the docademic platform through its docademic app provides unparalleled and powerful method orientating health services and products individuals and institutions--as well token issuers and token holders. mtc docademic app intelligent medical assistance engine the docademic platform's docademic app offers easy use interface that aggregates the services artificial intelligence's various analytical benefits and assists human doctors who are present hours day into single highly userfriendly application, allowing users solicit medical assistance the place and time one's choice well follow treatments they receive and take and share their health record through blockchain with doctors their choosing: the docademic app solves two important problems that limit patients the healthcare world: accessibility silos and underserved markets. mentioned above, accessibility silos are pockets healthcare providers like hospitals and clinics that exist because access certain locations not readily available those people who live far away want healthcare service hours when the accessibility silos are not operating. underserved markets are markets that, isolation, are not wealthy enough support the cost traditional medical services. people the countries that only have accessibility silos and underserved markets would like able have full access healthcare services their home countries, but there highly-accessible on-ramp into the healthcare world for them. the accessibility silos and underserved markets problems are solved connecting these healthcare services into single point access, and allowing patients orientated cure home the correct healthcare providers and healthcare services. mtc under the hood, the docademic app composite two diagnostic services: internal diagnosis: artificial intelligence trained our doctors supplement and optimize the diagnosis patient's symptoms derived from the information perceiving from the patient through speech and text and constantly improved. external aggregated medical doctor diagnosis: real time team doctors that have all the information we've learned from giving the service throughout several countries. each doctor this service linked system that compiles the treatments, medications and healthcare providers that are added the network. mtc the docademic platform's docademic app supports giving medical advice the country one's choice. understand how useful this is, helpful understand that most healthcare services the world are composed basic primary care (the first contact with doctor.), and secondary care (the doctor service you are referred after the primary care doctor diagnosis you). also possible get medical care secondary care services and bypassing the primary care service. for example, male european patient wishing get medical attention for pain his neck can choose pharmacy and buy pain relief medication. when requests medical assistance the docademic app, learns that the pain may more than just neck pain because the related symptoms fatigue describes the doctor determine may have thyroid cancer. while woman from singapore, using the docademic app, can describe the doctor her symptoms her recent pregnancy and from the diagnosis that determined through the internal artificial intelligence and the insight the doctor acquired through use the docademic for doctors social network, determined she has preeclampsia and should immediately hospital she runs the risk losing her baby. the architecture underpinning docademic platform's docademic app are three technologies that are already used docademic daily: user matching engine (ume) cross diagnosis human-ai engine (cdhaie) smart patient routing (spr) user matching engine (ume): built from scratch combining decades experience programming technology, the docademic app's user matching engine (ume) can process mtc several million transactions per second, making one the most advanced patient matching engines the health industry. the ume has been engineered hyper-scalable support very high number markets (patients from many countries) and offers native support for several languages, around which powerful diagnosis system for these patients has been built. all these features, coupled with "built fail" resiliency, make the docademic app's ume one the best the healthcare market. cross diagnosis human-ai engine (cdhaie) the cross-diagnosis human-ai engine allows for quick, effective and clear diagnosis patients: when patient diagnosis initiated, and the demand for medical attention the docademic app high, the doctor receives real time suggestions from the for more complete and rapid diagnosis the patient the other side the video telemedicine call. for example, patient calls and starts explaining symptoms such fatigue, running nose, joint pain the doctor has multiple possible diagnosis' for that patient. the cdhaie automatically performs analysis the symptoms narrow down the diagnostic possibilities more accurate diagnosis confirmed. also constantly adjusting, real-time, decisions and corrections well the latest clinical guides the doctors reflect the best method treatment and diagnosis. should mentioned here that this service not only limited medical services and expands onto psychological services. for example, using the docademic app's emotional service (cool emotions) for psychological treatment, becomes possible provide treatment between patient and psychologists. furthermore, adding psychological service allows for matches between medical and psychological treatments for wartime trauma. smart patient routing (spr): the smart patient routing technology maintains quick referrals for all major healthcare providers throughout the countries where the services are given. when any those healthcare providers changes, it's reflected docademic platform's docademic app's patient referral services database. mtc when patient referral given the docademic app, and match available locally, the smart patient routing technology checks see there match for the service needed available nearby area. so, automatically routes the patient the service the neighboring region. features and success factors comparison. features: docademic america well doctor demand babylon health ada free ai-human doctor telemedicine on-ramp service. yes uses yes yes uses blockchain yes marketplace yes social network for doctors yes complies with regulations yes yes yes present more than countries yes home delivery healthcare products yes mtc docademic for doctors the docademic platform's docademic for doctors social network comprised suite services that provide users with tools receive ongoing medical education, reduce diagnosis errors and increase roi since lowers costs for doctors and patients. docademic for doctors includes electronic health record, digital vademecum, and over medical journals and social network exclusively for doctors its core offering. users are now able share their insights, receive patients, learn from the latest clinical procedures and use tools that integrate ai, without even having pay for these services and tools depend their medical institutions provide for them. docademic platform users will gain the following benefits: reduction counterparty risk: doctor users the docademic platform will rest assured that the information available compliant with regulators. docademic regulated the united states america known one the strictest health regulators the world. increase efficiency: docademic platform's doctor users will able update their knowledge other treatments without having search for the world's medical journals directly. journal updates will done via docademic's real time posting technology, and should instant for doctors soon the articles are published. more accurate diagnosis for their patients: doctor users the docademic platform will have the ability view and select diagnosis suggested the integrated ai, derived from the different official clinical guides. this will allow doctors better take advantage inefficiencies the sometimes-slow integration recent developments treatments the healthcare system. mtc direct market access the docademic platform allows its users leverage docademic smart patient routing (spr) technology and connectivity all reputable medication and medical device providers, and get direct market access through our docademic marketplace the best retailers and wholesalers medication and medical devices. with our state-of-the-art ecommerce dashboards, users the docademic platform will able purchase consumables, place orders home delivery medication, buy equipment for their practice, and keep eye all new products and services offered medicine our order management system (oms) and user matching engine (ume) provide unparalleled banking-level performance. our oms will provide both common and advanced order types like programmed purchases consumables for doctor's offices. the docademic marketplace will one stop shop for all medical and health related products and services that both patients and doctors can use. data management data management one the most difficult (and restricted) constraints when comes providing medical services the market. moving health data between providers convoluted, expensive and time consuming which one the reasons blockchain the future healthcare. over the past two years, docademic has built extensive network relationships with hospitals. part our integration strategy has been colocate our health services with those other health institutions, offering software integration standard part our service--and many cases further than standard requirements--to health institutions. have also begun working with major governments provide health service optimization. this will allow replicate patient-institution data transfer globally. this service will also available private practices using docademic mtc for doctors` assisted electronic health record. docademic planning obtain any other permits licenses when required. why blockchain technology important the docademic platform? docademic gets patients health records blockchain starting with their first contact with doctor through our docademic app. like previously mentioned, the docademic app service openly available the public and already use countries and completely free. this the best way get people onto the blockchain. needed, the patients can referred further healthcare services products after their first contact with doctor the docademic app. all patient data secured blockchain. eventually the docademic blockchain will accessible third party healthcare providers and they will able build apps and dapps the docademic blockchain. more section why this innovation matters for healthcare access there are many third-party healthcare providers that provide only limited services. the access their services and efficiency are substantially constrained the nature and cost their services. providing access these service part our docademic platform, third party healthcare providers will incentivized use the platform--because will allow them better monetize their capital reaching more patients efficient manner targeted their services. patients data will already the blockchain and third-party healthcare providers can benefit having access the patients data through the blockchain with smart contracts. the end this provides more security for patient health information the mtc long term. the correct way healthcare information should the world. source https://innovatemedtec.com/ mtc crypto token credit the docademic platform's docademic for doctors network will extend its crypto credit facility users leverage their existing balances for enhanced purchasing opportunities. crypto credit facility allows doctor users borrow using mtc crypto token collateral. for example, when buying equipment for their practice. medical token currency (mtc) can also used patients collateral for purchasing certain products services the docademic marketplace. (more our token the following sections.) docademic also the process creating and official provider care (pc), expand the range services can offer our users the us. docademic will also obtain any other permits licenses when required. real time reporting the docademic for doctors users will have access customized patient activity statements, view detailed information about their patient's treatments including progress, previous treatments, most common medication taken, and more. they will able run reports view all aspects their complete patient portfolios other services geo-location system our docademic platform provides geographic health monitoring (ghm) population real time well our powerful direct targeted notification system (dtn)--or near constant statistical public health monitor within our network our public health partners. provide support for epidemics and tragedies. users the docademic platform will able contacted public health officials with date mtc information pertaining their specific health need the case emergency receive information from preventative health campaigns. automated follow treatments our docademic platform provides follow the most recent treatments given patients. users can select from scale automated one touch treatment scores evaluate their progress, then have their health monitored our doctors using these strategies. new strategies will published and will accessible our users. historical health records, performance and other details derived from these treatments follow strategies will available users aid them the improvement their health the improvement their patients' health. initially, these follow and health monitoring strategies will provided docademic. however, the platform, certain data, and tools use will made available data scientists with mtc throughout the industry, allowing access any individual teams with the talent/skill design and offer their own health monitoring strategies. mtc examples follow strategy use cases: mtc token holders can use automated treatment follow strategies save purchases medications pertaining their treatment. talented doctors can design their own treatment combination strategies for their patients and then use them improve their own patient's health--or share them publicly for share the profits and/or fee case other doctors healthcare providers want adopt the treatment strategy. mtc token holders can select one basket treatments strategies and then have their treatments automatically monitored. automated treatment strategies will provided only the extent permitted the applicable laws, regulations and rules and medical ethics. mtc mtc token sale mtc token overview the crypto economy has given whole new way build new distributed infrastructure using crypto tokens. people are coming together contribute something they truly want, something they truly believe in. and token holders, they are benefiting from the growth its utility and value. docademic, through medical token currency (mtc), building healthcare utility--a platform that the entire crypto economy and healthcare economy will benefit from and where people can participate both users and token holders. mtc will issued sidrese sa. cv. and may distributed itself and/or designated distributors. please note that mtc does not represent any equity docademic and does not entitle holders any voting rights, dividends profitsharing any entities docademic. mtc crypto token that can used the fuel that powers all services provided the docademic platform and docademics's existing services (docademic app and docademic for doctors). mtc has two main functions: crypto token users can pay for products and services all our platforms; tradable crypto token the open market. top these, mtc will open all healthcare, financial and any other industries. docademic will not limit the usage mtc nor business entities that would like use mtc for their business. therefore, any companies organizations, individuals may able utilize mtc crypto token such bitcoin, ethereum's eth and ripple's xrp. the demand for the docademic platform grows, the utility mtc will increase and will allow mtc holders use its value "pay for" all services and functions docademic and its partners will provide. mtc envision mtc could even become the preferred standard token used pay for all services provided the broader healthcare industry, participants gradually migrate decentralized platforms. docademic already discussion with multiple healthcare institutions, digital health startups, and partners make mtc the preferred payment token for upcoming and existing healthcare services. token utility initially, mtc value will used for services provided the docademic platform and docademic--to cover fees, credit collateral, and participate further development services like the docademic marketplace. mtc holders can use value return for: medical prescription transaction fees and referral commission fees docademic platform docademic app docademic for doctors docademic marketplace direct access healthcare products and services other services direct population health monitor automated targeted health messaging system advertising tools for the healthcare industry listed tradable assets mtc will tradable popular trading platforms. having mtc listed various exchanges another way expect the token utility increase with liquidity. mtc exclusive owner benefits finally, added incentive, mtc owners will receive periodic promotions, discounted fees, preferential access new products/services, and opportunities contribute future ico/token sales that docademic will help launch. token specifications token name medical token currency symbol mtc issuance amount ,,, mtc token sale price token sale price mtc eth (special bonus will applicable the purchases during the sales period described section particulars erc- ethereum-based token maximum token offered mtc eth crowd sale with bonus mtc eth crowd sale auction mtc eth minimum token required mtc eth use proceeds section mtc token sale process ensure safe and secure token buying process have placed preventative measures and compliant processes for all token participants. will carry out our token sale only through our website https://ico.docademic.com/ register for updates. a.from the docademic ico landing page (https:// ico.docademic.com/), click "register for updates". this button will bring the registration box, where you will able provide your name and email. upon completing the above, email containing additional information and validation link will sent your email address from ico@docademic.com. click the link activate your registration. buy mtc. day before the sales period starts, you will receive email with instructions how you will able purchase mtc tokens. you will need have ethereum account funded with the necessary ether buy the mtc you wish acquire. upon funding his/her account, the purchaser follows the instructions that will provided thru his/her email. docademic will automatically deduct the appropriate amount eth from the purchaser's account and add purchased mtc tokens it. please note that any purchase order cannot withdrawn cancelled once made. existing docademic users who already have docademic account can immediately participate the token sale clicking the "purchase mtc" link the docademic app. docademic will not provide any generic funding address through any social media, messaging services, bulletin boards, etc. most ico hacks are happening this way. mtc mtc token sale will commence central standard time (utc hours), january nd, and end central standard time (utc hours), february nd, (the sales period for crowd sale the total amount the purchase requests exceeds the maximum offer within the sales period, docademic will pro-rate mtc according the ratio the purchaser's request. docademic cannot meet its minimum token requirement mtc within the sales period, docademic will return the deposit after subtracting handling and/or network fees. use proceeds immediately after the token sale, token ownership will follows (year year docademic will fully distribute the reserves and only retain allocated management and docademic shareholders. token allocation use proceeds from public offering. mtc proceeds will into expansion services (%), this includes setting doctor video call centers throughout worldwide regions well sales teams. product development (%), operations (%) and legal/regulations (%) docademic blockchain mtc token will initially built top ethereum's erc- token standard. docademic will create its own blockchain (docademic blockchain) that will have specific healthcare industry requirements already built in. currently, none the existing blockchains (including ethereum) offer sophisticated tools build any meaningful scalable healthcare services top their blockchains (other than basic services such payments and transfers). all docademic services will migrated the docademic blockchain and the existing erc- based mtc will also exchanged the newly created (medical cryptocurrency) the docademic blockchain. the docademic blockchain will provide more sophisticated healthcare industry programming language for the design and construction smart contracts that will allow healthcare institutions and digital health startups build decentralized healthcare services top the docademic blockchain. when launch the docademic blockchain will have the following features: mtc kyc/aml node management (region restrictions) healthcare service features docademic creating healthcare services based blockchain that will powered mc. more healthcare services utilize the docademic blockchain, anticipate becoming the cryptocurrency choice growing ecosystem healthcare service providers thus causing the utility grow. mtc who benefits mtc individual and institutional investors access great technology over the years, docademic has built state-of-the-art, high-availability, and highperformance technology for free accessibility basic medical healthcare and services. this includes smart patient routing (spr) and order management system(oms) technology match patients with our doctors through video telemedicine, addition powerful suite tools with integrated for the medical community covering all relevant medical specialties. individual patients now have free quick easy use option get basic medical attention face face with doctor and doctors have tools that help them their everyday practice. access the worlds health services and products. the ever-increasing number digital health services presents both significant opportunity and challenge reach these services for investors and traders alike. between usd and trillion transactions are done daily across millions healthcare providers. this presents sizeable opportunity for traders and investors who want tap into the value that can obtained with decentralized healthcare services. the chart below shows healthcare spending the worlds markets according the world bank. mtc reduced risk the challenge lies having access all healthcare services efficient and secure manner, with little difficulty data transmission possible. the time writing, quite difficult (even impossible) fully take advantage these opportunities due several factors. these range from technology limitations, healthcare data restrictions, unreasonable prices, capital inefficiency, and overall lack clear integration. docademic through its integrated plan use its current technologies and mtc tokens provide solution that takes advantage blockchain and artificial intelligence achieve efficient on-ramp for customers healthcare products and services. access professional-grade services the services that the docademic platform offers are already powerful when used their own, but they can have much stronger impact when coupled with our medical ecommerce platform, direct targeted notification system, and sophisticated reporting tools. access all health services the docademic platform provides will longer the exclusive privilege the few. are launching fully open, super-connected platform that will allow anybody, anywhere participate and benefit from the healthcare services that new digital health markets and current healthcare providers have offer. this real democratization health. token holders the docademic platform will also provide token holders with the following additional services: crypto lending token holders may lend their crypto tokens for fee docademic. doing adds liquidity the mtc market, providing the necessary inventory for mtc healthcare providers such doctors who require purchasing goods and services related their practice. this increases the overall liquidity mtc. financial services innovators and society large cryptocurrencies and their underlying blockchain/distributed ledger technologies are key facilitator for many the applications, products and services being introduced part the irreversible wave innovation currently taking place the healthcare services and digital health industries. this wave new innovations, sometimes referred as, "the digital health revolution", promises completely disrupt traditional healthcare services all fronts. will ultimately. bring better, faster, cheaper healthcare services everyone, including the world's estimated more than billion with access healthcare all. there are also countless doctors and health services who can't get credit using traditional banking, due lack credit histories and other reasons. docademic's global network health services and healthcare industry connections, regulatory licenses, and compliance/security frameworks can fill the gaps for many the existing digital health models for intra-country and international health services. envision mtc become the preferred token that can used the broader healthcare industry power healthcare services they migrate decentralized platforms. mtc docademic's competitive advantage mtc world class team have assembled world class team with over years combined experience healthcare and technology. our team has proven track record it, hospital management, pharmaceutical industry, emergency care, clinical research, legal and regulatory--all combined with expertise internet and mobile technology. most notably, have built docademic app--one the largest video telemedicine services the world with users countries. fully aligned with the requirements most regulated markets around the world. docademic's management team has worked the following companies and institutions: healthcare institutions: issste, stanford research institute, cofepris, astra zeneca, nestle pharma, carnot laboratories internet and technology: netmark, ipn others: sep, televisa product readiness our core product development already completed. there zero risk core product development. the docademic platform: the app store and play store and currently has users countries with medical assistances over peak months. provides unparalleled and powerful suite ai-assisted tool for doctors and social network for the medical community. mtc the world needs free basic access healthcare and are solving fundamental problem. will continuously improve our products using our cutting-edge technologies. know how scale. built docademic app become one the most widely used video telemedicine services world. our product-market fit clear. the case with all startups, though, companies will unfortunately fail during product development and product-market fit stages. however, docademic already past that risk zone. mtc healthcare provider and government relationships over the past four years, docademic has built and connected with global healthcare companies and governments--which the docademic platform able leverage. the amount work (resources, regulation, professional services) makes our docademic platform truly unique. have been able build these relationships are fully compliant, regulated, and have never experienced any significant incidents information theft any our existing platforms (both docademic app and docademic for doctors). regulated the usa and latam and soon rest world. docademic's parent company sidrese sa. cv. operates fully-regulated video telemedicine service and were the first global telemedicine service have users countries. docademic's regulatory team from foley lardner (top tier healthcare law firm) ensures are within regulations the us. foley lardner was named "law firm the year health care law" for three consecutive years u.s. news. docademic's team from international law firm hogan lovells ensured the correct legal and regulatory compliance latam. combined these two world class firms with international reach process and design our legal and regulatory compliant structures for the rest the world. mtc compliance and security are proud that docademic's products are compliant services the digital health and telemedicine space. with foley lardner and hogan lovells our team compliance counsel, independent internal auditor, compliance training for all employees, and annual compliance plan agreed our risk management committee and carried out our entire senior management team. have built culture compliance within docademic. recognize the risks medical malpractice and low-quality healthcare services, and continuously strive enhance our program the leading example best practices the digital health world. this culture what allowed offer our services and receive stellar reviews from people from multiple countries, where others have not. other digital health company has this much reach and depth, especially video telemedicine. docademic strictly complies with clinical guidelines when operate jurisdictions where telemedicine not yet subject specific regulation. comply with all applicable laws and regulations the jurisdictions which operate. the security and privacy side, took our years experience working with government-grade security and combined with the most up-to-date tools and techniques leapfrog traditional digital health institutions. have achieved new healthcare-grade security program covering all the key security domains. these are: access control. cryptography. information security governance and risk management. mtc legal regulations, investigations and compliance. operations security. physical and environmental security. security architecture and design. telecommunications and network security. addition our internal team, processes and tools plus the state-of-the-art external security tools and services use--we will engage specialized external penetration testers and even crowd-sourced penetration testing services stay ahead would-be attackers. this protects the confidentiality, availability and integrity our systems, information--and ultimately our users. docademic, security activity. it's everybody's responsibility, managed our risk management committee which comprised our senior managers from all areas the business, and supported state-ofthe-art technologies and tools. mtc competitive landscape mtc there are many companies trying address certain segment what offer. unfortunately, none have the necessary success factors nor product features that are ready offer today. features and success factors comparison. america well doctor demand babylon health features: docademic free ai-human doctor telemedicine on-ramp service. yes uses yes yes uses blockchain yes marketplace yes social network for doctors yes complies with regulations yes yes yes users mtc ada roadmap mtc docademic building global healthcare utility--an advanced platform the entire crypto-health economy will use great advantage; where anyone can participate users and token holders. eventually, docademic will become complete healthcare ecosystem for the crypto-health economy and welcome everyone join our exciting journey. doctordice.com incorporated under sidrese cv. launched doctordice.com doctordice.com becomes the largest social network for doctors latam doctordice.com gets accepted various business accelerators including society and startups doctordice.com becomes docademic better achieve its worldwide vision during society accelerator san francisco. docademic ceo charles nader gets accepted into "technology enabled blitzscaling" program stanford university given linkedin founder reid hoffman, former mozilla ceo john lilly, and business author and venture capitalist chris yeh. docademic applies new strategy expand and introduce new services using blockchain and and develops first free video telemedicine assistance service the world. docademic launches docademic app medical assistance service, and quickly expands other countries latam. docademic medical assistance service success and further expands more countries. totaling countries. docademic starts sales its geographic health monitor (ghm) and direct targeted notification system (dtm) private industry and governments. mtc docademic builds regulatory compliant strategy with legal firm foley lardner llp offer services the us. docademic inc. incorporates the us. docademic starts plans start offering service california. docademic signs contract with iqvia formerly quintilesims docademic mtc token sale support for tokens and token listing cryptocurrency exchanges launch docademic marketplace inside docademic platform launch docademic platform launch docademic platform europe launch docademic blockchain and medical coin (mc) launch docademic platform asia and middle east further expansion into rest world and increase services and products offered marketplace. mtc the company mtc summary have assembled world class team with over years combined experience healthcare and technology. our team has proven track record it, healthcare, pharmaceuticals and government--all combined with expertise internet and mobile technology. most notably, have built docademic app--the most widely used video telemedicine service the world, regulated the usa, with users countries, and fully aligned with the requirements most regulated markets around the world. ceo charles nader charles studied medicine anahuac university and was accepted into the one time "technology enabled blitzscaling" program stanford university created linkedin founder reid hoffman, former mozilla ceo john lilly and venture capitalist and author chris yeh. applied the knowledge from the program into the fundamentals docademic. his career serial entrepreneur has learned how build great teams and use the right contacts expand the businesses. the culmination his altruistic entrepreneurial spirit reflected docademic. charles gives talks about the innovations healthcare well the application and blockchain the industry. most notably, co-founded docademic. --the most widely used video telemedicine service the world, regulated the usa, with users countries, and fully aligned with the requirements most regulated markets around the world. mtc coo isao hojyo isao hojyo studied medicine salle university mexico city. has masters degree from salle university health care administration. isao has worked projects for the government mexico well developed the first protocols for docademic's medical assistance program. his passion innovate telemedicine has made him expert the subject and has given lectures the application digital health technologies healthcare. currently isao also leads the team telemedicine doctors "medical heroes" they are called inside docademic. also representative for docademic the worldwide medical community. cto arturo diaz arturo diaz studied engineering anahuac university. successfully was funded venture capital investors and launched two companies the 's. before becoming part the docademic team, arturo was the cto netmark. software development company founded that won the latin america cloud partner the year award from microsoft thanks arturo's leadership. apt many programming languages and agile methodologies like scrum and also avid enthusiast and local expert crypto-technology and ai. arturo's enthusiasm for innovation and the potential change the world drew him become part the docademic team and now leads the mtc development. arturo gives public speeches about technology healthcare and recently gave talk the worldwide therapist convention. cfo alejandro meza alejandro studied actuarial sciences anahuac university and has masters degree mathematical methods finance. has extensive corporate experience having worked coca-cola, banorte bank, televisa and most recently nestle before joining docademic. alejandro brings his actuarial skills docademic and corporate experience and has helped docademic optimize its business providing clear metrics, also taking advantage the benefits further optimize the efficiency docademic's services. lead developer and software architect enrique hernandez enrique self-taught programming prodigy. certified java and apt many programming languages. has given programming classes university level. his insight into the technical aspects blockchain and app development have given docademic robust and well-structured platform. enrique previously worked sep the mexican governments ministry education. also worked political party pri until decided apply his knowledge and expertise the worldwide efforts docademic's mission. providing free healthcare access the worlds needy. mtc lead ui/ux designer dan razo dan star designer. enthusiastically recommended the docademic team the director the design school salle university, dan has provided and reshaped the look docademic with his talent and skill. docademic focuses finding the aesthetic balance public service used thousands people various countries and the professional aspect the docademic platform's services the medical community. lead mobile developer erik altamirano erik certified java developer and studied computer technologies monterrey institute technology. was the best programmer his class and worked touchesbegan corporation before joining docademic. erik has developed and launched several robust applications for android and now leads development for the android platform docademic. lead front end developer siddharta naranjo siddharta expert front end/seo developer and social media manager. siddharta self-taught developer with many successful projects under his belt. has created interactive sites for many latam's most successful rock bands. now contributes with his artistic and technical touch docademic's webpages which score very high seo and performance tests. mtc community manager laila gebara laila runs docademic's social networks. she currently studies social media marketing and previously ran fan club for super group one direction. she applying her knowledge social networks help the world know about the services docademic offers help people and get doctors and patients excited about the future medicine. lead back end developer oscar nava oscar grew rural guerrero, mexico. his interest technology while high school put him the path learn programing where eventually became top his class the computer science degree program instituto technologico zacatepec. oscar developed the interactive sites for vocation network and has been ruby developer for years and counting. the platforms helped develop are used thousands people. oscar joined the team docademic where views his work way good the world. oscar also holds masters networks and web technologies from universidad international mexico city. mtc legal general information this whitepaper describes the initial sale which the medical token currency (mtc) sold. mtc crypto token that designed used for all services provided the docademic platform explained this whitepaper. mtc also can used crypto token pay for any other services provided other business entities. docademic will generally not limit the usage mtc the types business entities that would like use mtc for their business. mtc not intended constitute security any jurisdiction. this white paper not solicitation for investment and does not pertain any way offering securities any jurisdiction. please note that purchases mtc are final and non-refundable. individuals, businesses, and other organizations should carefully weigh the risks, costs, and benefits acquiring mtc. limitation the purchasers you are not eligible and you shall not purchase mtc through its token sale you are citizen resident (tax otherwise) any country state where the purchase mtc similar crypto token may prohibited, the token sale deemed not compliant with the applicable laws and regulations. you are resident people's republic china, the united states america you cannot purchase mtc through the token sale. purchases mtc should undertaken only individuals, entities, companies that have extensive experience with, and understanding of, the usage and intricacies crypto tokens and blockchain based software systems. purchasers should have functional understanding storage and transmission mechanisms associated with other crypto tokens. any entities docademic and officers and employees thereof will not responsible any way for loss any crypto tokens, mtc fiat currency resulting from actions taken by, omissions the purchasers. you not have the required experience expertise, then you should not purchase mtc participate the sale mtc. you should carefully consider the risks, costs, and any other demerits acquiring mtc, and, necessary, obtain your own independent advice this regard. you are not the position accept nor understand the risks associated with the token sale mtc (including the risks related the non-development the docademic platform) any other risks indicated this whitepaper, you should not acquire mtc, until such that you have received the necessary independent advice. risks the purchase mtc carries with significant risk. prior purchasing mtc, the purchaser should carefully consider the risks listed below and, the extent necessary, consult lawyer, accountant, and/or tax professional prior determining whether purchase mtc. (a) mtc will stored wallet, which can only accessed with password selected the purchaser. purchaser mtc does not maintain accurate record their password, this may lead the loss mtc. your password protection weak and cracked learned somebody else, this may also lead the loss mtc. result, purchasers must safely store their password one more backup locations that are well separated from the primary location. (b) the purchaser recognizes that some the services under the docademic platform are currently under development and may undergo significant changes before release. the purchaser acknowledges that any its expectations regarding the form and functionality the docademic platform may not met for any number reasons. (c) the purchaser understands that while docademic will make best efforts connect the docademic platform most the major healthcare services the world, possible that some healthcare services may decline the connection with the docademic platform, which may result the less sharing patient data and offering certain health services certain regions provided through the docademic platform than expected this whitepaper. (d) the purchaser understands that while docademic will make best efforts release the next wave services the docademic platform time, possible that the official release may delayed. (e) with other crypto tokens, value mtc may fluctuate significantly and become reduced value for any number reasons, including but not limited to, supply and demand, overall crypto tokens' market conditions, political geographical reasons, changes regulations any jurisdictions, and technical reasons. mtc (f) mtc will issued the ethereum blockchain. such, any malfunction unexpected functioning the ethereum protocol may impact the purchaser's ability transfer securely hold mtc. such impact could adversely affect the value mtc. disclaimer the maximum extent permitted the applicable laws, regulations and rules, mtc, any entities docademic and officers and employees thereof shall not liable for any indirect, special, incidental, consequential other losses any kind, tort, contract otherwise (including but not limited loss revenue, income profits, and loss use data), arising out relating any acceptance reliance this whitepaper any part thereof you. any entities docademic and officers and employees thereof shall not liable for your loss mtc after transferred you any reason including but not limited your failure maintain backup accurate record your password password cracking somebody due your poor maintenance your password. docademic will its best launch its operations and further develop the docademic platform. any person undertaking acquire mtc acknowledges and understands however that docademic does not provide with any warranty the release newer services the docademic platform. they acknowledge and understand therefore that docademic (incl. its bodies and employees) assumes liability responsibility for any loss damage that would result from relate the incapacity use the mtc. regulatory authorities are carefully scrutinizing businesses and operations associated crypto tokens the world. that respect, regulatory measures, investigations actions may impact docademic's business and may limit prevent from developing its operations the future. any person undertaking acquire mtc must aware that docademic's business model may change need modified because new regulatory and compliance requirements from any applicable laws any jurisdictions. such case, purchasers and any person undertaking acquire mtc acknowledge and understand that neither docademic nor any its affiliate shall held liable for any direct indirect loss damages caused such changes. this whitepaper and any other materials explanations made docademic and its officers and employees shall not and cannot considered invitation enter investment. they not constitute relate any way nor should they considered offering securities any jurisdiction. this whitepaper does not include nor contain any information indication that might considered recommendation that might used basis for any investment decision. neither docademic nor any its officers and employees are shall considered advisor any legal, tax financial matters. acquiring mtc shall not grant any right influence over docademic's organization and governance the purchasers. representations and warranties docademic does not make purport make, and hereby disclaims, any representation, warranty undertaking any form whatsoever any entity person, including any representation, warranty undertaking relation the truth, accuracy and completeness any the information set out this whitepaper. representation and warranties the purchasers participating the token sale mtc, the purchasers represent and warrant docademic follows: (a) you are authorized and have full power purchase mtc according the laws that apply your jurisdiction domicile; (b) you are solely responsible for determining whether the acquisition mtc appropriate for you; (c) you are not acting agent behalf any other person entity who wish purchase mtc participate its token sale; (d) you have carefully considered the risks, costs, and any other demerits acquiring mtc and understood such the risks, costs, and any other demerits associated with mtc and its token sale; (e) you are not acting for speculative investment; (f) you agree and acknowledge that mtc does not constitute securities any form your jurisdiction; (g) you agree and acknowledge that this whitepaper does not constitute prospectus offer document any sort and not intended constitute offer securities your jurisdiction solicitation for investment securities; (h) you agree and acknowledge that regulatory authority has examined approved the information set out this whitepaper, such action has been will taken under the laws, regulatory requirements rules mtc any jurisdiction and the publication, distribution dissemination this whitepaper you does not imply that the applicable laws, regulatory requirements rules have been complied with; (i) you agree and acknowledge that this whitepaper, the undertaking and/or the completion the mtc token sale, future trading mtc any cryptocurrency exchange, shall not construed, interpreted deemed you indication the merits docademic mtc; (j) the distribution dissemination this whitepaper, any part thereof any copy thereof, acceptance the same you, not prohibited restricted the applicable laws, regulations rules your jurisdiction, and where any restrictions relation possession are applicable, you have observed and complied with all such restrictions your own expense and without liability docademic; (k) you agree and acknowledge that the case where you wish purchase any mtc, not construed, interpreted, classified treated as: (i) any kind currency other than cryptocurrency; (ii) debentures, stocks shares issued docademic; (iii) rights, options derivatives respect such debentures, stocks shares; (iv) rights under contract for differences under any other contract the purpose pretended purpose which secure profit avoid loss; (v) units collective investment scheme; (vi) units business trust; (vii) derivatives units business trust; (viii) any other security class securities. (l) you have good understanding the operation, functionality, usage, storage, transmission mechanisms and other material characteristics cryptocurrencies, blockchain-based software systems, cryptocurrency wallets other related token storage mechanisms, blockchain technology and smart contract technology; (m) you are fully aware and understand that the case where you wish purchase any mtc, there are risks associated with docademic and its business and operations; (n) you agree and acknowledge that docademic not liable for any indirect, special, incidental, consequential other losses any kind, tort, contract otherwise (including but not limited loss revenue, income profits, and loss use data), arising out relating any acceptance reliance this whitepaper any part thereof you; (o) you will not use the token sale for any illegal activity, including but not limited money laundering and the financing terrorism; and (p) all the above representations and warranties are true, complete, accurate and non-misleading from the time your access and/or acceptance possession this whitepaper such part thereof (as the case may be). updates the detail the token sale docademic reserves the right, its sole discretion, change, modify, add, remove portions this whitepaper and the terms any time during the sale posting the amendment the mtc website. any purchaser will deemed have accepted such changes purchasing mtc. any point you not agree any portion the then-current version this whitepaper and the terms, you should not purchase mtc. market and industry information this whitepaper includes market and industry information and forecasts that have been obtained from internal surveys, reports and studies, where appropriate, well market research, publicly available information and industry publications. such surveys, reports, studies, market research, publicly available information and publications generally state that the information that they contain has been obtained from sources believed reliable, but there can assurance the accuracy completeness such included information. docademic has not conducted any independent review the information extracted from third party sources, verified the accuracy completeness such information ascertained the underlying economic assumptions relied upon therein. consequently, any entities docademic and officers and employees thereof not make any representation warranty the accuracy completeness such information and shall not obliged provide any updates the same. mtc