dogecash (dogec) whitepaper dogec.io setting new standard the masternode space dogecash (dogec) whitepaper dogec.io thesis with the rise crypto popularity there came flood bad actors who now continue take advantage investors one form another. this especially common "new" masternode projects that exit scam, underdeliver and remain anonymous throughout the inevitable short lifespan the coin. conservative estimate masternode projects launched with btc talk ann since the start these, overwhelming majority have gone silent, not show any sign ongoing development, and simply lack the level quality top caliber project should demand. moreover, most projects fail give their communities any decision making ability over the future direction and development the project. group crypto developers, experts, and investors recognized the aforementioned shortcomings and designed concept that aims set fundamental standards for launching projects. dogecash (dogec) whitepaper dogec.io purpose dogecash building masternode/pos cryptocurrency ecosystem whose components and decision making will voted private key holders. dogec will act the crypto choice within the different platforms built within the ecosystem. there extreme oversaturation cryptocurrencies that serve the primary coin utilized within single platform. dogecash aims eliminate the need for multiple coins among different projects. one coin will utilized make masternode hosting payments, reduce exchange fees, tip content creators, and what ever else the community decides build. furthermore, have decided non-negotiable project values will base our project upon: transparency, quality, community and charity. these are traits believe will set the standard the masternode space, urging new projects things "the dogecash way." dogecash (dogec) whitepaper dogec.io plan dogecash will launch the dogec blockchain mainnet utc october st, limited number masternodes will deployed the team and early project supporters ensure network stability and security before presale twenty masternodes conducted. funds raised the presale (*. btc usd) will enable the project kickstart marketing campaign with the purpose growing robust community which will provide dogecash with strong foundation. additionally, five percent the maximum supply will premined fund the development community voted platforms and necessary project tasks such community moderation, wallet upgrades, partnerships and more. the bitcoin presale and dogec premine addresses will both made public launch. please refer the bitcoin talk announcement the project website (dogec.io) for all technical specification details. dogecash (dogec) whitepaper dogec.io governance platforms the voting model proposed will grant one vote every dogec held dogecash official wallet dogec vote). believe this the most effective way build strong, long-lasting community those who not wish operate masternode can still contribute toward the direction dogecash meaningful way. the main application dogecash governance periodically vote platforms which will form our ecosystem. the time period between platform addition votes will determined based upon completion and establishment the previous platform. voting will conducted through governance which will built shortly after launch. suggestions for platform candidates can made the appropriate discord channel our server. anyone who member our social community welcome make suggestions for platform additions. the team has many ideas for the community entertain such the dogedex decentralized exchange that allows new coins self-list themselves with little listing fees. for each platform release, technical paper will published the time development. dogecash (dogec) whitepaper dogec.io other objectives charity become widespread and adopted cryptocurrency, our team realizes must address and implement wide variety technologies and tools. for that reason, plan investigating privacy features, hardware options, payment gateways and other exciting features. ensure strong and smooth launch, these items will addressed the latter stages our roadmap. the spirit dogecoin, felt necessary make charity integral part the dogecash mission. every quarter, will hold vote choose animal related organization donate to. the donation will equal the value masternodes. charity suggestions will taken the appropriate discord channels and subsequently voted via the dogecash governance ui. the doge now the master (node)