advance warning the initial coin offering ("ico") project presented the company domraider unregulated fundraising operation. poses several risks buyers, particular, that losing all amounts traded for tokens issued domraider. only people who are fully aware these risks should participate the ico. note also that the ico excludes certain groups people such consumers and "u.s. person" (within the meaning "regulation the securities act u.s. law), canadian and singapore citizen". introduction drop catching the secondary market for domain names presently, there are close million active domain names throughout the world (see: https://investor.verisign.com/releasedetail.cfm?releaseid=). they are divided into approximately domain name extensions tlds (top-level domains). icann (the internet corporation for assigned names and numbers), the nonprofit regulatory organization, has delegated their management different registries throughout the world, including: generic domain name extensions (.com, .net, .org,....) country code domain name extensions (.cn, .de, .co.uk, .fr,....) new domain name extensions (.club, .xyz, .global,....) created icann and launched since distribution the domain names millions cctld's .com other historical tld's ntld's the worldwide market has been driven new gtlds (generic top-level domains: which correspond extensions such .com, .net, etc...) wich grew evolution the number domain names them ntld* evolution nombre noms domaine dans les ntld nar report icann ntldstats.com the domain name industry today known for the spectacular transactions which are regularly operated the secondary market, with some the more notable examples below: business.com: us$ lasvegas.com: us$ carinsurance.com: us$ insurance.com: us$ vacationrentals.com: us$ privatejet.com: us$ internet.com: us$ insure.com: us$ sex.com: us$ irs.com: us$ hotels.com: us$ fund.com: us$ porno.com: us$ fb.com: us$ realestate.com: us$ we.com: us$ beer.com: us$ z.com: us$ israel.com: us$ casino.com &slots.com: us$ these examples date from the beginning and demonstrate that the market not showing any signs slowing down: fly.com: freedom.com: .com: .com: nevertheless, significant number transactions operated this market are not made public because they often include non-disclosure agreements. thus, the secondary market for domain names was officially worth million but estimated that reality was maybe worth times more, other words, billion. the .com domain extension continues the reference and generates the largest transactions, the past few years have seen increasing interest country code (.fr, .eu, .london...) theme based (.loan, .men, .tech...) domain extensions. this attraction has been boosted liberalization domain name extensions which has given access domain extensions which were previously reserved for residents the countries question. taking advantage the very low prices the less well-known domain name extensions, the number transactions has exploded. over the past years, there has been fewer than transactions, with more than alone. (see: https://namebio.com/ http://dnpric.es/). today, domain names have taken the status true digital assets: thus, more than transactions worth more than us$ were made this has led the arrival new, important investors. particular, the asian domain name market has grown exponentially these past few years. thus, the largest transactions were made chinese investors. (see: https://namecorp.com/china-the-new-king-of-domains/). materializing this status digital asset, the average unit value domain name transactions continues increase. catching expired domain names the sudden rise prices has raised the barrier entry for new domain name investors. this has contributed the emergence business which recently was under the radar: drop catching. also called 'domain sniping', 'backorder' even 'snap', this practice consists registering expired domain name soon becomes available. indeed, when person entity registers domain name, he, she becomes the holder, for unlimited duration, long the annual renewal fees are paid. nevertheless, when registrant longer renews the said domain name, the latter enters into expiration process. stage the first stage the redemption grace period (rgp). during this period, the domain name deactivated, but its registrant still retains the possibility reactivate paying the reactivation fees. this period, which varies depending the registry, lasts approximately months. stage the second stage only lasts for few days and corresponds the period which the domain name dropped. the domain name finally deleted and can reserved any one any entity, similarly new domain name. average, the million domain names activated the world are dropped this manner, other words, the equivalent drops per day. even though them are little interest, the remaining are real treasures. creation date available registration first come first served domraider activity years expiration date domain name life cycle auto renew grace period pending delete days days redemption period days buyers throughout the world are searching for certain domain names for diverse reasons: rarity: rare, short, generic even numerical domain names are extremely prized domainers who then negotiate them the international market places. historical seo (search engine optimization): domain names which previously had lot links pointing their websites (backlinks) rediscover their 'spark' when they are restored. natural referencing companies cannot get enough them they improve their positions search engines are useful for marketing links. traffic: lot domain names immediately generate lot traffic (sometimes several tens thousands hits per day) when they are restored. visitors can come from bookmarks, links even social content. they are popular with marketing agencies who associate them, for example, with advertising affiliation. digital identity: trademark owners, company names, family names, which who could not initially reserve their names monitor drops very closely order get catch the domain name which corresponds them. have three-pronged drop catching process: understand the qualify pre-order catch qualification: preorder: catch: identify each registry any do- the domain names which have been monitor the preordered domain main name currently the rgp qualified are then indexed our names and attempt catch them phase. then, for each one them, site. our customers can thus freely soon they arrive their drop collect series third-party in- consult them, carry out searches and period. once the domain name dicators (google, ahrefs, majestic, sort them. once they have made their secured, immediately deliver webarchive, moz, alexa...) which choice, they can preorder the domain the customer which had preordered then aggregate the form meta names which interest them. it, long was the only one which scores reflect the potential value had done so. least customers each domain name. had preordered the same domain name, then put auction for period days. course, the main difficulty successfully catch the preordered domain names. the rule thumb first come, first served. other words, only the very first reservation request for domain name just after has been dropped shall the winning tender. the difficulty increased because extremely difficult ascertain the exact moment when domain name going dropped. the registries randomly stagger drops timeslots which can last from several minutes several days. the level competition such that domain name general caught few hundredths second. that type speed, manual attempts reserve them are doomed failure. today's climate, order competitive and have chance you must obtain accreditations from the domain name registrars order have direct connection with the registration servers. then exploit these connections with bots which create specifically for these type tasks, accordance with each registry's specific rules and regulations. for long time, drop catching was considered marginal and parasite practice the registries, but has recently acquired true legitimacy and recognition. one the most striking examples this was when denic, the official german registry the .de domain name extension (the largest registry europe with million active domain names, and the largest domain name extension worldwide behind .com and .cn) formalized the practice drop catching. may denic launched rri rush, specific commercial offer for drop catching operators, thus regulating the practice. was immediate success. rri rush has already generated additional annual income more than eur million for the registry. france followed suit december thanks this impetus, large number registries throughout the world are also preparing regulate drop catching. icann has not yet positioned itself the issue but, the meantime, the key players the market have already openly multiplied their accreditations, vital prerequisite for obtaining the best performances. one them currently has accreditations, increase from other words, annual budget more than million just for these accreditations. its new 'recognized' form, there are only few dozen worldwide operators this market. they share very fragmented manner the different domain name extensions often limited geographical zones. there still common multi domain name extension offer. this fragmentation can explained the fact that each registry has its own specific domain name drop rules. though true that there standard communication protocol (epp: extensible provisioning protocol) between the registries and the registration offices, has yet universally applied and does not integrate the needs the drop catching business. furthermore, the rules are not often published the registries. you therefore need establish them retro engineering, putting into place observation cycles and implementing permanent tests. thus, drop catching management for each new registry involves significant amount adaptation work. this explains why the initial drop catchers often chose focus one single domain name extension. 'winner takes all' market the recovery rate obtained drop catchers comparison their competitors depends key factors: the effectiveness the algorithm the number connections the registry server each accredited registration office has limited number creation requests that can send. the only way exceed this ceiling multiply the connections and therefore the accreditations. this phenomenon dramatically increases fixed costs and requires operators have sufficiently high business volume cover these additional costs. the bigger drop catcher's budget the more can subscribe significant number new connections accreditations. therefore, will have more successful reservation rate and therefore more satisfied customers. with increasing number customers, the auction price will positively impacted, thus improving the available budget. this virtuous circle significant barrier entry for any newcomers wishing enter the market once becomes mature. domraider today founded tristan colombet domraider today offers the best service for reserving dropped domain names. offer permanent choice from hundreds thousands domain names the verge being dropped. each domain name has been qualified order provide the most pertinent criteria for analyzing its value. offer our customers every type administration option for their domain names, redirections, dns (domain name system) entry management,... order offer the best recovery rate the market for the majority the domain name extensions that cover, rely years internal research and development. have fine-tuned innovative and unique technological solution thanks architecture designed universal. are thus capable integrating new domain name extensions and updating our capture algorithms much more quickly. our key points supported the stunning growth our sales, our team has tripled size one year, and now have people working countries, with the recent opening offices montreal and london adding our international coverage. have carried out more than transactions and have prestigious customers such warner music group, the french national education ministry, axa, the french national olympic and sports committee, and the french weather forecast organization, meteo france. have received accreditations for domain name extensions from international registries (at, be, biz, ca, cc, ch, co, co.uk, com, cz, de, es, eu, fr, info, io, it, me, net, nl, nu, org, pl, se, tv, uk, us) well that icann, the worldwide regulatory authority for million domain names. are already the drop catcher which covers the most domain name extensions the world. have become the european leader less than years and broke even supported the inovaa and eefficiency investment funds, the bpi france public bank, the credit agricole, banque populaire and cic private banks, have eur million financing. the blockchain shift blockchain introduction since the "blockchain" phenomenon, created and stemming from bitcoin, has received lot media hype with promises significant changes the relations between private individuals, organizations states. the term blockchain refers structure chained data, produced chronological manner within decentralized network and according consensus rules defined protocol. each distributed registry protocol produces its own blockchain (data) which represents the history the network's statuses. this medium resembles that public registry, replicated between users and validators. when block created, the validators (often called 'miners') lock the information contains via cryptographic transactions and include reference the previous block (block chaining). secure cryptographic hashing insures the integrity blocks and prevent modification data inside blocks without invalidating all the later blocks. the whole chain blocks subject strict consensus rules (proof-of-stake proof-of-work mechanisms) designed make extremely costly difficult alter the events transactions stored the blockchain. extension, the term blockchain, though only represents the data structure aspect, can refer all the components and cryptographic tools implemented this distributed computer protocol. smart contracts smart contract definition protocol drawn the basis promises between several parties. well before today's distributed automatically executed ethereum scripts, existed traditional contracts the form conditional execution clauses. the nature the smart contract linked the type registry protocol applied to. thus, ethereum (https://www.ethereum.org/), the smart contracts are computerized scripts spread out over the different nodes the registry's protocol network, and therefore the execution result also subject consensus between the nodes. thus, the result smart contract calculation smart contract transaction deemed reliable and difficult falsify. though, theory only applicable cyberspace, certain smart contracts can model contractual clauses, and certain jurisdictions, for example, the state delaware the usa, are working their legal recognition. the 'trust' revolution trust via proof. when certain criteria are grouped together, the blockchain can become medium which makes possible create trust between several players from different entities. the trust which thus established intrinsically linked the rules its protocol, its architecture, well the players' ecosystem. therefore interesting note that this not just about technology but also about governance and community users which adhere the rules the protocol. classification the existing platforms, can divided between: public networks and private networks permissionless networks and permissioned networks these two criteria can combined. thus, there are public permissionless (e.g. bitcoin, ethereum), public permissioned (ripple), private permissioned (ethereum private, hyperledger fabric) networks. blockchains and domain names present, the world domain names still highly centralized due icann's exclusive control the dns root, and therefore global domain name rules governance. the past, few unsuccessful attempts have been made create open dns, such open nic, but the next big development appears the decentralized ecosystem. the number initiatives this regard has fact multiplied recently. below are the most significant: namecoin derived open source (fork) bitcoin technology that uses, amongst other things, the addition new op_codes (elementary operation bitcoin script language), which makes possible record and read information linked domain names. namecoin promises increase the decentralization dns management, and improve security, censorship and privacy. unfortunately, namecoin not currently operational due many reasons such domain squatting. worth noting that the namecoin community has put forward very simple solution major problem, that is, the significant increase the cost domain name renewal. this solution has not yet been implemented due insufficient take-up. blockstack the first implementation decentralized dns system top the bitcoin network. this implementation combines dns functionality with key public infrastructure and primarily intended for use new applications. blockstack has been operational since september and currently manages over domain names. ethereum name service (ens). rather than sending eth public key that difficult memorize, ens sends jon.sno.eth. type address. the ens initiative without doubt one the most promising. its may launch was success with names attributed auction using deposit system that had already collected over million eth. https://ens.codetract.io/ ens opens promising method for future developments that may give them the exact same features domain names. further, they may already used this way within navigators such mist, the chrome metamask plug-in the online wallet myetherwallet. although ens does not yet include maintenance cost for each name held, this development the pipeline. will lead questions similar those that have historically impacted the world domain names, that is, concepts life cycle, grade period and, lastly, drop catching. the second market has already begun with https://www.enslisting.com/, for example. decentralizing auctions real time the limitations current auctions all the online auction platforms that currently exist are based one centralized operation. they rely proprietary and closed software. result this centralization, these platforms share the same limitations: they are not transparent bidders have way ensure the origin, authenticity and legitimacy higher bid. only the organizer has this information. they are not open every bidder must use the organizer's platform for registration, authentication and bidding. so, there are huge number auction organizers worldwide, bidder must register many times over. they must therefore manage many different accounts and learn how use new and different interface each time. the ecosystem very limited because one standard exists, each organizer has developed its own bidder interfaces and tools. but this proliferation has brought down the quality. for example, most auction organizers don't have mobile applications their mobile apps aren't ergonomic. similarly, almost impossible find associated auction services even though there high level interest from buyers for services ranging from purchase finance delivery. multiple worldwide auction platforms with range standards mean that bidders face additional limitations involving payment methods the cost making international payments (exchange rate charges and commissions). the world live auctions, physically run auctioneer, most are not yet connected through online platform. even when this the case, once again, the ecosystem extremely poor quality: limited ergonomics, poor quality audio and video streaming, lack delivery options... currently, auctioneers must through only one provider that sets its own tools and platform. open solution exists that would allow auctioneers directly and easily expand the audience for their sales worldwide. designing auction blockchain will launch new, open, decentralized platform that dedicated real time management any auction, worldwide, whether online live. want establish the fundamentals ecosystem that accessible all, with unlimited functionalities and potential. effect, everyone will able connect order sell, bid, organize auction offer service the ecosystem. the functionalities available our platform will therefore expand progressively and quickly, they are more widely adopted the community and auction professionals. thus, our solution is: scalable, reliable and transparent: thanks the distributed repository protocol, each operation will registered within the network way that transparent, publicly verifiable and virtually impossible falsify. interoperable: the client will able participate auctions run numerous worldwide auction organizers using just one interface. this way, each bidder will able select from numerous applications interfaces order follow participate any auction the world without changing their habits. this interoperability will also make possible link other distributed repositories such those processing identity background data. fast: order remain compatible within the "real time" constraint live auctions (that is, those physically run auctioneer), the blockchain will offer the technical consensus mechanism detailed below, ensuring that each higher bid validated less than second. very low transaction cost: the technical consensus mechanism selected will make possible secure highly reduced transaction costs based new tokens. this will make very easy join the blockchain itself, the decentralized platform will low level layer. will only provide the technical fundamentals required (detailed below) register transactions when bidders and higher bidders create sales. but thanks its open standard, will possible superimpose numerous additional layers and modules extend the functionalities and possibilities: time limits anti snipping increments payment guarantees kyc legal limitations escrow instant purchase reserve price auctioneer payments presentation lots real time audio and video streaming... quick up-take professionals designed player active the auction world, the domraider solution offers immediate response industry needs. professional auction organizers will keen connect their system the network will offer visibility their auctions and will bring them new buyers. the number buyers increases, the prices will increase, offering them immediate benefit. further the domraider solution will not require them abruptly break away from the system they already use. they will able adopt gradually, fully independently, separating out the functional stages. for example: straightforward publication auctions domraider the organizer without clients being able participate, publication and participation authorized for clients already registered with the organizer, participation and payment (in paper money cryptographics), participation open all, secured payment guarantee, participation open all with payment services, trusted third parties, delivery... the key point that professionals will able adopt the domraider solution without having suddenly switch from their existing system. the emergence ecosystem thanks its open and standardized nature, anyone will able offer sales relating interfaces services, and receive remuneration for these. for example, mobile developer could design and offer application that acts universal interface for all blockchain auctions. could receive remuneration through the automatic deduction commission the sales generated through its application. this example, the auction organizer will have set the initial auction parameters, and whether not intermediary authorized deduct commission. yes, then they will able set minimum tariff. there fore allowing each party the freedom implement their own rules sets fair market value: the auction organizer will control the level the commission that they willing pay, the distributors and publishers client applications will able decide maximum commission tariff for featuring valuing auctions that are underway. core the network logistics services logging bids and registration transactions application common rules lenders and escrow immediate purchase brokers and intermediairies advanced functions anti-snipping payment guarantee kyc identity checks addition advanced specified rules organizers order adapt different types sale domraider blockchain blockchain appraisal expertise bidding steps proof property tools and interfaces editors additional services providers advanced services enhancing the functioning the network specific operation currently, most blockchain technologies experience real uptake challenges. however, domraider benefits from structure that already established and financed, well proven business model that can facilitate the adoption blockchain technologies integrating them into solution that open the public and accessible all. the domraider interface able remain unaltered, there need for users fully aware the disruptive principles technical complexities the world decentralized applications, which sometimes hinder adoption. intend progress through the following stages: launch our network with number limited and controlled nodes (contained latency network) launch program financial incentives encourage other parties set new nodes the network migration the existing domraider platform ensure compatibility with the decentralized network, and switch client domain name auctions onto this platform development first interfaces for auction organization and participation expansion and diversification nodes order guarantee ever more transparency and immutability will the same with providers auction management tools for physical and online auction houses partnerships and occasional equity holding companies that organize their own auctions order expand the offer will offer financial incentives third parties contribute the expansion the ecosystem order integrate specialist partners (specialist knowledge, kyc, financial guarantees, lenders, logistics, market places...) the technological element technical challenges and limitations order for the domraider network widely adopted, must offer solution that flexible enough fulfill the following criteria: rapid approval: remain compatible with "live" auctions, necessary have short approval time regardless the number users and transactions competing the network. envisage approval time less than one second. scalability supporting millions users and transactions: each auction generates significant number signatures, the technology used must able carry the burden this information without however reducing the network's performance creating transaction delays. the ability put interface place depends the availability thin client and the ability manipulate data (research, navigation) that have reached consensus the network's various nodes. maintaining extremely low transaction cost: wide network adoption must inevitably involve strict control transaction costs for users. staying date: taking into account the network's high financial load, the technology used must able ensure sufficiently smooth maintenance, correction and development. particular, must able remain fully able respond any security threat. interoperability: must position accept any type fiat currency ($, y=, eur) cryptocurrency order enable escrow deposit guarantees, but also manage identity any other user profile metadata. accessibility focus the issue interfaces many interface categories must put place depending the target user's level competence: api for automatic auction software javascript turnkey mobile modules for our partners lightwallet for general public users accessing the service from their smartphones phones heavywallet (full client) for advanced users and those using the service from laptop desktop. this offers more auction options well research and navigation interface public auctions. the token management system also plays role here and for professional users must enable the option manage hot and cold wallets, that wallets that reveal their drt reserve (domraider token, detailed below) online (hot wallet) and others that enable offline storage (cold wallet). being offline, 'cold storage' solutions are more secure and therefore more difficult hack. user authentication the user's cryptographic identity also their network authentication and allows them carry out transactions (creation offer bids). there are two potential auction registration methods: private auction: the auction organizer shares auction username with list users. only those invited (on whitelist) may place bid private auction: anyone may join and take part. development our platform before planning develop our own technology, will benchmark (carry out comparative study) all the technological variables that might form the basis our auction solution, either for setting our solution platforms, for implementing fork adapt specifically auctions. the alternatives that have been examined can categorized into two categories: full on-chain solutions: auctions are entirely managed under the network infrastructure mixed hybrid on-chain and off-chain solutions: auctions are partially managed outside the network infrastructure using security provided the deposit on-chain guarantees and transactions signed and published outside the network. benchmark evaluation criteria: criteria importance speed and scalability ***** flexibility introduce auction management and rich functionality **** transaction cost *** ability manage privacy (avoiding data mining that would make possible spy individuals) *** available interfaces (wallet, lightwallet, api) ability put reputable system place ***** *** below there non-exhaustive list the solutions that have been examined with view using adapting these our blockchain auction system. on-chain solutions multichain multichain solution published coin sciences ltd) (fork) technology that emerged from bitcoin and dedicated the business world, which why functionalities such rights management (permissioned) have been added, installation process and the addition automated nodes, the ability manage multiple assets, and the functionality known "data streams. the data streams functionality involves adding key value database blockchain infrastructure, which can also used for managing time series. this function could prove good basis for the (on-chain) management auction data with accurate time stamping. "production ready" multichain was announced very recently, that is, august which makes even more appealing, especially scalability has been quoted transactions per second (to benchmarked within our context). bitcoin sidechain: the sidechain concept was invented and patented the well-known company blockstream, which employs some contributors the bitcoin core. "sidechain" blockchain (bitcoin) extension that serves put place functionality that isn't available within the "parent chain": privacy, confidential transactions (hidden values), scalability, new signature standards, zero knowledge proof, etc.... blockstream recently may announced that its product "liquid" was beta program with around dozen large client companies. among the advantages sidechains for auction management, already foresee: the ability segment sidechains: geographic information, auction professional categories, etc.... scalability, both terms the number users and the number transactions data reliability and security when peg our sidechains the bitcoin network. ethereum (permissionned): this stage, use the public ethereum network isn't suitable for managing on-chain auctions. however, permissioned ethereum infrastructure (but with public playback network) with parity and hoc consensus algorithm such proof authority might make possible achieve significant capacity. moreover, this configuration currently being tested the energy web foundation (http://energyweb.org/), which has announced that capacity could time reach million transactions per second. another advantage the parity solution the highly promising polkadot infrastructure (https://polkadot.network/) that would enable numerous blockchain infrastructures communicate (credit exchange, execution smart contracts). within the ethereum ecosystem, auctions could put place using smart contract, which would charge verifying norms while the infrastructure would time stamp the bids placed participants. bigchaindb: bigchaindb technology that uses the benefits classic nosql solutions achieve scalability and resilience incorporating the idea transactions and adapting the consensus algorithm model known the federation consensus model) bigchaindb technology can deployed private public network (ipdb network). this technology's clear benefits could make extremely appealing within the auctions context: load capacity writes per second), rich permissions model (flexibility for open auctions auctions restricted whitelist), dynamic changefeed, linear capacity. hyperledger fabric: the hyperledger fabric product was initiated ibm, which soon entrusted the linux foundation. the hyperledger ecosystem (which bigger than fabric) has experienced extremely high growth and the consortium already has members from all industry sectors, including cisco, airbus, american express, sap among others. hyperledger fabric (in since june was designed respond business needs and offers privacy, scalability, fully searchable datastore easily access the content transactions organized blocks, and numerous consensus algorithms that can adapted according context. byteball: although doesn't operate using the block concept, the byteball platform forms part the blockchain ecosystem because offers the same promise decentralization and transaction management without central controlling body. for the sake simplicity, one could argue that does fact use the block concept but with only one transaction. interesting note that fundamental reason for implementing block the ability pay miners, which isn't requirement the byteball ecosystem. the absence block above all means the absence block time. thus, transaction bid our case) written onto the network without confirmation time lag, other than network latency. false invalid transactions remain present but are disregarded. byteball transaction data are organized dag (directed acyclic graph), which creates data structure that hard falsify far each new transaction validates preceding transactions. the chatbot technology incorporated into byteball also interest can act the basis for auction interface. equally, byteball displays two types asset: bytes for classic transactions, and blackbytes for private transactions where the raw transaction content (legible format) sent directly the receiver rather than being published. order ensure that there doublespend within blackbytes, the transaction hash and spend-proof are stored. therefore possible manage closed private auctions even when the network open. finally, byteball makes possible issue assets that cannot moved without the cosignature the issuing body (e.g. bank, auction organizer who wishes manage and validate the identity bidder). this option interest when managing bids line with kyc aml requirements where they apply. iota: the features the iota platform (relevant auction management) are similar those set out the byteball section not need set out again. nem: the nem platform provides services such payment, messaging, asset issue, and also domain name management. one nem's unique features the consensus algorithm known proof importance (poi). the algorithm adjusts the importance (of node identity) depending the number transactions, the identity used carry out transactions, and other factors. importance strongly influences the probability node being selected for calculation block and collection charges linked that block. this system connected the reputation management eigentrust++, which makes possible filter false identities within the network. this mechanism extremely encouraging within the auction context where sometimes necessary avoid dealing with individuals whose behavior inappropriate. nem (or in-house network based the same principles) may also interest for when comes putting place auction system because the poi benefits, particularly the low barriers entry (energy, cost) necessary for setting node. the concept importance also interest. waves: the waves platform includes decentralized exchange and trading platform, wallet with simplified customer experience, but also gateway that complies with fiat currency regulations (including the euro). this highly unique positioning makes potential competitor leading platforms such ethereum. from technical point view, the implementation limited number miner nodes and the consensus algorithm known leased proof stake (lpos), derivative the delegated proof stake, adds above average scalability and speed. within the context auctions, worth undertaking analysis the type the actors that will operate the nodes. open bazaar: open bazaar fully decentralized free e-commerce marketplace. the project founded multiple technologies: the kademlia hash table system (based the bittorrent protocol), ipfs (interplanetary file system), ricardian contracts and the bitcoin network. the openbazaar platform (currently only accessible desktop) extremely inspiring from the client experience viewpoint allows the final user search and navigate service catalogue (which could also include bids). also offers live chat, which allows e-traders and users communicate. our ability create this type experience key the success our project. other: remain open and the lookout for any exciting new developments within the ecosystem find any new system that applies and useful decentralized auction system. particular, will follow the development new tezos, eos and other new platforms that will soon launched. summary on-chain solutions scalability flexibility fees interfaces privacy multi chain *** ***** ***** ***** sidechain bitcoin **** *** *** ***** ***** ethereum (parity poa) ***** ***** bigchaindb ***** ***** *** hyperledger fabric **** **** *** *** **** byteball ***** ***** ***** ***** *** iota ***** ***** ***** *** *** nem **** *** *** *** waves **** *** ***** open bazaar **** *** ***** off-chain solutions principles micropayment channels: the principle micro-payment channels similar the tab system currently used by, for example, hotels. the process has stages: security deposit opens the tab. this the payment network's request: the channel open transaction, the tab increases each time service consumed the network does not request payment: channel use, the tab closed when the trader settles the balance due this the second and final payment request made the network: closure channel. the process similar the blockchain universe: the channel opened through the (on-chain) publication multi-signature security with (on-chain) lock there (off-chain) exchange between the client and the trader through shared intermediate transactions (tab's intermediate amounts) signed cryptographic information that not published the network the channel closed when (one the parties) publishes the final intermediate transaction (or closing information), which enables the amount due from the client settled. the advantage this method that thousands transactions can made with only two requests for payment from the network, which minimizes transaction costs while also guaranteeing settlement. application the auction mechanism: this process described from the perspective micropayment for erc token available through the ethereum network. this depiction can adapted any other platform. the process unfolds stages: trader deposit (%)* deposit returned client payment the auction that has been won auction smart contract traffic your website participation the auction client the bidder's maximum participation stage opening micropayment channel. each auction participant places "deposit" through smart contract, which represents bid. from the technical point view, the deposit combination "transferform" functions (to the "smart contract address) and "approves" the erc token standard. stage off-chain exchanges. exchange signed character chain that combines the bid amount and its identity. stage channel closing. reimbursement all auction participants other than the auction winner. worth noting that the payment taken initiate the bid may not represent the total amount, which would allow professional users participate numerous auctions (on the basis that they won't win all them). can envisage payment small sum, for example the target amount, the basis that delay payment the winning bidder possible. the event that the amount not settled, the user may lose their security deposit and get bad reputation within the system, which may exclude them from certain types auction. other issues clock synchronization: the operation auctions requires that particular attention paid registration the date that information received from bidders. thus, particular attention paid the issue clock synchronization within network nodes. intend use ntp (network time protocol) type protocols and must examine their efficiency when nodes are not located within the same network. privacy: the transparency decentralized approach may allow all users (both well intentioned and ill-intentioned) reconstruct person's activity through data analysis (data mining). this possibility makes difficult protect person's privacy our decentralized auction system. various (combined) approaches will implemented protect user data: use hierarchical deterministic wallets (inspired bip bitcoin) order access new sub-identities for each new transaction zkp (zero knowledge proof) protocols token migration: the first version the drt token managed the ethereum platform via the erc token standard. once the target platform place, envisage the eventual migration the token onto this new platform. should this become necessary, token migration mechanism will put place offer all drt token holders the option migrate their tokens onto the platform that has been put place. the exact methods and time available for carrying out this migration will shared due course. roadmap first version description: the first version our platform developed the basis security guarantees that use erc drt tokens and auction management system founded bigchaindb technology. fact, have deemed this realistic approach for the establishment our platform within the given timeframe, that is, december with view integration into our domraider service order control transaction costs, initially favor using bigchaindb our own servers rather than using the public ipdb infrastructure. partnerships will created diversify the parties operating our network nodes. using the drt token: the drt token used open credit within our auction platform. this approach makes platform use easy and fluid while ensuring that participants are serious, any user who fails finalize their payment within the given time frame (in the event winning bid) will lose their security deposit and will receive reputation score that may exclude them from certain sales. suggest the principle that security deposit (sd) will default cover credit search value equivalent times the deposit amount. this default amount may adjusted case-by-case basis each auction organizer. from technical point view, the deposit made when specific function requested from our drt token. this function has the following parameters: amount frozen, length freezing period, address the bot that can unfreeze the funds seize them transaction penalty (the penalty can set each auction organizer). using bigchaindb: each transaction bigchaindb asset whose configuration settings represent information relating the bid. each bid, higher bid and winning bid bigchaindb transaction relating the asset. bigchaindb load capacities may (following configuration) allow for handling large number bids and close real time. auction process shapeshift waves litecoin bitcash... ethereum deposit demand anonymous wallet for user bitcoin ethereum drt erc raise api limited amount token loyalty default smart contract drt prior auction the auction organizer creates bigchaindb asset that opens the sale the user(s) place drt deposit open credit search whose sum linked the number tokens deposited. this deposit can made two ways: the drt token gel (cf paragraph above) bitcoin payment, ethereum domraider bot that generates deposit address and carries out the drt token gel for the user account. worth notice that using the shapeshift service this operation will possible using other cryptocurrencies. the bot registers the deposit and records the information within the bigchaindb data during auction users place bids and higher bids via bigchaindb transaction the "targeted" asset. the auction rules are verified accordance with the asset's configuration data. the validity higher bid still linked the deposit being sufficient (information updated bots) end auction the winner declared and they must make payment order end the operation. the payment made other than with drt, the auction organizer must note this the system (cryptocurrency payments may registered automatically domraider bots) other users have the option either withdraw their drt tokens leave them guarantee for other auctions. the bots release the tokens and renew each participant's "credit search". withdrawal user's drt deposit guarantee only authorized when auction progress. administering nodes: initially, the system launched using small number bigchaindb nodes, all administered domraider. nevertheless, increase the extent our service's decentralization, will launch program aimed diversifying the number parties operating the network. various different incentives encourage operator set new node: optimization and control network latency for auction network user partnership with auction sector operators. monthly sponsorship program (participation costs carried servers) the top drt nodes according the quality service and length availability. this program will launched over only months and when ends domraider will decide whether not worth replicating. proof concept determine the best long-term solution parallel developing version our platform, r&d team working number distinct proofs concept (pocs) follow the evolution different technologies. this stage, envisage that the following pocs are the most relevant: byteball for testing time stamping without the constraints block time, sidechain order test chain segmentation, micropayment channel with erc tokens assess scalability and check our control over transaction costs using this principle. however, depending the way things evolve, the solutions assessed may different those envisaged and set out this document. the event that technological solution demonstrates greater relevance than that development production, will work (and communicate) plan migrate from our platform, under the proviso that this does not change user interfaces. key roadmap dates july creation october capital raised may additional funding secured june domraider blockchain network designed september launch sales registration cryptocurrency security deposits october drt tokens issued through the ico november implementation erc deposit guarantee smart-contract february domraider auctions switched the blockchain network june first implementation with third party partner december bids, higher bids and attribution process managed our private infrastructure april launch the domraider partnership program with auction professionals september first nodes operated partners not affiliated domraider typical auction process bidder rules dates duration anti snipping increments bidder organizer opens new sale and sets its main parameters required deposit (%) (*) payment deadline once bid has been won (*) bidder bidder issues participation request validates b's access participate the sale places bid base currency payment guarantee confirms the bid details the item being sold (description, features, photos, videos...) organizer information seller information guarantee delegation (the organizer may decide free their own clients from the need make payment guarantee via the blockchain doing through their own site) kyc and associated limitations (for example, excluding buyers who are geographically ineligible take part sale) instant purchase reserve price bidder issues participation request validates c's access participate the sale places bid refuses the bid does not comply with the sale's minimum increment asks place bid confirms the bid asks place bid organizer charges intermediary commissions rules for validating bidders (which may may not require the organizer's prior approval) live streams (audio/video streaming for live sales) refuses the bid another live bidder the hall offered the same amount before registers "live" bid asks place bid (*) the auction organizer sets the deposit guarantee percentage needed validate bid. for example, and payment deadline days: the other validity conditions have been met, euro bid only valid the amount held corresponds euros. the event that the auction participant wins the sale, they will have days pay for the bid and any failure will result them losing their security deposit (the euros). confirms the bid proceeds call the sale for using the domraider token information drts may only used participate and access auctions set using domraider technology. once this auction network has been created, drts may used the network outlined below. however, domraider tokens cannot used prior domraider having developed the blockchain technology for auction sales. they may, however, freely exchanged once they have become available. sum up, the bidding system set domraider will make possible to: acquire drts use drts providers additional services spotters bidders buyers organizers sellers acquiring tokens selling goods products auction rather than settling with fiat currency, the auction organizer may choose directly provide the seller with the profits the sale drts. skilled seller may also act both seller and organizer. this way they will have complete control over their auction. receiving sales commissions: auction organizer: organizer free set the level the commission they wishe deduct from the winning bid any auctions they launch. this commission, paid drts, will added deducted from the final sales price, line with the initial settings. intermediary: when organizer has allowed for this their initial configuration, business providers, platforms even mobile application providers may receive commission drts sales where the winning bidder has gone through this intermediary. selling associated network services: any service provider wishing provide complementary auction service may take part the planned transactions and receive payment from clients drts. for example, financial services provider who guarantees security deposit against volatility during auction may bill for its services drts. spend tokens organizing auctions: publishing new auction the network does not involve direct transaction cost for the organizer, however they must first provide deposit guarantee drts. this will fully reimbursed the end the completed sale all sale transaction costs are added the sales price. the security deposit may any time partially retained cover transaction costs the event that the sale does not complete, the organizer cancels it, the winner exempt from direct payment (organizer client sales parameters). security deposit for certified auctions: for auctions where the organizer requires security deposit, bidders must systematically "cover" their bids with associated security deposit drts. this deposit will held escrow only during the time that the auction valid and will released soon the client loses their hand. works similar way debit pre-authorization bankcard. winning bids: for auctions where the organizer requires security deposit, winning bid leads the transfer the corresponding sum placed the bidder their security deposit. the sum then distributed between the buyer, organizer and intermediary. possible envisage that the security deposit might little higher order cover exchange rate risk between auction's fiat currency and the drt, which might arise during the sale period. where applicable, the buyer will reimbursed the remaining differential the end the sale. volume transactions launch the domraider network will very quickly involve all transactions from auctions directly organized domraider. with their already high growth, this will ensure that the network immediately used effectively, increasing the probability large scale and quick uptake. addition, domraider will, soon possible, put everything place finalize first integration contracts with major auction organizers. increase the volume global transactions will depend directly the correlation intrinsically linked factors: increase the number organizers publishing new auctions increase the number auctions launched organizers increase the number potential buyers following and taking part available auctions increase the number intermediaries promoting auctions offer and providing access tools increase the number complementary service providers extending the network's functionality for organizers and buyers. sale domraider tokens trade-off the tokens issued come with "action requirement" from domraider, that is, develop public auction blockchain. duration and process tokens will sold from //, phases: the pre-sale: from utc/gmt utc/gmt the sale: from utc/gmt utc/gmt the total number tokens sold during the pre-sale period cannot exceed the total number tokens initially put for sale the ico; that is, maximum tokens. the number requests received during the pre-sale period exceeds this level, requests will honored chronological order line with the set limit, and the excess orders will returned clients. initial token distribution the trading operation foresees the creation and distribution billion domraider tokens (drt) distributed follows: locked for ecosystem incentive sale price eur, drt sold during ico ,,, total number tokens created type token: erc value the sale: capped eur (excluding any potential stretch goal) pre sale from sale from guaranteed sale unsold tokens will purchased domraider's two principal shareholders, inovaa and eefficiency distributed stakeholders (team, advisors, community) tokens, that ,,, will sold during the course the domraider ico trading operation tokens, that ,,, will distributed ex-gratia stakeholders that have contributed the operation's success tokens, that ,,, will held reserve domraider. their use detailed below the tokens sold during the ico, drt, will only issued this time. this way, their total number will determined and fixed the end the sale, guaranteed smart contract linking them the blockchain. les drt seront negociables sur les exchanges. nous sommes actuellement discussion avec token availability when the sales period ends, tokens will issued and distributed clients via smartcontract within days, that is, //. sold tokens may used and transferred from the time they are assigned. tokens distributed free charge stakeholders that have contributed the operation's success will immediately useable and transferable. the remaining will released gradually the total each month from the date the first tokens are issued. this way, every holder tokens obtained through this category will have received full free usage and transferability these tokens months following their issue. the tokens held reserve domraider will locked level the reserve and released gradually the total reserve per month. their use described below. unlocking carried out automatically line with the rules set out the token smart-contract. acquisition price and conditions during the ico (initial coin offering) sales period, the tokens shall offered the single price eur./drt ($./drt) (domraider token). the payment orders are offered multiple currencies, the number tokens preallocated during order shall calculated the basis the exchange rate force the moment that the customer's payment received. between the moment that the order validated the customer and the reception the customer's payment, there may exchange rate variations which could lead subsequent increase decrease the number tokens pre-allocated the customer. the payment the tokens can made credit card, sepa (single euro payments area) direct debit, swift bank transfer paypal. customers also have the possibility acquiring tokens against other crypto currencies. thus, they can order drts against ethers (the ethereum network's currency) even against bitcoins. once again, the number tokens pre-allocated during order shall calculated the basis the chosen crypto currency exchange rate the moment when the reception the customer's payment confirmed. when payment transaction still valid minutes after its execution, shall considered being confirmed (the number confirmation blocks can vary according the blockchain used and the network's level congestion). the chosen rate shall that supplied the kraken exchange platform https://www.kraken.com any transaction fees (gas) shall addition and paid the customer. the instantaneous conversion service, shapeshift, shall also offered customers wishing pay with another crypto currency used the service. the same calculation method used for the payment ether shall also applied set the number pre-allocated tokens. all the indicated and displayed prices shall drawn exclusive tax and exempt from any service not specifically listed. the entire amount shall due and payable the moment the order. the ordered tokens shall only allocated and delivered upon receipt payment. during the timeframe between the payment the order and the delivery the tokens, the funds crypto currency paid the customer shall kept domraider. the payment shall considered have been made when domraider cashes the effective price. any remittance title recognizing obligation pay does not constitute effective payment (bill exchanges must accepted beforehand). early payment shall not lead discount. the instructing party not the end customer, then the customer shall undertake make sure that the end customer complies with the formalities french law no. regarding subcontracting, which shall considered under the terms the general sales conditions being international public policy enactment, the absence any presentation approval leading the customer's impossibility claim order against domraider (e.g. for any claims regarding non-compliance with regard the specifications). the customer shall remain, nevertheless, bound perform its contractual obligations with regard any third parties the chain. any telecommunication expenses incurred when accessing the company's services shall paid the customer. ordering process any customer wishing purchase tokens must register beforehand domraider's ico website: https://www.domraider.io/. customers must then validate the email address they have indicated, and then enter their invoicing information. customers shall then requested enter the ethereum portfolio address which they wish receive the domraider tokens. they not yet have portfolio, they can follow the instructions generate one. they may then enter the number tokens they wish purchase and choose the payment method their choice. the event that customer wishes make payment crypto currency, they shall receive their own unique recipient address which the currency they have chosen shall sent. soon the deposit the funds has been validated, customers shall receive confirmation their allocation email. any moment, customers can consult the history their orders and the tokens which they have been consequently allocated domraider's ico website. the end the ico sales period, customers can monitor the status the final allocation tokens and their delivery. order prevent any phishing risks, please make sure that the address which appears your browser uniquely and exclusively: https://www.domraider.io/ before attempting make connection purchase. particular, check that the connection secured (green padlock) and that the extension the '.io' domain name the right one. token buyback program addition, and when its own reserve tokens has been used up, domraider shall set continuous buyback program order pursue the actions described the previous paragraph. stretch goals all the issued tokens put for sale are sold out during the ico sales period, domraider reserves the right increase the total number drts issued during the commercial operation. this case: the additional tokens shall put sale the same price used the previous sales phase the additional tokens shall distributed free charge between all the drt holders, proportion the number tokens they owned before the increase the total number tokens issued. there are several successive modifications during the ico sales period, the distribution additional free tokens shall cumulative for each holder. the calculation shall identical whatever the nature the future holders, including for the stakeholders who contributed the commercial operation and domraider with regard its token reserve. example: customer purchases drts pour eur, the ico launch domraider decides add million drts the total issued, i.e., total billion tokens i.e. million are distributed free charge the previous holders the additional million tokens put for sale are all sold the million drts put for sale (out planned total billion) are all sold i.e. million are put for sale eur. each customer receives additional free drts she already owns ,,, (.%) the tokens. they shall therefore receive the same proportion the million drts distributed free charge domraider decides add million drts the total issued, i.e. total billion tokens i.e. million are put for sale eur./token customer receives additional free drts she already owns ,,, (.%) the tokens. she shall therefore receive the same proportion the million drts distributed free charge i.e. million are distributed free charge the previous holders this example, the final distribution the issued tokens shall modified follows: the tokens, i.e. ,,, sold during the ico the tokens, i.e. ,,, distributed the stakeholders who contributed the success the operation the tokens, i.e. ,,, kept domraider end the sale if, the end the sale period, //, there are still some unsold tokens, the two major shareholders domraider, eefficiency and inovaa, have undertaken purchase the surplus. if, the other hand, the end the sale period, the orders are higher than the number available tokens, these will allocated the customer chronological order their orders. any orders which are not honored, shall reimbursed the customers question within the week via the original payment method (bank transfer, credit card, paypal crypto currency). use the funds the profits from the sale the tokens shall enable domraider fund: the growth domraider's business the development the blockchain dedicated auctions the acquisition stakes strategic targets order develop the use the network and its functionalities the breakdown the planned use presented hereinafter, the 'financial considerations' section. use the tokens reserve domraider shall use the planned reserve tokens for the following purposes: promote the project order develop the visibility and adoption the network bonuses and bounty for the community purchasing advertising visibility and media payment incentives broaden usage: bug bounty funding open source contributors partnerships with auction organizers partnerships with additional service providers additional sales fund new aspects the project new acquisitions order develop the domraider network stakeholders our values putting people the heart everything and our decentralized decision-making approach inspired the guiding principles 'liberated companies', other words helping each employee play full part the success the company. were awarded the label being one the best start-up companies work for. each member the team autonomous and responsible for their tasks. the fruits the labour are shared thanks free-share allocation program rendering each employee shareholder. the team tristan colombet ceo the founder, tristan colombet, successful serial entrepreneur. founded his first company, prizee.com, when was only years old. within few years, his platform, which specialized organizing award-winning competitions for the general public, was the leader the french casual gaming sector. won prize the technology fast for prizee.com's spectacular growth over years. the next year, the company was employing people with turnover eur. million. with million gamers using the prizee network, tristan was approached the international corporation digital virgo, who wanted develop the gaming website worldwide. the sale was entered into june. this sale enabled tristan launch eefficiency, his own investment fund dedicated startups. acquired linxo which has since become one the stars fintech. following another investor round more than eur million sold his stake large financial institutions (credit mutuel arkea, credit agricole, maif). founded domraider which less than years become the leading drop catcher (the service reserving expired domain names) france. the company grew exponentially with its headcount increasing from employees. domraider has been accredited more than countries and has opened its first international branches. june tristan was elected onto the afnic board administration, the french state's official .fr registry under the authority the minister charge the digital economy. seats alongside representatives the ministries charge electronic communications, industry and research. tristan launched the turing project which includes the extension and renovation close next generation offices and co-working spaces the pardieu technological zone clermont-ferrand, integrating large lounge spaces with pool tables and table soccer tables, large laid-out terraces, -seat auditorium and fitness center. bivouac, the clermont-auvergne startups accelerator, which has recently been labelled frenchtech, already installed there. christophe david cfo chief financial officer christophe not only graduated from business school with degree international management but also has degree accounting. during his career has worked innovation, and consultancy well setting companies. thus, set zencod, company developing hardware crypto accelerators, which sold thales always motivated highly ambitious entrepreneurial challenges, his encounter with domraider was natural fit. the enthusiasm was shared and immediate. always leader, now the guarantor investments and fundraising. delphine delaire sales manager results driven, tuned into the needs customer, and business school graduate, delphine initially specialized international management and corporate finance. she was project manager for franchise-oriented profit centers. she then joined the domraider team order participate the drop catching business the sales manager. vincent vermersch cto chief technical officer legend says that vincent was there before the internet... may well true. after several entrepreneurial adventures under his belt, particular the referencing field, joined the ranks domraider its inception. the man that you can count the technical team, there never problem with him just solutions. thinks things over, arbitrates, prioritizes and everything sorts itself out. his natural curiosity has led him have in-depth knowledge all the programming languages, much the front end the back end, has good people skills with his teams and always kind and friendly. excellent trainer, will improve any team's expertise. damien henriques cmo chief marketing officer damien customer centric, and after earning his stripes working customer service and marketing, damien set his own marketing agency. his goal was satisfy the needs large multinational companies such michelin, limagrain and volvic. five years later, decided sell his share his company for new more digital-orientated challenge and joined domraider. here, thinks globally, his goal efficient and effective possible and carries out his marketing and communication tasks like one else. begona garrido international operations manager born spain and with degree translating and interpreting, begona chose france she reoriented her focus towards international trade studies. she began her career multilingual customer service department and quickly moved the ladder towards purchasing. chief product purchaser, she used all the traditional purchasing levers carry out successful negotiations (planning, simplification, pooling together needs) and thus building long-term sustainable relations with global partners! strongly focused added value and customer needs, domraider she implementing its international product strategy and coordinating its development. fang wang chinese market manager yufang passionate about new technologies. after obtaining bachelor's degree from the henan university, she worked for four years the vocational education institution chengdu and the huangshui college chengdu professor. she taught herself speak french. she came france pursue her studies. armed with her specific knowledge and skill set, she has joined domraider's international team. kosuke kawasaki japan market manager multilingual, japanese, french, english; kosuke domraider samurai carrying out any services japanese! born japan, arrived france when was years old. after getting bachelor's degree sociology, worked the international trade, construction and translation sectors. since has worked journalism and reported from the field during the ukrainian conflict, and the charlie hebdo terrorist attack. bolstered this experience, became student again and obtained master's degree social politics and territorial development, and became interested new systems such crypto currency and blockchains... topics which interested him much that joined our team! svetlana kovin russian market manager svetlana results-oriented, has strong negotiating skills and expertise process optimization. after working for years moscow, she followed her husband when came france work for french multinational company. after graduating with two master's degrees france (in marketing and technical communication), she was charge developing and implementing and customer services for different multinational companies. she joined domraider develop the russian market. dan chinese market manager chinese proverb says: "read many books you can and travel far the path allows you". born the yunnan mountains region, she always wanted, from her childhood memories, leave one day and explore the world. her passion for languages and literature led her france where she continued her studies after having obtained degree literature china. for years, jinan, she worked different fields editor and sales assistant. she has been working france since curious and always search new challenges, she joined domraider's international team for the "domraider ico" project! ana montero spanish markes manager ana speaks four languages, autonomous, perfectionist and pugnacious. she went the united states when she was years old, then travelled australia, england and france. she then worked for well-known law firm and other spanish, french, italian companies interpreter. she graduated from the university granada with master's degree translating and interpreting. ana joined the domraider international team and will happy support customers spanish-speaking countries during the 'domraider ico' project. simonetta chines italian market manager keen linguist, simonetta began teacher italy. after obtaining master's degree modern letters the university turin, she emigrated france pursue her career. after obtaining another master's degree from the university caen (normandy), she taught italian, and the side, began publish novels for italian publishing house. she has won several awards during creative writing competitions. two her stories will the final national competition organized the press company mondadori. the ico new challenge for her! alice kennedy english market manager meticulous, and operational, alice began her career english teacher paris. she then returned the united kingdom get master's degree before working for project law firm for two years. she has returned france develop the company's business english-speaking markets. kevin bargoin lead dev full stack while was still his senior year internship prizee.com, tristan colombet offered kevin the position developer eefficiency. freshly graduated with degree web development, was therefore alongside tristan that learnt how work. from test test, from new ideas projects, the code lines came out fast and furious. august participated the creation (ex-domraider). organized and autonomous, kevin has been historical and vital link the team and has perfect knowledge domraider. favorite tech stack: his reactivex kubernetes php docker rethinkdb reactjs mongodb docker angularjs elastic search material design etienne roudeix lead dev back end etienne has professional bachelor's degree networks and communication. extremely curious, with interest broad range topics and always gathering information learn more. gives the tempo the back end team, hates approximations. ambitious and strives for perfection and only stops when has achieved it. but with his sense humor, kidding around with his colleagues remains his best talent! favorite tech stack: his anything with reactive programming and strong typing design architecture with strong data consistency logan lesage lead dev front ios lead dev when was employed international industrial company was also working freelancer developing mobile applications. joined domraider but above all the team! keen sportsman, team spirit part his dna and domraider's values perfectly match his own. listens, knows how adapt constraints and patient. gives true balance the front end team. favorite tech stack: his laravel angularjs react, postgresql swift react native mobile development florian pereira react lead dev from missions different companies more personal projects, florian can never get enough when comes coding discovering new language! works quickly, very quickly. the more complicated something is, the more excels. always has the mot juste with his excellent repartee. loves algorithms almost much hates meetings. favorite tech stack: his react react native react machinelearning php node matthieu huguet back end lead dev graduate epitech [paris graduate school innovation], matthieu both developer and entrepreneur. his technical expertise thus enhanced his strategic vision and his customer centricity. passionate about scalability issues and notably worked architect for prizee.com. after years entrepreneur, joined domraider work the optimization the drop catching algorithms. his philosophy: sharing and progressing. favorite tech stack: his scala akka play framework cycle.js advanced system knowledge jeremy marodon full stack developer jeremy interested many topics, enthusiastic and results-driven. believes respecting his commitments, does everything his power achieve his individual, team and company objectives. after having worked for the region's largest companies well start-ups, was convinced into becoming part the project the challenge designing solutions that would used thousands daily users, the large-scale technical challenge and the team. favorite tech stack: his nginx react symfony project management open source alban baixas back end developer convinced the benefits teamwork, alban likes learn and share daily basis. replying complex issues simple programs motivates him continually search for new approaches. favorite tech stack: his api rest rabbitmq kubernetes php docker object-oriented programming (design pattern) mike nopere back end developer for mike, nothing impossible. entirely self-taught, our "crazy geek coder". has expertise several techniques, has broad knowledge base and very mischievous. remains calm every circumstance, enthusiastic and proactive. favorite tech stack: his linux mongodb nginx php network inter-connectivity nodejs sabrina gaillac communications and partnerships manager sabrina observes, notes things and then only acts after she has analyzed everything. she can tackle and understand wide range topics. she recently participated the launch airline company, designed and monitored this project's communication and media strategy. she now exercising her talents the drop catching sector. intelligent and smart she has expert knowledge the codes communication and uses them perfectly. romuald clermont brand content community manager before the position community manager was recognized the corporate world, romuald was already doing this job was the one who invented it! experienced initial success babymoov where contributed the brand's development. expert social media, connected everywhere and all the time. also specialist editorial strategy and content creation. julien fernandes communications and partnerships manager julien the globetrotter the marketing team. after year's experience working communications for digital company, julien left work for the walt disney company the usa. his return france, searched for marketing-based position and one which had international dimension: domraider was the perfect fit! very organized, develops the dashboards and reports for all the events which domraider takes part. monday montreal, tuesday berlin, wednesday rimini, friday las vegas...sometimes, ask ourselves whether has the gift omnispresence. september, going open the canadian subsidiary. paul decombes direct marketing manager graduate esc (clermont-ferrand business school), paul worked marketing for casino and fnac. then took 'back-packing' break and crossed the american continent from canada argentina. five months later, back the marketing field where decided specialize direct marketing. domraider, paul mister numbers. crm (customer relationship management) his favorite playing field. you need reports, database extracts results, then paul your man! will super happy help you, loves it! severine demay executive assistant severine has years experience support positions administrative management, customer service, human resources and after-sales service. she worked for startups for five years before joining domraider. the time, the creator was already certain tristan colombet...her smiley nature and versatility are key assets her multi-task role domraider. lauren gavalda administrative management assistant like super woman but without the red cape, simply lauren does everything! she the super assistant who helps out all the departments their administrative tasks. with very cross-functional and very operational role, she takes into account everyone's requests, searches for and finds the solution. and always with smile and cup coffee! sebastien donne product owner with career path both business and communication, sebastien has worked columbia and germany. influenced latin humor and exactitude, sebastien, like the white rabbit alice wonderland, never late! for domraider the product owner and disseminates agile methods. with his rigor and his phlegmatic nature, navigates between departments with...agility. florent blin country business developer likeable and optimistic, loves finding new customers. the past, worked sales management scandinavia (norway, sweden). graduate the kedge marseille business school (previously euromed management), today charge developing domraider's business the swedish market. jonathan cote account manager after graduating with degree asset management insurance and after implementing insurance plans for companies all sizes for several years, jonathan's career path was already mapped out. constantly search new knowledge, jonathan wanted work sector passionate about. curious nature, capable registering lot information very quickly. very comfortable with new technologies, has had familiarize himself with the services and functionalities domraider's drop catching business. his team spirit and people skills means that sees customer service not just department but attitude which always focuses customer satisfaction. kathleen durand account manager after studying applied foreign languages, her entrepreneurial spirit incited her create her own company. she then worked for the family business developing and managing customer service and vocational training. few years later, she took new challenge and joined the domraider adventure. with her sparkling personality and permanent smile her lips, kathleen passionate about her work: exchanging with customers, advising them, supporting them explaining them the website's latest news. she loves share the customer experience with the technical team order develop the best solution for customers. armel sadon account manager for long time made use his talents the tourism sector, and this why believes quality service and results. manager recognized for his human qualities, has worked for number companies and obtained excellent results. armel demanding ensuring that domraider serves its customers best possible, and particularly demanding himself. gianandrea pozzi country business developer polyglot, has lived international environment from his earliest childhood. moved france study university and obtained master's degree management and international trade. has also worked for two large multinationals. bolstered this experience, joined the domraider team order develop its italian business. advisors laurent leloup, serial blockchain entrepreneur after -year career corporate finance, laurent founded finyear (media events finance innovation) then blockchain daily news (media events blockchains distributed ledgers) founded chaineum sas (ico advise blockchain strategy), blockness sas (blockchain consulting), the beachain (blockchain oriented objects) project and france blocktech (blockchain ecosystem organization). launched the blockchain valley (blockchain campus startup incubator) project, co-founded the voxchain (social choice and universal proof-of-stake algorithm for blockchains) project with voxcracyet and wrote [blockchain, the trust revolution](eyrolles, february new book [trustnomics, how trust going change the world] will published eyrolles february also keynote speaker (blockchain technology ecosystems), participates various blockchain working groups (afnor, fntc, dlt task force, futurict france strategie, etc.), dlt (distributed ledger technology) expert consultant for the french tax collection agency and the legal high committee for financial markets paris (hcjp) and honorary member cercle turgot, french financial think tank. eddy travia, pionner investor blockchain ceo and co-founder coinsilium co-founder block chain space eddy travia pioneer investor blockchain technology startups and the ceo coinsilium, london-based investment company that finances and manages the development early-stage blockchain technology ventures. coinsilium shares are quoted nex exchange london (nex: coin). july eddy co-founded seedcoin, the world's first global incubator bitcoin startups and, may named among the 'top three most influential investors' the blockchain awards along with marc andreessen and roger ver. eddy has led early-stage investments blockchain companies around the world, including factom, rsk, satoshipay, coindash and indorse. early believer the impact blockchain technologies, eddy delivers keynote speeches around the world, advises corporates, and helps blockchain entrepreneurs fund and grow their ventures. https://uk.linkedin.com/in/startupeddy https://www.facebook.com/startupeddy/ https://twitter.com/startupeddy william mougayar, author the business blockchain former advisor board member, ethereum foundation long time industry insider, william mougayar prolific researcher, writer and theorist who has been described the most sophisticated blockchain business thinker. his views and insights are well respected worldwide. william direct participant the crypto-technology market, working alongside startups, entrepreneurs, pioneers, leaders, innovators, creators, enterprise executives and practitioners; addition being investor, advisor, and board member some the leading organizations this space. william the general partner virtual capital ventures, early stage venture capital fund, and currently the board directors ob, the openbazaar open source protocol that pioneering decentralized peer-to-peer commerce, board advisor the ethereum foundation, member omers ventures board advisors, advisory board member the coin center and bloq, and founder startup management. previously, held senior level positions hewlett-packard, cognizant and aberdeen group, and founded startups, cybermanagement, eqentia, and engagio. william graduate the university washington, the university western ontario ivey school business, and attended the university british columbia graduate commerce school. contact: wmougayar@gmail.com twitter: @wmougayar blog: http://startupmanagement.org/blog/ book site: http://thebusinessblockchain.com/ dominik zynis, wings cofounder dominik leads the public relations and communications effort for the wings foundation, swiss non-profit focused decentralized finance and governance systems. previously, worked with omni (mastercoinffoundation) head communications and business development. prior his focus decentralized systems dominik was responsible for channel sales emeter (siemens), and sales oracle. was co-founder and chief evangelist state software which marketed the first json libraries. dominik has b.a. (economics) from middlebury college, and unfinished msc (industrial management) from the blekinge institute technology. driven the idea that access markets and financial inclusion are corner-stone democracy. fabrice croiseaux ceo intech chairman the board directors infrachain graduate the prestigious centrale lyon engineering school and the hec business school, fabrice croiseaux the ceo intech, subsidiary post luxembourg specializing information systems and specific development consulting. passionate about digital culture and innovation, advices his customers how use emerging technologies create breakthrough innovations. the facilitator the blockchain working group the federation trusted third parties (fntc) and the chairman the infrachain board directors luxembourg. with intech, fabrice has participated several large-scale blockchain technology projects france and luxembourg, including fundsdlt which executed the first true purchase financial assets using blockchain technology. richard kastelein, publisher and founder the blockchain news partner cryptoassets design group director blockchain partners founder blockchain news, partner cryptoasset design group, director blockchain partners and event founder cryptofinancing richard kastelein award-winning publisher, innovation executive and entrepreneur. he's written over articles blockchain technology and startups blockchain news and has also published pioneering articles icos harvard business review and venturebeat. kastelein has spoken (keynotes panels) blockchain amsterdam, antwerp, barcelona, beijing, brussels, bucharest, dubai, eindhoven, gdansk, groningen, the hague, helsinki, london, manchester, minsk, nairobi, nanchang, san mateo, shanghai, and tel aviv. canadian (dutch/irish/english/metis) whose writing career has ranged from the canadian native press (arctic) the caribbean europe. he's written occasionally for harvard business review, wired insights, guardian and virgin.com and his work and ideas have been translated into dutch, greek, polish, german and french. his sailed around the world small yachts and wrote, and hasn't looked back since. jeremy was history major johns hopkins, skill which wholeheartedly believes prepared him for the marketing profession. far, the toughest and most rewarding job has kind, thoughtful, and sensitive husband his wife years and patient father kids the precipice being teenagers. you can connect with him linkedin twitter. simon polrot, legal advisor lawyer fieldfisher, blockchain specialist, ethereum france co-founder simon polrot senior associate the tax team the paris office, mainly focusing corporate and international tax. simon also leading expert blockchain and key contact the firm for all related topics. advises its legal implications and potential impact not just the financial sector but also real estate, energy, healthcare and beyond. simon has assisted clients issues such the legal status and tax regime cryptocurrencies and crypto-assets amid financial regulations; initial coin offering (ico); opposability inscriptions and rule evidence using blockchain technology and smart-contract use-cases (agreements, daos, dapps, etc). regularly quoted blockchain the french national press, notably les echos and tribune, and specialist technology publications. within the blockchain community, founder the information website ethereum-france. com and co-founder asseth and chaintech. simon holds degree tax law from the paris-i sorbonne university and was admitted the paris bar before joining the firm, worked for three years the international tax department big four. hubert vauplane, legal advisor partner kramer-levin (financial and banking law, alternative financing, asset management, digital payment), former group general counsel, legal and compliance, credit agricole bank partner american law firm, hubert vauplane has worked for more than years the banking and financial sector, both counsel and trader. before becoming member the paris bar september was the legal manager the financing and investment business bnp paribas, then the legal and compliance manager credit agricole. was professor the university pantheon assas for years, and today teaches the sciences paris law school. has been expert for the amf [the french financial markets regulator], the european commission, the bank england and the european central bank. regular writer for the banque journal, also co-authored with jean-pierre bornet the traite droit des marches financiers which, was awarded prize the french academy moral and political sciences. vidal chriqui, blockchain technical expert vidal chriqui big data (hadoop) and distributed systems technical expert which led him become interested very early decentralized networks, and particular bitcoin, then ethereum. launched the first free french-speaking web series hours exclusive lessons and interviews) called blockchain revolution. vidal has participated lot 'blockchain' experiments with both large corporations and startups and has developed expertise micropayment channels. regularly speaks public conferences order evangelize bitcoin and more generally open distributed registry protocols. finally, vidal passionate about the innovation and development mechanisms startups. this what pushed him teach himself and broaden his knowledge the lean startup methodology order coach startup companies both france and abroad. you can follow his news on: https://twitter.com/vidal https://fr.linkedin.com/in/vidal-chriqui https://www.slideshare.net/vchriqui/presentations nicolas courtois, cryptologist, senior lecturor university college london nicolas courtois senior lecturer university college london where teaches about applied cryptography and cryptanalysis ga. his research focuses the security analysis cryptographic systems with particular focus realistic attack scenarios and systems used millions users every day. his google scholar profile lists more than papers with citations cryptography and his h-index university team lead nicolas courtois was given the university cipher champion march founding member the group code-breakers linkedin. member editorial board cryptologia. previously was crypto research engineer gemalto, the world's largest manufacturer smart cards and secure hardware. has filed more than patents practical applications cryptography. expert security engineering, electronic payment and crypto currency. https://blog.bettercrypto.com sebastien bourguignon, sebastien bourguignon est manager sein d'un cabinet conseil est expert numerique blockchain. passionne par digital, l'innovation les startups, cree blog pour partager l'actualite autour ces thematiques developpe projet #portraitdestartuper dans lequel fait intervenir des startupers qui presentent leur retour d'experience dans leur aventure entrepreneuriale. auteur livre blanc livre publie aux editions maxima, publie regulierement nombreux articles sur des plateformes comme cercle les echos, siecle digital encore journal net. http://sebastienbourguignon.com https://www.linkedin.com/in/sebastienbourguignon/ https://twitter.com/sebbourguignon brad yasar, co-founder managing partner brad entrepreneur, investor, mentor, and advisor who has started and bootstrapped several companies from inception maturity over the past years. currently, brad the co-founder and managing partner krowdmentor, strategic crowdfunding advisory firm focusing icos, cryptocurrencies, blockchain, and token powered organizations. previously, the co-founder and coo crowdfundx, brad ran all campaign delivery operations for more than dozen successful equity crowdfunding campaigns, which received over million reservations resulting million raised from over investors months. brad also serves board member yasar corporation where mentored, advised and invested more than companies. passionate about where the worlds technology and marketing collide, brad frequently invited speak events related entrepreneurship, angel investing and business strategy. most recently, presented global crowdfunding convention, digital hollywood, and itu gate accelerator program. big believer coaching younger generations entrepreneurs, brad serves mentor for the pepperdine university alumni association. brad holds bachelor arts degree economics and bachelor science degree international business management from pepperdine university (malibu, california) and bachelor science degree applied sciences math from academie grenoble (france). his charitable efforts focus goodwill industries, the county museum art, the los angeles philharmonic and st. jude children's research hospital, name few.born turkey brad lived and traveled throughout europe; england, france, and greece name few and migrated the united states brad fluent english, french, turkish and has basic knowledge german, spanish, and klingon. brad currently lives los angeles with his wife, nadine, and son, max. "i'm all about empowering people. team members. our clients. you name it. it's job clear path for success." mike costache, co-founder managing partner mike never liked being put box spent the last years entrepreneur, investment banker, author, professor, speaker, angel investor and fundraiser for various charities. currently, mike managing partner krowdmentor, strategic investment and advisory firm empowering blockchain startups, funds and entrepreneurs reach their funding and liquidity goals. mike also the founder the blockchain investors consortium (bic) and serves the advisory board token-as-a-service (taas), the first ever tokenized closedend fund dedicated investments blockchain assets. since mike member tech coast angels (tca), network angel investors southern california who have invested million deals and raised over billion from vcs. from mike was the president leo leo, which represented brands such maserati, segway, netjets, privatsea, sunseeker yachts, netsuite, marsh, orgil greenhouses, miss universe, and rockstar energy drink. total sales amounted eur million. from mike served founding ceo pioneer telecare, e-commerce firm with total revenues million. from mike was associate westpark capital, the interlink group, millennium capital partners, all la-based i-banks. mike holds degree economics from pepperdine university (malibu, california), certificate negotiations, arbitration, and mediation from pepperdine's school law and has completed the program negotiations for senior executives harvard. born romania mike migrated israel and the united states. mike fluent english, hebrew, romanian and has basic knowledge french. mike was featured usa today, wall street journal, inc., entrepreneur, cctv, business week, men's health, top gear and numerous other media outlets. eric gu, founder and ceo metaverse chairman metaverse foundation vice president shanghai informatization association domraider hyper growth startup. are specialized drop-catching, technique developed catch expired domain names. let share few numbers with you: our team has tripled one year this spread over countries, soon expanding we've carried out more than transactions, building impressive customer base are accredited international registries for extensions secured funding our business auction based and today, would like introduce the domraider network. it's open source blockchain for decentralized real-time auctionsthe blockchain will transparent, reliable, scalable and interoperable without compromising speed. the domraider network will the core complete new auctioning ecosystem. this network will provide innovative solution for all worldwide auctioning players. live auctioneers, escrow, appraisal experts, delivery services, online auctions providers and mobile apps developers... will all able join the network, provide their services and add value the blockchain. for several months now, new kinds public offerings have been appeared. they carry out fundraising the form cryptocurrency, like bitcoin ether. they are called initial coin offering, referring ipo (initial public offering). these operations are method rapid financing for entrepreneurs the world blockchain. they allow them test their project/ ideas community experts. these fundraisings are attracting more and more investors search financial gains, without always understanding the technological specifities the project. our partners financial considerations underlying assumptions this financial forecast impact the ico our business activity (turnover): token sales (ico): sales tokens ,eur token, averaging agreed average discount percentage that is, overall sale value ,,eur token sales (stock): sale tokens over months, that is, spread twice the length that permitted. the overall sale value the tokens ,,eur nb: this does not take into account sales commissions resulting from third party use our "blockchain auctions" solution. additional expenses: expenses associated with setting the ico: ,,eur for the total amount all expenses associated with setting this operation (principally marketing/communication/press relation expenses) ,eur for commissions intermediaries buyback program: ,eur per month from november development our community (promotions, bounty, incentives, partnerships, etc.): ,eur per month from november other expenses and products: risk provision (exchange illiquidity risks) the sum ,,eur that overall sales reversal these provisions over the years following the sale per year (,,eur year). investments: acquisition lbo company (april financial operation: purchase price and expenses: ,,eur lbo with capital contribution (that ,,eur) and bank financing (,,eur) means year loan .%/year target activity: turnover: ,,eur gross profit: annual turnover growth development our "blockchain auction" solution (intangible assets amortized over years): ,eur per month during the year ,eur per month during the year ,eur per month from the year these developments are likely lead tax reductions (research tax credit) increased activity (capitalized production) well appreciably improve the company's accounting position. precaution, these elements have not been taken into account the attached forecasts. balance balance sheetsheet assets assets heading subscribed capital fixed asset intangible assets tangible assets financial assets total fixed asset current assets inventories and works-in-progress provider advances and prepayments client receivables other receivables total current assets total assets transferable securities liquid assets prepaid expenses deferred charges balance balance sheetsheet liabilities liabilities heading equity share capital reserves retained earnings total equity provisions for risks and charges borrowings current accounts provider debts tax and social debts fixed asset debts result for the financial year investment subsidy debts bank borrowings received client advances and prepayments other debts deferred income conversion differences total debts total liabilities all figures are expressed eur interim management balances interim management balances heading production for the accounting year turnover production margin total margin sales goods purchase cost goods sold sales margin sold production stored production capitalized production purchase cost raw materials consumables external services surplus value operating subsidies taxes, duties and similar payments personnel expenses gross operating surplus depreciation write-backs other operating revenue other operating expenses depreciation allowances and provisions financial result current income operating income financial products financial expenses extraordinary income extraordinary expenses extraordinary result pretax result employee participation corporate tax result for the financial year self-financing capacity all figures are expressed eur detailed interim management balances detailed interim management balances heading sales goods purchase cost goods sold sales margin sold production .fr .be .nl .eu .de .at .se .cz .pl .ch .uk .it .ru .br .au .pt .es .in .me .ar .ca .cn .xyz .biz .net .org .info .com recurring revenue token sales (ico) token sales (stock) sup (acquisition lbo) stored production capitalized production production for the accounting year all figures are expressed eur heading production for the accounting year turnover purchase cost raw materials .fr .be .nl .eu .de .at .se .cz .pl .ch .uk .it .pt .es .in .me .ru .br .au .ar .cn .xyz .biz .net .org .ca .com .info recurring revenue supplementary turnover (lbo acquisition) sub-contracting production margin total margin consumables maintenance products consumables light and water all figures are expressed eur heading maintenance and small equipment administration supplies other materials and supplies property rentals overseas property rentals rental and co-property charges insurance premiums studies and research external services documentation publicity marketing pub mkg launch payments and fees for intermediaries travel and transportation entertainment postage costs telecommunications banking services consultancy and services (extra cost usa) various external services vie cci and coaching services accreditations qualification costs ico costs introducer fees token buy back community development loan insurance bpi (innovation support) bpi (eif innovation loan) apprenticeship tax vocational training effort construction surplus value operating subsidies taxes, duties and similar payments taxes and duties organic real estate tax ifa personnel expenses all figures are expressed eur heading gross salaries corporate staff (headquarters) international staff (headquarters) corporate staff (headquarters) international staff (headquarters) sales (extra cost us) gross operation surplus sales (extra cost us) social security contributions depreciation write-backs provisions provision reversals charge transfers other operating products other operating charges depreciation charges and provisions depreciation charges intangible assets icann accreditation icann accreditation icann accreditation icann accreditation public blockchain auction public blockchain auction public blockchain auction public blockchain auction tangible assets vie office materials vie office materials vie office materials vie office materials vie office materials vie office materials vie office materials vie office materials (refurb) vie office materials (refurb) vie office materials (refurb) office materials (refurb) office materials (refurb) office materials (refurb) office materials (refurb) office materials (hq) all figures are expressed eur heading office materials (hq) office materials (hq) office materials (hq) office materials (hq) office materials (hq) intangible assets production tangible assets production operating income financial products financial charges bpi guarantee reduction (parts and current account interest loans financial result current income extraordinary products exchange illiquidity risk extraordinary costs reversals provisions exchange illiquidity risk extraordinary income pretax income employee participation corporate tax result for the financial year self-financing ability all figures are expressed eur turnover distribution (gis compared) sales goods sales goods and production all figures are expressed eur sold production profit and loss account profit and loss account heading sales, trade and production purchases consumed global margin turnover intermediate consumption consumables external services sub-contracting surplus value operating subsidies taxes and duties financial result current income personnel expenses gross operating surplus reversals provisions and transfer charges other products other charges depreciation allowances depreciation provisions operating income financial products financial expenses extraordinary products extraordinary expenses extraordinary income employee participation corporate tax result for the financial year self-financing ability all figures are expressed eur result analysis gos (gross operating surplus) turnover operating income result for the financial year working capital requirements working capital requirements heading requirements product stock raw material stock production advances and prepayments client receivables other receivables provider debts tax and social debts other debts accruals total requirements resources advances and prepayments received deferred income total resources working requirements wcr variation all figures are expressed eur capital operating cycle total requirements total resources working capital requirements financing financing table table heading resources capital current accounts premiums and subsidies financial debts profit-share reserves asset disposals disposal marketable securities self-financing ability total resources employment acquisition intangible assets acquisition tangible assets acquisition financial assets acquisitions marketable securities deferred charges loan repayments current account repayments profit-share release distributed dividends operator deductions total employment working capital requirements variation all figures are expressed eur financial financial plan plan heading requirements intangible assets acquisitions tangible assets acquisitions financial assets acquisitions marketable assets acquisitions working capital requirements variation loan repayments (capital share) current account repayments distributed dividends operator deductions profit-share release deferred charges total requirements resources self-financing ability disposal fixed assets marketable securities increase capital increase current account increase investment subsidies financial debt increase profit-share reserve total funds annual shortfall requirements cumulative shortfall requirements resources resources end year cash position self-financing ability result self-financing ability result heading result for the financial year operation depreciation charges and provisions reversals provisions financial depreciation provisions reversals provisions extraordinary depreciation provisions reversals provisions subsidies attached expenses fixed asset transfers fixed assets net book value self-financing ability all figures are expressed eur self-financing ability analysis result for financial year all figures are expressed eur self-financing ability investment tables investment tables gross value opening intangible assets increase reduction public blockchain auction gross value closing tangible assets vie office materials vie office materials vie office materials office materials (hq) office materials (hq) office materials (hq) financial assets total intangible assets gross value opening increase icann accreditation public blockchain auction tangible assets vie office materials vie office materials vie office materials office materials (refurb) office materials (hq) intangible assets gross value opening augment. public blockchain auction vie office materials (refurb) office materials (refurb) office materials (hq) all figures are expressed eur icann accreditation tangible assets external growth gross value closing financial assets total reduction vie office materials office materials (hq) diminut. gross value closing financial assets total intangible assets gross value opening augment. icann accreditation public blockchain auction tangible assets intangible assets gross value opening augment. gross value closing diminut. office materials (refurb) total vie office materials (refurb) financial assets icann accreditation tangible assets office materials (refurb) total gross value closing diminut. vie office materials (refurb) financial assets break-even point break-even point heading purchase cost raw materials variable external expenses turnover variable expenses purchase cost goods sold other variable expenses variable personnel expenses variable cost margin fixed expenses break-even point levy index break-even point (in days) safety index operating leverage safety margin all figures are expressed eur eur jan janv mars mar mai may juil jul sept sep nov nov janv jan mar mars may mai juil jul sep sept nov nov jan janv mars mar mai may juil jul sept sep nov nov jan janv mar mars mai may juil jul sept sep nov nov jan janv mars mar may mai juil jul sep sept nov nov financial management eur eur eur eur eur eur eur eur ico inspired the principles ipo domraider french societe par actions simplifiees (simplified joint stock company) registered france since the company's annual accounts are audited kpmg, its statutory auditor. the operation's regulatory compliance therefore key aspect the company. for this groundbreaking operation, domraider's adopted principle has been follow closely possible the methods used for ipos order put place similar those already used the stock market. maitre hubert vauplane, partner kramer levin naftalis frankel, and maitre simon polrot the fieldfisher law firm, also co-founder ethereum france, counsel domraider their capacity experts the legal, regulatory and tax issues relating blockchains. while this does not involve the sale securities financial instruments, the documentation embraces the principles stock market regulations order ensure that subscribers understand the risks associated with this operation, required said stock market regulations. informal contacts have also been made with certain french regulators present them with the operation. major operation internationnal investors have indicated their desire participate the operation before the pre-sale phase dedicated key accounts people are mobilized carry out the domraider ico, half whom work directly domraider headquarters nationalities are represented our team order ensure the operation's translation together with full business and community relations many languages supporters from the international community and the domraider client network are expected participate budget that includes large-scale media and press plan general terms and conditions sale these general terms and conditions sale (>) are entered into between the company domraider, allee alan turing, clermont-ferrand, france, with share capital eur registered the clermont-ferrand trade and companies register under number (represented its chairman, sarl inovaa (itself represented its manager, mr. tristan colombet) duly authorized for the purposes herein, hereafter referred and the natural legal person purchasing the company's products services, hereafter referred the these gtc apply fully and automatically all the products and services offered for sale domraider part the commercial operation entitled (the towards its clients. these terms and conditions not apply other products and services marketed domraider, concerning domain name reservations particular. please refer the specific terms and conditions for each product, available the corresponding website these terms and conditions form the basis for the sales negotiation. they prevail over all other documents issued either the client (e.g. gpc, charters, etc.), domraider (e.g. correspondence) and, from their date entry into force, shall apply all purchases, including outstanding orders, and are deemed unconditionally accepted the client the conclusion order. any derogation from the gtc herewith will require the express agreement both parties. any other document (e.g. sales prospectus, quotation, presentation, etc.) therefore given for information only and shall not constitute contract document that commits the liability domraider, which may therefore withdraw modify such documents, without entitling the client any compensation. these points are key factor for domraider's consent. the gtc form contract between the client and domraider for the purposes the commercial operation. clicking the client accepts and acknowledges that they are entering into binding contract with domraider and agrees abide it. accept the general terms and conditions sale, click website all the details the commercial operation are available the website https://www.domraider.io/ domraider reserves the right, with prior notice, to: modify, add delete any content the website excluding any binding contract items between domraider and the client. the client will deemed have accepted these modifications soon they visit and use the website following publication said modifications. block, limit restrict access the website, whole part, temporarily permanently. domraider may not held liable for the website being unavailable difficult connect to, regardless the consequences for the client. tokens tokens role and attributes the commercial operation covered herewith involves the sale virtual tokens, referred (>). these tokens will allow their owners access the domraider auction network, once this has been designed, developed and deployed. under circumstances may drts used method payment exchange for other services offered domraider. the company solely responsible for deciding whether provide the auction service token owners, within the technical, legal, economic other constraints imposed third parties the company itself its operations. the clients' attention therefore drawn the fact that purchasing tokens does not confer automatic access the auction service. drts may not used before the effective creation the domraider auction service. drts will not reimbursed the event that the domraider auction service not ultimately developed, does not operate permanent basis. drt owners acknowledge that this significant risk that they accept. the token owner the person eligible perform cryptographic transaction, subject approval the ethereum network. the buyer accepts and acknowledges that these tokens not entitle their owners: participate any decision vote within the company benefit from the company's results; derive any economic other gain from the company. the client therefore acknowledges that they are fully aware both that the tokens are way associated with ownership rights, voting rights dividend rights, and that they not constitute shares domraider any other comparable asset. issuing tokens concluding the commercial operation, these tokens will issued technical process referred this open source protocol over which the company has rights liability terms its development and operation. the token distribution mechanism will controlled smart contract; this involves computer program that can executed the ethereum network blockchain network that compatible with smart contract programming language. the tokens will meet the 'erc' standard (https://theethereum.wiki/w/index.php/erc_token_standard), and will subject, inter alia, the operating conditions the internet computer network and the blockchain protocol. the company has control, right liability over the operation the protocol and the ethereum network. the tokens will issued the company third party with the company's authorization. instructions will posted the commercial operation website https://www.domraider.io. the company has control over and may not take any action against blockchain technology, the ethereum network and the protocol, the smart contract and its code performance mode. therefore, domraider may not held liable any way for any feature that might affect the token passing scheme ownership the tokens sold, that might hamper the client's ability use the tokens, including display the tokens electronic wallet compatible with the erc token standard, the assignment these tokens third party. the acquisition tokens transferring tokens crypto-currencies the smart contract comes under the buyer's sole liability and will subject the terms and conditions the protocol and the ethereum network. tokens are issued under smart contract, the company not obliged reimburse compensate any way any buyer whose tokens have not been issued the smart contract for any reason. once issued, the tokens may freely assigned transferred third parties the client, whole part, their own initiative, return for payment free charge. however, the client shall solely and fully liable for the conditions and consequences such assignment transfer the tokens their possession. particular, given that domraider will have control over such transactions, the client may not claim against domraider for any loss their tokens due any error any kind that may occur during the transfer. information and knowledge the subject the client adhering the gtc, the client expressly acknowledges having been thoroughly and comprehensively informed about the commercial operation. the client deemed fully aware all the legal norms and technical constraints relating the purchase, possession and use crypto currencies and tokens based blockchain technologies, and the auction service offered domraider. the client agrees notify domraider full concerning any information likely impact their order directly indirectly. should the client fail this, domraider may not held liable any way this regard. order any order relating the services marketed the domraider website and accepted domraider (the >). deemed irrevocably accepted the client from the time domraider issues the order's acknowledgment receipt; from this date, may not cancelled amended without domraider's express agreement, the latter being entitled decide not proceed without entitling the client any compensation. domraider also reserves the right rectify any clerical error omission the contract documents binding the client without entitling the client any compensation. obligations binding upon domraider: domraider agrees take all the necessary care and diligence provide quality service accordance with current business practice and state the art. domraider solely bound obligation means. particular, will not possible use drts development the domraider auction network not implemented. such case, the drt value would most likely equal zero. client eligibility and liability with the domain name reservation services offered domraider, the sale tokens under this commercial operation reserved for experienced professionals who have in-depth understanding the nature the product they are purchasing, firm grasp the technologies which they are based, and who are fully aware all the associated risks. clients seeking buy tokens are deemed acting for the purposes professional business activity and not consumer; the client solely liable for determining which legal, accounting, financial and fiscal conditions any nature required comply with order participate the commercial operation, accordance with the laws and regulations applicable their country residence. domraider may not held liable for the client's filing obligations the country which domiciled. the same applies any tax charge that would payable the client, relation the purchase, ownership, use passing its tokens. limitations use prior any order, the client acknowledges and accepts that tokens sold domraider not, under any circumstance, represent any form investment financial investment and agrees not attempt divert their function for speculative purposes. the client also agrees not use the ico website, the issued tokens and, more generally, any content service provided the client domraider that does not comply with the objectives and methods set out these gtc. particular, the client agrees not modify, interfere with, deactivate saturate, nor breach the security impair data integrity and confidentiality relation any service offered domraider. the client agrees respond any specific request for information issued domraider under the application these terms and conditions. cancellation and refund all token orders are deemed firm and final. order confirmed the domraider website may subsequently canceled the client's request. the client acknowledges that they are fully aware that they will not entitled claim any full partial reimbursement under any circumstances whatsoever. the sale the proposed tokens strictly reserved for experienced professional clientele, the client may not claim any right return against domraider. guarantee claim may suspend payment the order. the tokens offered for sale are deemed intangible property, having value functionality other than the domraider service credit that they represent, guarantee attached them following delivery. although ownership the tokens depends smooth operation the ethereum network, domraider, which has control over said operation, may not, under any circumstances, held liable for any failure said network that could result the client losing being unable use the tokens. software risks certain platform items and features are currently under development. accordingly, the client accepts that the development not guaranteed succeed, that the platform subject software and technical risks and that said items and features may never deployed the platform. validity tokens the tokens' period validity, during which they can used, not time-dependent. however, domraider reserves the right set limit later date should this prove necessary. such case, the announcement would made the domraider website, together with email all the clients who participated the ico. minimum period months would granted token holders order enable them use their remaining credit. tokens cannot deleted due both their strictly decentralized nature and the fact that, once issued, they are longer under domraider's control. they would, any case, remain the property their owner. the other hand, expiration the period validity, they would simply longer accepted domraider. any tokens not exchanged domraider this date would simply more value. incidents, late payments, penalty clause the client prohibited from any illegal practice automatic debit credit, here assumed correspond non-payment late payment. however, the parties reserve the right seek legal contractual compensation for claims. any delay payment will automatically result the application flat-rate eur fee from the date following the invoice's due date; this fee will supplement late penalties, including the application interest rate arrears equal the rate applied the ecb its most recent refinancing operation plus percentage points, with domraider being entitled automatically demand full and immediate payment the order, all amounts owed domraider becoming payable immediately with prejudice the application the other clauses herein, while any discounts that may have been granted will canceled and the full cost the debt collection procedure charged the defaulting client. domraider also reserves the right suspend cancel any order relating said defaulting client, and accept subsequent orders only payment made advance. should the client breach any one its obligations, and should formal notice issued means registered mail remain unsuccessful for clear days after dispatch, then, under penalty clause, the client will required pay flat-rate compensation equal one third the total order amount, with prejudice the application the other clauses accepted herein. client liabilities the client acknowledges that they are solely liable for storage and use the purchased tokens under normal conditions use, and accordance both with current legislation the time and place use and with their profession's code conduct, which they declare they are fully aware of. accordingly, they shall deemed personally liable for any damaging consequences arising from the abnormal, noncompliant unforeseeable storage, transfer use said tokens. the client also acknowledges that they have received all the necessary details from domraider the information and data they have communicated and are therefore solely liable for the ordered tokens' suitability terms their specific planned use. the client agrees send domraider their correct and updated payment and personal details the time creating their client account and each time they may modify the said account. domraider reserves the right request supporting documents from the client ensure the accuracy the details they have supplied. the client will solely and exclusively liable for the logins required sign into the domraider website. domraider shall not held liable for any illegal fraudulent use the client's login. the provision logins deemed confidential. any suspicion intentional unintentional disclosure the login shall engage the client's sole liability, excluding that the company. the client will assume full responsibility for the consequences any theft misuse tokens acquired result any use the members its staff any person whom the client has provided their login(s). similarly, the client will assume full responsibility for the consequences the loss the above-mentioned login(s). domraider disclaimer the client expressly acknowledges the random nature the domraider auction network development project presented this document (see below for risk factors) and that this project, therefore, may not come fruition may have abandoned due technical constraints, without the drt tokens being used. such case, the client expressly acknowledges and accepts essential condition the gtc that will not entitled sue bring any direct indirect legal action before the courts, the arbitration bodies any alternative dispute settlement body, either france abroad, against domraider, its directors, shareholders, employees and subcontractors the event the non-performance, non-deployment nonimplementation the domraider auction network, even cases where their drts have lost some all their value. addition, domraider may not held liable for any the following: (a) use services that are not compliant with the terms the contract; (b) non-performance, failure, malfunction unavailability the services due third party, the client, third-party product, the client's breach its obligations; (c) indirect damages such business loss disturbance, loss orders, operating loss, infringement the trade mark, loss profits clients (e.g. improper disclosure confidential information concerning said clients due failure piracy the system, third-party proceedings against the client, etc.) (d) loss, disclosure unlawful fraudulent use user sign-ons the client third parties; (e) suspension access temporary permanent suspension services (in particular, arising from request issued appropriate administrative judicial authority, notification received from third-party; (f) loss, alteration destruction all part the content (information, data, applications, files other items) hosted the infrastructure, insofar domraider not responsible for managing the continuity client activities, and data backups particular; (g) mismatch between the services and the client's needs (in particular, with regard the sensitivity the relevant data), (h) security incidents relating use the internet, concerning particular the loss, alteration, destruction, disclosure unauthorized access the client's data details via the internet; (i) damage systems, applications and other items installed the client the infrastructure title retention clause domraider retains full ownership the ordered tokens full and effective payment the price agreed with the client, including the principal and other charges, any contrary clause being deemed unwritten. such, domraider will entitled claim them compensation for any unpaid invoices with prejudice its right rescind any sales progress, with the client also agreeing immediately notify domraider any third-party development that would infringe domraider's right ownership. should the tokens resold before payment complete, the sale between domraider and the client will automatically rescinded and the assets transferred deemed have been sold behalf domraider. the enforcement domraider's right claim carried out without prejudice any other legal and/or contractual damages rights (e.g. compulsory execution cancellation the contract) and made simple registered letter sent the client. should domraider decide cancel the sale, the client will required pay lump sum equal the total contract amount (principal and other charges), with domraider retaining all the amounts has already collected. intellectual property, reference the client acknowledges that domraider retains sole and exclusive ownership all intellectual, industrial and expertise rights relating tokens, documents, data, etc. the technical and technological resources and expertise used design both domraider tokens, and documents any nature, shall remain the exclusive property domraider regardless whether they are protected under intellectual property clause. therefore, any document, listing, database, etc., its entirety, given the client return for payment free charge solely loan for use that exclusively enables them make their order, under not separate availability and/or non-disclosure agreement that forms integral part these gtc, and may not used the client for any other purpose without incurring their liability. cancellation should the client fail comply with any one these clauses, domraider may cancel the sale automatically full days after sending simple notice that has remained unsuccessful, the said cancellation being performed with prejudice the other clauses herein. domraider will entitled declare uphold the cancellation thus incurred despite any offers pay and execute obligations that are made subsequent the cancellation, any payment execution obligations made after the allotted deadline. contract completeness, waiver, interpretation should any the clauses these gtc declared null and void deemed unwritten, all other clauses shall remain full force and effect. domraider's decision not avail itself any one these clauses shall not construed waiver its right apply the same clause later date. the interpretation and assessment the validity any contract understood accordance with the following documents, descending order the hierarchy norms: gtc, order acknowledgment receipt, invoice, and delivery notification. force majeure force majeure deemed any event beyond the parties' control, which they cannot reasonably foresee reasonably avoid overcome, provided that its occurrence makes impossible fulfill the obligations, and adversely affects order execution contract balance (e.g. natural cataclysm, substantial change the price resources, variation customs duties, armed conflicts, labor disputes, changes regulations, subcontractor failure, machine breakdown, etc.). the most diligent party shall promptly notify the other party any means, and the parties will then agree negotiate good faith any changes required ensure the continuity contract obligations. if, however, such impossibility exceeds three months, the most diligent party may terminate the contract writing without incurring its liability and without entitling the other party claim any right recourse compensation, with domraider retaining previously collected amounts, which are irrevocably acquired. protection personal data the processing personal data performed under the service has been declared france the national commission for data protection and liberties under ndeg accordance with article french law ndeg january relating information technology, files and civil liberties, domraider, which responsible for processing the said data, will inform the client that processing their personal data. the details entered the client the forms available the website are intended for authorized domraider personnel for administrative and business management purposes. these data are processed, firstly, allow clients access and use the service and domraider execute the service, and secondly, prospect for new clients. data marked with asterisk are mandatory. failure enter such data may delay enrollment the use the service. the client agrees and authorizes domraider share its personal data with other clients well with any trusted third party for the sole purposes the service. the client entitled access, question, modify, rectify and delete their own personal data. the client also entitled object the processing their personal data for legitimate reasons, well object the use such data for the purposes prospecting activities. exercise their rights, the client shall notify their request domraider, attaching copy their signed document. the client shall comply with the provisions french law ndeg january relating information technology, files and civil liberties, amended, any breach which deemed criminal offence. particular, they shall not collect misuse data and, general, perform any act likely infringe the privacy reputation individuals. legislative developments the client acknowledges and accepts that the domraider ico operation taking place within french legal environment that still under development. new laws rules may subsequently frame, modify clarify the practice such operations. where necessary, should legislative changes conflict with all part these terms and conditions, domraider reserves the right amend the terms the operation appropriate, retroactively necessary, order ensure that the operation remains legal and compliant with the various french regulatory bodies. domraider will respond any request issued via regular legal process aimed obtaining specific information about the operation its clients, particularly terms the fight against money laundering. language, jurisdiction these gtc and any contract relationship relating the products and services sold domraider are governed exclusively french law, domraider's commitment being subject this clause. translations the terms and conditions herein, made available the client, are purely informative and are not legally binding. the french version these terms and conditions has sole legal force. the parties agree seek amicable settlement prior bringing any legal action. failing this, any dispute, any nature whatsoever, will brought expressly before the court with jurisdiction over domraider's registered headquarters, document can effect novation waiver this jurisdiction clause. general warning this document does not constitute offer invitation sell shares, securities rights belonging domraider any related associated company. none the information analyses described this document intended provide basis for investment decision, and specific investment recommendation made. accordingly, this document does not constitute investment advice invitation invest any security financial instrument any nature whatsoever. this document does not constitute form part of, and should not construed as, offer for sale subscription, invitation buy subscribe securities financial instruments. this document, any its component parts, does not constitute the basis for, should not used basis for, connection with, contract for the sale securities financial instruments commitment sell securities financial instruments any kind. domraider expressly disclaims any liability for any direct indirect loss damage any kind arising directly indirectly from: (i) any reliance the information contained this document, (ii) any error, omission inaccuracy said information, (iii) any resulting action that may brought. drt does not represent investment security financial instrument within the meaning directive //eu the european parliament and the council may relating markets financial instruments: drts confer direct indirect right domraider's capital income, nor does confer any governance right within domraider; drt not proof ownership right control control over drt does not grant the controlling individual any asset share domraider, the domraider network. drt does not grant any right participate control over domraider's management decision-making set-up, over the domraider network. drt not electronic currency within the meaning directive //ec the european parliament and the council september the taking up, pursuit and prudential supervision the business electronic money institutions: drts are not accepted outside the domraider network and drt does not have fixed exchange value equal the amount delivered the time its issue; drt not payment service within the meaning directive (//ec) november relating payment services the internal market, nor within the meaning the (eu) directive relating payment services (dsp ndeg the european parliament and the council november the ico does not involve the purchase/sale cryptocurrency and domraider's business does not consist receiving currencies against the delivery cryptocurrencies. domraider token, cryptographic token used the domraider network. drt crypto-currency, i.e. unregulated, digital asset, issued and controlled its developers, and used and accepted the members given community. selling restriction participation the ico reserved for natural legal persons acting within the scope their professional activities. any private individual acting non-professional basis simple consumer within the meaning directive //eu relating consumer rights excluded from the ico. documents linked the issue drts may not transmitted distributed "u.s.person", canadian singapore citizen mail email address the united states america, canada, and singapore. prohibited transmit, distribute reproduce documents linked the issue drts for "u.s. person", canadian singapore citizen, within the territories the united states america, canada and singapore whole part. ensure their eligibility for the purchase drts, the buyer declares that they are not canadian singapore citizen, nor "u.s. person", (within the meaning regulation the securities act u.s. law), i.e.: any private individual resident the united states; any partnership business organized established under u.s. law; any property which the executor administrator u.s. citizen; any trust which proxy american citizen; any agency branch foreign entity located the united states; any non-discretionary account similar account (other than trust property) held trader other trustee for the benefit behalf u.s. citizen; any discretionary account similar account (other than trust trust) held trader other trustee, that organized, established (if private individual) resident the united states; and any partnership company if: organized established under the law foreign jurisdiction; and formed u.s. citizen primarily for the purpose investing securities not listed under the u.s. securities act, unless organized established, and owned, accredited investors who are not private individuals, trusts properties. warnings the risks inherent the ico risk loss access drt due loss credentials until distributed the buyer, the said buyer's drt may linked domraider account. you can only access the domraider account using the credentials selected the buyer. the loss these credentials will result the loss the drt. good practices advise buyers store their credentials securely one more backup locations that are geographically separated from the work location. risks associated with the ethereum protocol both drts and the domraider network are based the ethereum protocol. therefore, any malfunction, unplanned function unexpected operation the ethereum protocol may cause the domraider network drts malfunction operate way that not expected. ether, the native ethereum protocol account unit may itself lose value similar way drts, and also other ways. for more information the ethereum protocol, see http://www.ethereum.org risks associated with the buyer's credentials any third party that obtains access the buyer's credentials private keys may able use the buyer's drt. minimize this risk, buyers must protect themselves against people gaining unauthorized access their electronic devices. legal risk and risk adverse regulatory intervention one more jurisdictions blockchain technologies have been reviewed various regulatory bodies around the world, including within the european union. the ico has been structured comply with law applicable the time the offer. operation the domraider network and drts may impacted the passing restrictive laws, the publication restrictive negative opinions, the issuing injunctions national regulators, the initiation regulatory actions investigations, including but not limited restrictions the use ownership digital tokens such drts, which may prevent limit development the domraider network. given the lack crypto-currency qualifications most countries, each buyer strongly advised carry out legal and tax analysis concerning the purchase and ownership drts according their nationality and place residence. risk alternative, unofficial domraider network following pre-sale and development the original version the drt platform, there possibility that alternative networks may have been established using the same open source code and open source protocol that underlies the domraider network. the official domraider network may find itself competition with these alternative, unofficial networks based drts, which could potentially adversely impact the domraider network and drts. risk lack interest the domraider network distributed applications there possibility that the domraider network may not used large number companies, individuals and other organizations, and that there may limited public interest the creation and development distributed applications. such lack interest could impact the development the domraider network and, therefore, the uses potential value drts. risk that the domraider network, developed, does not meet buyer expectations the domraider network currently under development and may undergo significant redesign prior its launch. for number reasons, not all buyer expectations concerning the domraider network drt form and function may met the launch date, including changes design, implementation and execution the domraider network. risk theft and piracy hackers other malicious criminal groups organizations may attempt interfere with the domraider network the availability drts several ways including, but not limited to, denial service attacks, sybil attacks, mystification, smurfing, malware attacks, consensus-based attacks. risk security weaknesses the domraider network's core infrastructure software the domraider network's core software based open source software. there risk that the domraider team, other third parties, may intentionally unintentionally introduce weaknesses bugs into the core infrastructure elements the domraider network, interfering with the use causing loss drt. risk weakness exploitable breakthrough the field cryptography advances cryptography, technical advances such the development quantum computers, may present risks for crypto-currencies and the domraider platform, which could result the theft loss drts. risk drt mining attack with other decentralized cryptographic tokens and crypto-currencies, the blockchain used for the domraider network vulnerable mining attacks, including but not limited to, dual-expense attacks, powerful mining attacks, selfish mining attacks, and critical competition attacks. any successful attack poses risk the domraider network, the expected performance and sequencing domraider markets, and the expected performance and sequencing ethereum contract calculations. despite the best efforts the domraider team, the risk known new mining attacks exists. risk the domraider network failing used adopted while drts should not considered investment, their value bound change over time. this value may limited the domraider network not sufficiently used and adopted. such case, there could few markets the platform launch, which would limit the value drts. risk tight market for drts there are currently exchanges trading facilities which drts can traded. such exchanges trading facilities develop, they will probably relatively new and subject poorly understood regulatory oversight. they may therefore more vulnerable fraud and default than the established and regulated exchanges that exist for other products. should exchanges trading facilities that represent substantial part the drt trading volume involved fraud, security failures other operational problems, the failures such exchanges trading facilities may limit the drt value liquidity. risk uninsured loss unlike bank accounts accounts other regulated financial institutions, funds held through the domraider ethereum network are generally uninsured. present, there are public private insurance agents providing buyers with coverage against loss drts loss value. risk winding-up the domraider project for number reasons including, but not limited to, unfavorable fluctuation bitcoin value, unfavorable fluctuation drt value, the failure business relationships competing intellectual property claims, the domraider project may longer viable activity and may dissolved simply not launched. risk malfunction the domraider network the domraider network may impacted adverse malfunction including, but not limited to, malfunction that results the loss drts market information. unforeseen risks crypto-currencies and cryptographic tokens are new, untested technology. addition the risks stipulated above, there are other risks that the domraider team cannot predict. risks may also occur unanticipated combinations changes the risks stipulated herein. know your customer procedure (kyc) part the know your customer procedure (kyc), anyone wishing acquire drts will have provide domraider with the following details via the dedicated ico website prior purchasing drts: surname and first name (for private individuals): company name (for companies): country tax residence: address: e-mail address. www.domraider.io domraider, allee alan turing clermont-ferrand france siret