dot-bip whitepaper a/k/a proposal for implementing dot-bip decentralized dns create distributed, difficult-to-censor dns-type function over the bipcoin cryptocurrency blockchain while solving all the problems that kept namecoin from becoming adopted anything other than speculative commodity summary: are going make something that difficult censor, someone could use say horrible, untrue things about and there's way that even could take down. believe this the truest definition actual free speech. several systems have attempted this. the one that came closest was namecoin. but namecoin was never used more than couple dozen websites for censor-proof dns. plan create something that will get wide scale adoption. that's the key truly keeping speech free. dot-bit whitepaper this document and the software describes covered the bipcot nogov license. this allows use and re-use anyone except governments and government agents. http://bipcot.org/ whitepaper written the bipdevs (bipcoin dev team.) bipcoin@gmail.com https://bipcoin.org/ dot-bip dns via bipcoin will better than dot-bit via namecoin because: --dot-bip solves the domain squatting issue --dot-bip has easy use domain resolver issued day one dot-bip --domain resolver for dot-bip system wide --domain resolver dot-bip easy use for everyone --dot-bip resolver built into gui wallet. --resolver won't stale with third-party api updates. --coins are not destroyed when registering domain --light clients will very easy build and update --people will encouraged add third-party services --dot-bip will pre-solve the security issue that was discovered namecoin --no mission bloat overview: the bipdevs (bipcoin dev team) have great respect for the mission namecoin. namecoin was the first altcoin, and had great idea: removing dns registration and maintenance from the control governments that can change whim (or with the election new "leader") and outlaw many types free speech. namecoin has seen lot mining, trading and speculation. but has never had much adoption for its intended purpose: circumventing censorship. have seen lot domain censorship around the world since the release namecoin the spring but namecoin has never been used for keep websites viewable country where censorship occurs. sure, namecoin devs might able point one two examples with three four users, but that's really not "dns-like" speak of. have any value, and have people develop services, and for webmasters and web users want use it, dns-like system has have least somewhat wide adoption. also, one namecoin's many problems was cybersquatting. any name you wanted was probably already taken within months the release namecoin. two people who are now bipdevs created meowbit. meowbit domain resolver for namecoin dot-bit domains that improved freespeechme, the domain resolver for namecoin developed namecoin dev team member. these future bipdevs who made meowbit had dealings with members the namecoin dev team, plus studied their work and words lot. the bipdevs have also studied the distributed dns problem extensively. the bipdevs now know what do, and what not do, order make distributed dns work, and gain widespread adoption. -=-=-=-=-=-=-=-= what distributed dns? first, you have never used namecoin, let briefly explain how domain registration works that, since our mechanism bipcoin for domain registration will similar some ways. (but not others.) unlike with standard domain registrars, with namecoin, you not send payment company that does the registration and keeps their records that into the (censorable) icann records.....those records behind the scenes let everyone's browsers turn human-readable domain addresses (like bipcoin.org) into underlying addresses that computers can process. (like ...). namecoin, happens automatically and happens the blockchain. does not involve some company doing something for you. users process from within the cli gui wallet, costs them some coin, and the daemon adds the registration pair (domain name:ip address) into block the block chain, just like transaction record. their top-level domain, .bit, not accessible from normal browsers without special addon software. users who have that software, plus the namecoin blockchain their local machine, light client that points the blockchain elsewhere, can resolve namecoin dot-bit addresses into actual web addresses. these address are harder censor than normal .com, .org, .eu (etc) addresses, those domains can taken down government agencies demanding that the domain registrar essentially un-register the domain. with namecoin, the the server changes later, webmasters can make update easily with another transaction from within the wallet. domains can also transferred another owner (namecoin address) from within the wallet. all this secure sending bitcoin transaction, and much harder censor. all this will work the essentially the same bipcoin, but this where the similarity ends. =-=-=--=-=-= note: not technically correct call our system the namecoin system "distributed dns" "blockchain dns." this because "dns" proper noun. i.e. describes actual system, not type system. dns the current domain name system intertwined with the government-backed icann. but the phrase "dns" has largely been made generic, it's not uncommon hear people call any dns-like system "dns." so, throughout this whitepaper call our system "dns" for brevity....and avoid having long stupid awkward sentence constructions over and over. great shorthand name for our system "dot-bip", since that will the domain extension. (named after "bipcoin", and namecoin uses "dot-bit" for their extension). "dot-bit" sounded cool, but too geeky for the public. "dot-bip", sounds geeky, but also fun and not intimidating. -=-=-=-=-=-=-=(longer form): dot-bip dns via bipcoin will better than dot-bit via namecoin because: --dot-bip solves domain squatting issue. dot-bit domains via namecoin only cost about euro cents for much namecoin's existence. the beginning and later was much cheaper. every noun the english language was registered dot-bit within few months the release namecoin. this made virtually impossible for people get the domain they want. dot-bip addresses for domain via bipcoin will cost dollars (mid-nov bipcoin for approximately one year, dollars bipcoin forever. this reasonable (and cheaper than dot-com and other government-controlled domain registrations, but not cheap encourage squatting). --dot-bip has easy use domain resolver issued day one dot-bip, not years later like the dot-bit resolver namecoin. (namecoin's resolver was called freespeechme, which was named current bipcoin developer.) --domain resolver meowbip for dot-bip system wide, not for one browser only with freespeechme namecoin. namecoin's freespeechme only worked www, and only via firefox. bipcoin's meowbit resolver will make anything your computer resolve dot-bip address. that includes all browsers, e-mail, ftp, irc, pidgin, etc. --domain resolver dot-bip easy use for everyone, and run the background, invisibly. freespeechme namecoin's resolver, freespeechme, was not easy use non-technical people, and crashed. and the horrible namecoin wallet that had running also took ten minutes open before would begin syncing. this turned off all but the most dedicated and stubborn will get this work" users. --resolver won't stale with third-party api updates. namecoin's resolver, freespeechme, stopped working mid- due firefox update, and their dev team hasn't gotten around updating it. --dot-bip resolver, meowbip, built into bipcoin the gui wallet. namecoin dev team's official resolver, freespeechme, was plug-in for firefox only. --coins are not destroyed when registering domain anything (unlike with namecoin). --light clients will very easy build and update, using lists nodes which will easy create and maintain via "tasting" the network. could also done release software like this: https://bit.no.com/ and then make easy for people run part bipcoin node. --people will encouraged add third-party services for dot-bip. unlike the namecoin team, who got upset when onename started doing and btc address shortening over namecoin: https://www.reddit.com/r/namecoin/comments/tfs/onename_decentralized_identity_s ystem_built_on/cfyzqvy/ namecoin devs were mad onename for working something without checking with namecoin devs first. lol. onename moved their project over the bitcoin blockchain, and has use there today. --dot-bip will pre-solve the huge security issue that was discovered and fixed namecoin years after launch http://www.coindesk.com/namecoin-flaw-patch-needed/ https://www.reddit.com/r/bitcoin/comments/ohyom/fatal_flaw_in_namecoin_found_do esnt_enforce_some/ --no mission bloat. bipcoin devs "see the forest for the trees." the namecoin team was still working many extended features before having any way for the general public view dot-bit domain. and this was while they still had wallet that took more than minutes even open. and that's before even starts updating the blockchain. bipcoin dot-bip domain registration, and resolving domains, built into our gui wallet. and easy register, transfer and resolve domains for people who not have lot technical understanding. also have made extensive, easy use tutorials all features. any functions added later will easy use day release for people who not have lot technical understanding. there are some blockchain-based systems that say theory that they may able provide distributed dns; maidsafe, etherid via ethereum, and some convoluted plan that once was the works for bitshares. that one kept changing what did and how worked. not surprisingly, collapsed. but none these, working theoretical, deal well with the domain squatting problem. and some tried deal with making people bid domains, which drive the price them out the reach most people. and some them (particularly the now-dead bitshares dns) were are too difficult explain non-technical people. not the underlying core, but even how register domain. that not step toward adoption. none these dns solutions have much/any adoption. adoption the key. without adoption, any service that claims offer this just theories put forth theorists. and that includes namecoin. some would jump here and say "steemit sort does provide something like this" (including actual hosting text-only material their giant corporate blockchain). but steemit doesn't even approach actual decentralized. because the founders can and vastly drive the visibility some posts. worse far, they can censor anything they want. effect, the steem board become the government that system. many current blockchain systems far beyond namecoin complexity, particularly decentralized autonomous organizations. but believe the namecoin idea had its simple merits. and believe the huge problems namecoin can fixed using what basically amounts some tiny bonehead-simple dao-type things, while avoiding problems complex exploitability like with the dao. (also, all those hugely popular centralized corporate blockchains that are supposed make everything decentralized, have any them done it? you know any people who are using any alternative dns system, either webmaster web viewer? there may few geeks reading this who know one two people doing that, but that not adoption. believe can make this easy enough use and reasonable registration price actually get wide adoption. corporate blockchains can censored from outside too. because there isn't corporation anywhere that wouldn't least consider responding cease and desist threat. we're not making some hippie case for "corporations are bad, um'kay"? we're making the case that corporations are horrible choice oversee something where the goal uncensorable dns (or uncensorable anything). corporations also have legal obligation make any decisions they have (within the law) make profit. government organization wanted partner with some blockchain corporation and was more profitable partner with government than with private org, the corporate officers could jail for refusing that partnership moral grounds. and governments can always outbid the private sector because governments can steal, print and inflate money much they'd like. here's what we're looking make. something that difficult censor, that someone could use say horrible untrue things about the bipdevs and there's way that could take down. believe that the truest definition actual free speech, and it's what the internet was supposed be, but never yet really has been. mean, there tor, which makes sites hard censor because it's hard find where they're hosted. but, but tor hard use for webmaster and user use. and even harder use correctly. (there theory that ross unbricht jail because problems with particular version tor intentional backdoors all versions tor. and most people don't know this, but tor still this day funded government agency: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tor_(anonymity_network)#history with the incoming regime the us, this will become very important very soon. not that would have been much better under hilary, she practically owned bankers and used dirty tactics silence critics her. http://www.judicialwatch.org/blog///clinton-goes-after-laugh-factory-comediansfor-making-fun-of-her/ they're all horrible. all politicians, every nation, throughout history, past present and future, all want take your freedom speech and freedom everything. any differences are just matter movable points continuum. -=-=-=-=-=-=-=-= mechanism for preventing domain squatting: domain squatting was gigantic issue for namecoin., though namecoin devs were totally denial about this: namecoin core dev domob called domain squatting dot-bit small problem" (!), even after namecoin had been out for years and almost all common english words, and many company names, were squatted. (it's item his post here): https://www.reddit.com/r/namecoin/comments/tfs/onename_decentralized_identity_s ystem_built_on/cfyzqvy/ not only were almost all available names squatted namecoin, there was/is way purchase those squatted domains you wanted bite your pride and pay lot for one. none the domains have the typical "email you want buy this domain" placeholder page that common with squatted dot-com domains. there way find out way pay someone for squatted namecoin domain! what someone does get the domain want? well, there will certainly domain dispute resolution. someone gets (yourcompanyname).bip, then you register (yourcompanynamedroneproof).bip may seem that the bipcoin dev writing this whitepaper have out bash namecoin and the namecoin devs. it's not personal. it's this: there possible way accurately explain what was wrong with namecoin (and what right moving distributed dns beyond namecoin) without mentioning the mistakes the namecoin devs. for what it's worth, the namecoin devs are brilliant guys, but seem lack common sense. sort the way said that albert einstein would walk out the snow and forget his shoes. the namecoin guys are brilliant math geeks, but really didn't know what with the great beginning they had. they were often their own worst enemies far working toward actual adoption. almost seems like they didn't really want adoption, because that would involve dealing with actual humans. most that team seem much happier programming than interacting with others. (realyourcompanyname).bip (domains are not case-sensitive, but that's the idea.) also, the name isn't registered for all time, you could watch for when expires and grab then. few common things will likely squatted anyway, like art.bip computer.bip sex.bip drugs.bip but that exists any domain system. plus little bit that good for the economy system. and domains won't cheap that anyone going register every word. and you could always get debbiesart.bip mycomputer.bip bestsex.bip etc. our opinion that too much emphasis was based the value actual domains the past, during the dot-com gold rush the late especially. was unknown new world, and there really wasn't way apply true market valuations domains back then. the thing you really want get domain that defines you your business, easy remember, and cannot taken down, which what dot-bip does. but what changes? you can update that very easily for tiny amount bipcoin, and changes will seen throughout the network far faster than when you update dot-com ip. what someone tries hijack the .bip top level domain? someone made competing system, system just mess with dot-bip, and made their system also use the dot-bip system, domains registered with their system would not resolve our system, because they would not our blockchain. anyone else could use the pricing and adoption mechanism created and make different top-level domain different blockchain. but we'd probably still win the war adoption. have people our team, including one the non-programmersdriving everything, that they don't have. ideas cannot "stolen", especially they involve you integral part the equation. how will dot-bit determine cost registering domain? will hard-code pegging the price bipcoin the price gold. this has been suggested before, but has never been implemented way that had any adoption all for dns. and even outside dns, hasn't really made out the theoretical stage. there have been attempts peg the price cryptocurrency itself gold, but that's not how this works. devs don't get say "our coins worth x." that the job the market. the daemon will average bipcoin all exchanges accessible that moment that currently take bipcoin and can display the price dollars euros. registering dotbip domain for one year always dollars worth bipcoin time this writing (mid-november, that's little cheaper than lot dot-com domain registrars per year, but high enough that will heavily discourage squatting. we're pegging gold, not dollars euros, due regime uncertainty after recent usa election. gold also just better stable commodity price general. the amount labor given job type has been payable about the same amount gold for hundreds, and sometimes thousands, years. free apis for gold price are not terribly common, many charge, but can find some. gold stable enough that even using -day average and the daemon only checking once every days for -day average would fine. maybe every days for -day average. bipcoin would checked every eight hours. the network can't contact any the current bipcoin gold exchanges, will with the last good price and check again for gold price day and bipcoin price hour. may easier find free gold price apis that serve gold price that's few days stale, than current price. few days stale would likely work fine, least for proof concept. the price gold stable(ish) enough that the idea really just get price that's not wildly off. like let's say accurate within either way current price. registering dot-bip domain for about one year blocks) should cost the same pure gold's worth bipcoin. (this about dollars from the -day average gold price the time this writing.) registering dot-bip domain for all time should cost the same grams pure gold's worth bipcoin. (this about dollars from the -day average gold price the time this writing.) the price approximate one-year domain registration will half this price for first approximate one-year blocks) encourage adoption. and during this period the "for all time" domain registration price will note: registering updating domains ever temporarily unavailable for some reason, dot-bip via bipcoin will still allow viewing any previously registered domains. discouraging cracking store the domain registration price the blockchain, someone can't alter our code, compile the result, and register domains cheaper than anyone else. works like this: the price goes the blocks. the nodes can't verify the price valid, the block not accepted. when user registers domain, must done using the price gold recorded the last block. when block built, part the validation done the nodes that accept the block that the price gold recorded that block can verified. otherwise, the block rejected, just like block would rejected had other problems. the pricing the blocks and part the validation. interesting byproduct that the process doing this, we're also storing the historical price gold the blockchain. bipcoin dot-bip checks the network each time you register update domain, but only checks bipcoin exchanges one time every eight hours for whole network, don't overwhelm exchanges with too much traffic. but would good our network has more than one check for each exchange. with the system check with the historical price gold make sure one compiling the code and cheating mass-register many domains....the problem that while gold generally stable, has had some huge dips and rises, especially with problems with the dollar the euro whatever currency you compare to. historical gold price data here: http://www.kitco.com/charts/historicalgold.html the nodes check the gold price and has within what they see order for the block accepted. hack that they would have change all the other nodes code, not just their miner's code. the miners are never trusted, they are only verified. what gold becomes incredibly cheap? that's unlikely, but let's say someone does achieve the alchemist's dream turning lead gold....without incredibly expensive-to-run particle accelerator. more likely would actually finding cheap way extracting gold from seawater. but let's say gold plummets the price steel. usd per ton the time this writing.) well, dot-bip would still work after quick software update. even the original team gone, anyone could make the update. then long were public repositories (including dot-bit ones this all became illegal), reviewed people, then compiled from those repositories avoid backdoors.....as long the new software were adopted most miners and nodes, would work. and people would update quickly. because anyone invested having this system work would scramble keep working. it's unlikely that there would even discussion. soon software update was issued, very inexpensive gold would still work the price reference for dot-bip, long that low price stayed relatively stable, and were adjusted the original actual prices the time this writing. what the price gold does not stay stable? let's say some newly elected billionaire president nation with major economy doesn't like common serfs owning gold, because want maintain even more control the currency keep his rich buddies rich and everyone else scrambling survive. outlaws ownership gold, thus making gold black market and having wide price fluctuations? the price gold does not stay stable, the wallet software could updated pin any somewhat stable commodity: silver, platinum, pork bellies, soy, steel, lumber, wheat, legal marijuana, etc. price fluctuation even down over long time line even ok. first because these things usually correct themselves. second, half price double price registering domain fine. it's wild price fluctuations like namecoin had that are avoiding with this system. namecoin made set amount coin register domain. the price has varied from lowest most expensive, and back down near its lowest now. registering namecoin domain started cheap that someone squatted every english word domain, expensive most people wouldn't register domain, and back down where even uncommon word combinations are now being squatted. basically the price registering namecoin domain has historically had hyperinflation rate approaching that germany's weimar republic, where people were burning the paper money keep warm, and the price meal restaurant would vastly the time took eat the meal. pegging the bipcoin cost registration almost any commonly traded real-world commodity would work. because none them have price swings like namecoin. why bipcoin? why not make new coin this? bipcoin exists. it's trade and mined. it's new enough not too difficult mine, but not hard mine that people don't mine it. thus, works very well. put this way: bipcoin transactions confirm faster than with bitcoin the time. sure, this partly from shorter block time but it's also partly from far less traffic and enough mining make work. new coin would not guaranteed have that. and bipcoin has never had some huge spilt that lost people millions dollars and divided communities. bipcoin also known thing. it's traded. it's exchange. it's price calculator websites. it's market cap websites. cli and gui wallets exist already for windows and linux. there are extraordinarily detailed tech documentation the bipcoin website that make easy use for noobs. fact, lot people mining bipcoin never mined anything before, and some never even transacted with bitcoin before. so, there small but very committed community already backing bipcoin. new coin would have start all this from scratch. also, unlike bitcoin, bipcoin uses cryptonote code, which makes transactions truly anonymous, unlike bitcoin and also unlike most altcoins. road map for improvements our proof-of-concept release could start with one crypto exchange and one gold price source. eventually we'd want many more, average from, and for redundancy decentralization. but one each will work for first proof-of-concept dot-bip bipcoin software release. (bipcoin only one exchange the time this writing. but more will surely added this takes off.) gold likely remain far less volatile than the euro, the dollar any government currency, than bitcoin. though the conversion the daemon would take place from the gold price dollars euros the current price bipcoin dollars euros. we're getting gold prices ounces, remember that gold measured troy ounces (approximately grams) not avoirdupois ounces (commonly called "ounces", which are used for most things except metals). avoirdupois ounce equal approximately grams). dollars cheap enough reasonable, but expensive enough discourage squatting. was six cents worth namecoin register domain the peak price namecoin, and much cheaper both ends its lifecycle. this why before most people had heard namecoin, someone registered every word the english dictionary dot-bit domain. lol. also, dollars bipcoin register for blocks (about one year), but dollars bipcoin register forever. dollars may seem high, but will also encourage people become whales bipcoin. this may also encourage people watch bipcoin closely find the right moment register. people might develop services try find the perfect moment register. (based fluctuating prices bipcoin, not gold.) but dollars bipcoin for one year low enough that anyone who can afford cheap web host can afford register dot-bip address. one excluded. the obvious and easy way all this would have the price update from call our website. but that not acceptable because it's not decentralized. have the bipcoin daemon itself the work. need have work even the devs were taken out the picture. and could still work, because miners could decide which exchanges add the gold list and the bipcoin list, and miners would accept was adopted adopting the updated software. the software github, but subsequent releases with source code will also released torrents even the source were removed from git, the project could continue. there are points failure, the exchanges where the updated price bipcoin and the price gold taken from. but more would added updates more exchanges start adding bipcoin. eventually there would enough for this mechanism pass beyond being described "distributed" and really start being definable "decentralized." dot-bip catches on, some exchanges might start incorporating the price gold bipcoin their api, saving the trouble pinging both precious metal exchanges and cryptocurrency exchanges. but that really decentralized? the first version proof-of-concept will not be. add more exchanges for both bipcoin and for gold price, will approach decentralization. the difference between something being distributed and being decentralized largely mater quantity. they're not really two discrete things, they're actually two regions dots continuum. having the daemon check one exchange each for bipcoin and gold barely even "distributed." having the daemon check exchanges each for bipcoin and gold would meet most, not all, definitions "decentralized." something the middle, maybe even low five ten exchanges each, would harder censor than icann-controlled domain, for sure. most things called "decentralized" are actually just "distributed" large scale. this includes bitcoin, where board makes decisions changes. this board, small group people, fighting changing block size, part what lead the creation zcash others. all takes create new disruptive system resentment and coffee pot. lol. the bitcoin foundation board decides some changes. and whether they are implemented determined adoption which mining software accepted the larger mining pools. what this really amounts that under dozen people control decisions what and isn't adopted "decentralized" bitcoin. we're really concerned less dot-bit meets the absolute most extreme academic definition "decentralized", and more concerned that meets these criteria: --it should much harder censor than icann-controlled domain. --it should satisfy zooko's triangle --it should encourage and receive large-scale adoption. not just bipcoin commodity exchange, but the use dot-bit for domain registrations, with many people possessing the ability view them, even just emergency backups waiting the wings for when domain names are seized. --it can survive all members the team being removed from the project, and maintained volunteers who never even had contact with the first team. believe dot-bit can meet these requirements within years release. (there are plans for the team leave, just want the software able function perfectly without us, like bitcoin functions without satoshi.) something happened the core team before then, anyone else could take over the software production using code github (and torrents), and long their software was accepted the miners, the project could continue. precious metals dealership has graciously allowed use their api for gold price for the initial roll out. mechanism for checking bipcoin price add random number generator daemon that would determine period the hour window for every instance software check the exchange(s) for the current price bipcoin (in dollars euros) gold (in dollars euros). once the first daemon instances have returned price, they are automatically averaged, and that becomes the price for that four-hour period. then all other daemon instances the network are told not check (if their time hasn't come yet. random number generator would keep all wallets from checking once and overwhelming the exchange(s). once the price for that period has been determined, there's flag put block that tells the network "this the price registering domain for next blocks, and other daemon instances should check the price during this block period." this could broadcast the network via derrick's blockchain notification system. this something that made previously for dot-bit via namecoin. for that only used signal wallet owners when there was update install. (four-hour time approx. actually would happen every blocks) renewal registrations unlike icann-controlled domains through domain registrars, you will not receive automatic email when it's time renew your domain, but services that provide this for small amount bips will created third parties. this will especially important, since the registration period, blocks, not exactly one year, and can vary depending the falling and rising the hash rate the bipcoin network. -=-=-=-=-=-= functions that will possible upon release: --domain registration derrick's blockchain notification system, the feature that derrick added for notification from dev users, alerts via blockchain. (could used for mechanism broadcast price bipcoin network.) http://www.meowbit.com/meowbit-now-with-update-alerts-over-the-blockchain-a-newfeature-for-all-blockchains/ adding trivial once domain implemented, true, but more tech support for extra functions isn't trivial. and there may other unforeseeable issues. will rolling out new namespace types gradually, with lot testnet testing, then public working tests, and time for feedback before implementing each next one. ==-= meowbit will reborn meowbip, and incorporated into wallet folder, and set run with the wallet, have built-in file resolver with first release dot-bip registration system. user will able turn off "run system start" for both wallet and meowbip from within the gui wallet, but default will on:true. fyi, meowbit website: http://www.meowbit.com/ meowbit github: https://github.com/derrick-/meowbit/tree/master/dotbitns ==-= size text allowed: bytes pegging price bips needed should done pinging api several exchanges that offer bipcoin bitcoin and averaging them, but should ignore any that cannot contacted that moment. should not give error messages for exchanges cannot contact. -=-=-=-=-=-=-=-= functions include later release: --register first instance creation (like patent, copyright trademark, without the government b.s. and only proves first creation, does not include any enforcement, other than ridicule for anyone claiming they first created it.) date and approx time registration will verifiable buy block height registration.) --id -ssl registration for ssl, don't need use byte spaces, and that would lead quickly blockchain bloat. when displayed for human inspection, fingerprints are usually encoded into hexadecimal strings. these strings are then formatted into groups characters for readability. for example, -bit fingerprint for ssh would displayed follows: :::a:b:fc:b:b:a:a:a:b:f:::a ssh fingerprint for public key could look like this: sha:jppfkjoaxtf+lmj+bmalq/koihleh/klia there are other short methods also. any these could easily fit without bloat. -multi-party sig registration execution any the above. -wordpress capacity, make easier for everything wordpress display properly. -chain all the things. pretty much "the sky the limit." all this and more: -dot-onion support -ipv support -messaging systems -notary/timestamp systems -alias systems -issuance shares/stocks -allow zone file support have multiple domains one --cyrillic alphabet, greek, simplified chinese and other non-ascii domain name registration -=-=-=-= domain registration example.bip: these are the commands for cli. all this will done automatically gui. delegate your domain and subdomains dns servers: recommended: {"ns": ["...", "..."]} command fee transaction summary fee notes create domain name. name becomes public. you own the domain during the next blocks months.) bip update name gives you another blocks ownership bip transfer name another address gives new address blocks ownership bip you update the address domain. changes for remaining registered blocks ownership. bip the name becomes you own the domain during the next yours for all blocks (all infinity months.) all time. id_register gold bipcoin. bip create name. name becomes public. you own the during the next blocks months.) _renew gold bipcoin. bip update id. gives you another blocks ownership. _transfer bip transfer gives new address blocks tiny fee bip gold name_register this writing, may bipcoin down gold name_renew bipcoin gold name_transfer bipcoin name_update gold bipcoin. grams gold name_always bipcoin. another address. gold bipcoin. _always grams gold bipcoin. bip ownership. the name becomes you own the domain during the next yours for all blocks (all infinity months.) all time. (etc. for other services.....) (the small transaction fee will the miners mining around that time, just like with payment transaction. the larger will development and charity. that explained further below.) for future registration functions added, the payment formula this: anything that can squatted (ids, domain names, dot-onion address name associations) will same price register and renew domain. anything that can't really squatted (registering first instance creation, unique ssl certs, etc.) will /the the price register and renew domain. this cents the time this writing. that's cheap enough for people easily do, but expensive enough heavily discourage any kind flooding attack. price registering document will /th the price domain. transferring domain registration document registration another address will the same price registering document. price registering will the same registering domain. map all hosts the domain one address: {"ip":"...", "map": {"*": {"ip":"..."}}} example: ./bipcoind name_update '{"ip":"...", "map": {"*": {"ip":"..."}}}' (above adapted from namecoin. could easily use our own code, and names for actins there reason to.) what this comes down very simple. it's two things: domain name:ip address. and can easily updated via the wallet your website's changes. -=-=-=-=-=-=-=-= all websites and ids will automatically covered the bipcot nogov license. default will on, but there will switch flag turn that off. default will also allow "libertarian indulgence" bipcot (low-level non-violent government employees like mail carriers, school teachers, and future-snowden tech worker bees will allowed use the licensed media, but politicians, and violent government employees still cannot use it. examples: -letter agency goons, and law enforcement any kind. libertarian indulgence turned off, employees contractors any government can use the thing being registered dot-bip, even low-level non-violent government employees like mail carriers, school teachers. this not recommended. otherwise, how will those people learn get real jobs? bipcot_on_yes:true default: indulgence:on will include simple html page (with any small images local folder the wallet install) with list our initial dot-bip domains and links, people can test that they've correctly got everything working. -=-=-=-=-=-=-=-= json attributes --domain registration domain.bip:ip:true:on examples: bipcoin:... forknote:... cryptonotepool:... bipcot license on, libertarian indulgence permitted. --id id:meaning examples: tom:tom_smith:true:on (tom smith, will talk low-level government agents and say "hi" back they say "hi." mdc: true:off:michael's cats bipcat, beast and bob. (cats cannot petted any government agents.) bipcot:beastlick_internet_policy_commission_outreach_team:true:off (beastlick internet policy commission outreach team, all products can not used any government agents. --first instance creation nameofthing:url,md,words:file_size,v,true,off (this uses commas, not colon, since colon can web urls) example: dotbip_whitepaper,c,https://www.bipcoin.bip/assets/wp.pdf, cbcfabac,,,_,yes,yes this breaks down to: -name document registered, name document describing first instance creation something registered: dotbit whitepaper document being registered, the thing described document, both (as (both, i.e. the document, and the thing described the document, are being registered) -url file path document: https://www.bipcoin.bip/assets/dbwp.pdf document: cbcfabac word count document: file size document: bytes version document: document and thing described registered bipcot nogov license: yes "libertarian indulgence" bipcot exceptions permitted: yes add new capabilities, the namespace will added our enforced syntax. having enforced syntax will provide additional help prevent squatting, "blockchain graffiti" and thus keeping down blockchain bloat. this will for now, and may change later some point. will take some time find the right balance between enabling new features implemented, and having blockchain that's too heavy early. these restrictions from the start will not prevent people from creating services around bipcoin that not directly involve altering the blockchain new ways. -=-== wordpress plugin for our friend anthony https://github.com/anthonylv make later: plugin that automatically correctly resolves all internal wordpress links via dot-bip (harder than just resolving front page dot-bit domain. plugin would make easy. (he's also going make wordpress plugin before that, that will make easy for webmasters add "donate via bipcoin" function, once add association for bipcoin:address into installer.) -=-==-= some code we'd need exists namecoin. will not use anything near all use all it. strip down basics. put fancy stuff later (including fixing their beta resolving onion addresses securely via tor bundle). but we'd never use most their code. and we'll write lot our own. already have resolver (meowbit) that derrick made for namecoin, easy fix work for dot-bip. another reason squatting isn't such issue: tell people not worry much about exact name. people very rarely type domains any more, almost always getting site from link from search engine. (and dot-bip search engines would likely spring third-party services. and it's possible support could get added some existing search engines.) like you wanted cryptonotepool.bip but taken, get any these: thecryptonotepool.bip cryptonotepools.bip cryptonotepoolz.bip domains should not case-sensitive, all these would work for the same site: bipcoin.bip bipcoin.bip bipcoin.bip bipcoin.bip -=-=-=-=-=-=-=-= license for dot-bip software same bipcoin: the bipcot nogov license http://bipcot.org/ the namecoin code has the mit license, which permissive, can use any and re-license bipcot, with attribution. namecoin core code here: https://github.com/namecoin/namecoin-core misc; someone would invariably build web-based resolvers (sort defeats the propose but easy use for noobs spread the idea. maybe not though, maybe charge fraction bip use somehow. can contribute ddos amplification: https://wiki.namecoin.org/index.php?title=howto_setup_public_dns_resolver could dot-bip spread across several coins? not different tlds but somehow implementing the same one, checking with other networks before registering? would that nightmare? would not implement this, but could encourage adoption other (existing and new) coins. basically this would registering via bipcoin, but other coins would update and hold our updated list once hour strengthen the dot-bip network. other coins could also adopt meowbip for their coin and put their gui wallet. people who don't like bipcoin could still use the dot-bip domain system bytecoin karbowanec. (or non-cryptonote coins too.) their coin not licensed bipcot nogov, they should publicly issue themselves bipcot libertarian indulgence order use dot-bit software their coin. =-=--==-= what happens the bipcoin used register domains? we're going pay via one hard-coded address the core members the bipcoin team the time this writing. they will use half pay themselves and any additional team members contractors keep this thing going. (each bipdevs' share within the team will based amount work done and what percentage they contributed each milestone. i.e. not how many lines code they wrote but how much they actually solved problems. payment will based quality not quanity.) the other half the registration bipcoin (after initial testing and release the software the public) will these charities: freeross.org (legal defense, and awareness outreach for ross ulbricht the "silk road.") antiwar.com (anti war education.) fija.org (jury nullification and outreach.) restore the fourth reinst (ending mass government surveillance https://restoretheth.com/ will also provide free lifetime dot-bip domains these organizations, and help them set up. these will also links the "about" tab the wallet, click and test that it's working after you set up. picked charities only loon could not like and picked ones that are international appeal, not local. jury nullification applies largely law. but fija does some work outside the us, and educational organization, international scope and appeal. restore the fourth the us, donations also their sister org europe, reinst. freeross.org and antiwar.com are entirely international scope. will not converting bipcoin btc send charities. part our plan encourage adoption bipcoin. someone the charity will need take three minutes install bipcoin gui wallet. but bipcoin can converted bitcoin cryptopia exchange, and will likely more exchanges the future. we've talk someone all four these charities, and they're all willing. we'll pay out them once month least. the charities and can feel free let people know ever stop paying them, there transparency. after time, may add remove charities, but this the discretion the bipdevs for the first two years after release dot-bip. bipcoin the incoming wallet will transferred out that wallet once day. don't want keep all coin one wallet for more than little time, make the people holding the keys not target for theft. there will vague general accounting this, but we're not going spend time with detailed reports who did what when where. the time that would take time could working. and detailed reporting person also violates the principle anonymous coin. our results will our real "quarterly reports." let the users see that commitment the code. this will the plan for years after release initial dot-bip. then this topic will opened the public for comment. this could include options such paying out some the miners and how that would technically implemented, continuing the situation is, adding other charities, something else. after days public comment, this plan will continue for more days while the dev team (basically acting hoc board) will decide which path take. very likely that some bipcoin will still the dev team and charity. possibly additional, different, charities. and possible that some will then miners. people who don't like the final decision can invent their own system. they can use our code and mechanisms, they are not aligned with any government. anyone who not happy with any the above should also keep mind this: namecoin basically threw all incoming registration coin down flaming hole, then spent years wishing they had funding. when you registered domain namecoin, the namecoin was destroyed. hate the idea that. also, can't that, because we're charging more than trivial amount. registering dot-bip address destroyed some coin, eventually all coin would destroyed and there would network support the system. namecoin devs destroyed coin, but then spent the next five years begging hard for someone help them with their important work, finance it. agree with them that they deserved get paid, but they could have paid themselves the way are, instead basically burning all the money they were paid. namecoin devs got desperate they even started consider things that would undermine the whole system, like partnering with giant corporations https://forum.namecoin.org/viewtopic.php?f=&t=& https://forum.namecoin.info/viewtopic.php?f=&t= there was talk that forum and their irc partnering with other corporations. there was even talk from devs the irc one point about trying partner with icann! this would like satoshi had partnered with the united states federal reserve. other words: completely antithetical the independence, decentralization, and mission the namecoin devs had partnered with icann even any large corporation insure the survival namecoin, would have lead the destruction namecoin. so, bottom line registration bipcoin: half the bipcoin from registrations and renewals will dev team. don't want compromise our work effort and integrity having cyberbeg, constant fundraisers, make deals with devilish borgs. the other half the bipcoin brought from registrations and renewals will some great charities. other uses for this software our mechanism could used other coins for pairing other things real-world gold price. list code required for first public proof-of-concept working beta --code view dot-bip domains system wide already exists, derrick created ("meowbit") for namecoin and should easy adopt. --code add domain:ip pairs into the blockchain. should include code enforce syntax prevent other text from being added. let's use ipv for now, but will add ipv later. the syntax allows will letters/numbers (and spaces) to, let's say characters for the first part, and numbers only any standard ipv octet for the second part. except for the enforced syntax, this code exists namecoin. --code figure the current price registering, bips, based price gold from the gold api have permission use. should check gold price once week and should check bipcoin price every eight hours. --code compare the above two determine price gold/dollar/bip. --code allow domain:ip pair added only after payment made. this code already exists namecoin and can probably adopted for bipcoin. --code reject blocks that have registrations too-low gold prices. (search "preventing cracking" this document above for more that.) --code pay bipcoin for registrations coming out one hard-coded address (will paid from there charities and devs). should have some mechanism prevent someone compiling our code, and changing that address. i.e. some how blockchain must authorize each one. maybe should only pay out once hour reduce stress network. this mechanism could maybe include derrick's blockchain notification system, the feature that derrick added for notification from dev users, alerts via blockchain. (could also maybe used for mechanism broadcast price bipcoin network?) http://www.meowbit.com/meowbit-now-with-update-alerts-over-the-blockchain-a-newfeature-for-all-blockchains/ this address could eventually multisig address, but for now let's just make one address. --code update addresses, renew domains, and transfer another address. this code already exists namecoin and can probably adopted for bipcoin. --hard code few address:ip pairs for devs, our websites. could criticized some sort "pre-mining", but we're not squatting names sell, we're registering names we'll use. including names related this project. basically also show test demonstrations upon installing software make sure it's working. would registered for all time, but would able updated normally, and could transferred normally another address needed. conclusion henry ford didn't invent the internal combustion engine, nor was the first person put one carriage make work without horse. but put car every carriage house. and when started most people had never even seen car. made cars practicable and affordable. plan this for distributed, difficult-tocensor dns. namecoin established some amazing ideas. but bipcoin will take these ideas and make them easy adopt for everyone.