how the world's first mobilit cryptocurrency will create ubiquitous reward ecosystem for the transport industry positioning document and whitepaper april (v.) www.dovu.io index dovu's vision executive summary global vision mobility inefficiencies fiat limitations circular economy for mobility dovu ecosystem mobility sector experts token dynamics dovu platform dovu marketplace dov token commercialisation strategy why now? lack trust data the new oil nudge economics dovu use cases trust smart contracts tokenised ecosystem transport mobility data enabling mobility transactions powering decentralised business models team core team advisory board strategic partners token distribution event token management use funds roadmap this not prospectus any sort this document and any other documents published association with this whitepaper relate potential token offering (i.e. the dov token) persons (contributors) respect the intended development and use the network various participants. this document does not constitute offer securities promotion, invitation solicitation for investment purposes. the terms the contribution are not intended financial services offering document prospectus. the token offering involves and relates the development and use experimental software and technologies that may not come fruition achieve the objectives specified this white paper. the purchase tokens represents high risk any contributors. tokens not represent equity, shares, units, royalties rights capital, profit income the network software the entity that issues tokens any other company intellectual property associated with the network any other public private enterprise, corporation, foundation other entity any jurisdiction. the token not therefore intended represent security interest. executive summary the transport and mobility sector faces vast and ever growing number challenges the face constantly evolving consumer needs, governmental demands and market specific requirements. data and behavioural influence are the key components understanding and helping change consumer behaviour. dovu the missing piece the puzzle circular economy for the transport and mobility sector that creates unique value exchange between regular consumers and those that benefit from their data contributions that benefit the mobility space. the dovu platform empowers individuals earn tokens for sharing their mobility data performing rewardable activities defined dovu partner such changing driving behaviour undertaking valuable tasks. these tokens then feed back into the ecosystem through mobility related transactions, that offsetting the cost car, fuel for that car, paying for flight, just riding the bus. our platform consists wallet, smart contract powered reward engine, reward marketplace, token and sdk. partners and individuals using the platform create our circular ecosystem. our erc dov token used for transactions within the ecosystem. the core team consists entrepreneurs, blockchain developers, product marketers, product designers and legal experts all with significant experience shipping and supporting products used millions people. our high profile advisory board committed help dovu execute its mission, and includes former member the board directors ethereum, entrepreneur who has built one billion dollar business around community development, and partner top global advisory firm. together with strategic investors, including government-backed fund and major car company, dovu will disrupt traditional industry. dovu shaping the crypto model for the mobility ecosystem. dovu's vision global vision dovu shaping the crypto model for the mobility ecosystem. introducing transport focused reward platform power new business models the transportation sector. mobilit inefficiencies fiat limitations fluid mobility burdened market inefficiencies and fiat limitations. currently, there reward mechanism for individual contribute value back into the ecosystem, such sharing data with service providers, sending electricity back the grid from their ev. essence, this means that important well value left untapped, needlessly slowing down the process innovation. stands, we're facing world with self-driving cars, where you still need fill out paperwork for insurance, pay per fixed units hour, and you don't control your own driving data. thankfully, blockchain exceptionally well suited solve these problems. imagine being rewarded for all the data you create and share. circular economy for mobility companies such uber airbnb are often cited examples sharing economy, but due the inherent risk around trust and responsibility with strangers doing business, these markets require large infrastructure manage relationships between two parties wishing exchange value true sharing economy one which individuals and companies are empowered technology exchange value and they wish send receive payment for it. because blockchain can verify value contributed independently, whether you are corporate individual, the dovu platform empowers everybody fairly rewarded for their contribution the mobility ecosystem. this transforms relationships many:many. imagine your car paying you drive it. imagine being rewarded for all the data you create and share. imagine being able use those rewards for travel, services, and transport globally. imagine this insight being used further improve mobility services, working towards fluid movement goods and people our cities. applying this technology will transform our thinking about data and mobility. for example, when hailing autonomous car, insurance considerations are recorded smart contract, micropayments are usage-based, and the dovu platform allows you rewarded for the data you share the activity you have carried out. dovu ecosystem the dovu platform handles creation and management reward and redemption systems between indivduals and partners, creating ecosystem where tokens are earned and used against mobility related products services. based ethereum, the dov token used for transactions within the ecosystem. the in-wallet marketplace both provides means discover and connect partner rewards but also encourage new peer peer mobility services such car space sharing even utility services like servicing, maintenance cleaning. dovu well connected the transport sector. the dovu wallet and marketplace are the simplest way access and engage with the circular economy. simple and intuitive interface connects transport related partners individuals and handles all transactions and logging those transactions. contributing the quality the ecosystem can earn you dov tokens. similar in-game rewards, contributors are rewarded with tokens based the quality and/or frequency their input. this introduces self-reinforcing and peer reviewed feedback loop continuously enhancing the quality the ecosystem. mobility sector experts dovu well-connected the transport sector. april dovu received seed funding from inmotion ventures, jaguar land rover's investment arm, and creative england, fund backed the government. through its network advisors, dovu has access the relevant professional industry networks and well positioned build lasting customer relationships. token dynamics dovu atform the dovu platform also empowers 'data owners' (individuals, organisations and even iot devices any source data) control access the data they share, whilst receiving value from future profits the use that data return the form dov tokens. partners inside the ecosystem can define smart contracts set conditions use and the level reward they are willing offer data owners, whilst data owners forever retain control cancel the contracts, change and revoke permissions. this paradigm shift away from blanket acceptance traditional terms and privacy policies, granting large organisations the permission use and resell data without few, any, controls its use, and with little recourse cancellation abused. the dovu platform will make possible harness the power smart contracts and blockchain put control data back the hands the data owners. fairly rewarding them for it, and thus encouraging greater sharing data, whilst automatically reprimanding blocking there breach agreed terms. imagine the ability rewarded for sharing your travel data, with total control and infallible guarantee over which data you are willing share, and the kinds organisations you are willing share with, when, how and on. the dovu platform offers that. it's similar collecting reward points for your supermarket shopping, but much larger scale, with flexible controls and remuneration with far greater utility the dov token. the first example the open data economy (where data owners are rewarded for their data) the dovu marketplace, allowing data providers easily and honestly deliver data market data consumers interested creating the next generation mobility focused startups. future examples the dovu platform being leveraged within the mobility sector might include travel operator that wants reward existing customers (who are now data owners) with loyalty based pricing. simple travel based app adhering the dovu platform would all that was required (in combination with the relevant smart contracts) remit rewards dov tokens. the dovu platform and sdk will utilise well established cryptography standards (such the sha- cryptographic hash algorithm) that data can signed and relationship verified every stage usage. dovu will also offer authentication api and smart contracts management platform that data owners can easily enter into (or cancel out of) agreements with data providers from any app smartphone, website, iot device. examples could include dovu enabled smartphone app unlock shared vehicle, and automatically sign-in the dovu platform from that vehicle's onboard computer with options allow access the car's data while driving. smartphone app track movements such walking, running, cycling, driving imagine being able sell this data return for dov tokens that can used buy petrol, train journeys bus rides. discounted travel costs return for your data, simply using dovu enabled app buy your tickets. each user the platform will identified with 'wallet' public address the ethereum blockchain). this provides both anonymity the user, yet total transactional transparency token flow and contractual terms. the user can decide they wish attach and share any personal data this, based the rewards offered. the same time, each wallet provides the means both accept and spend dov tokens. the ethereum blockchain provides the means value exchange through dov tokens, well the smart contract infrastructure. the dovu platform will provide layer top this retain 'ledger value' record dov token payments data owners wallets based the value agreed the smart contracts. for example smart contracts facilitate granular charging activities through the dovu marketplace, incurring far less transaction fees only moving the dov tokens between wallets the ethereum blockchain when significant value ready transfer. dovu marketplace the dovu marketplace will provide partners with the tools list and engage with consumers, also defining costs and terms smart contracts executed the blockchain. also plan encourage developer engagement using our apis and sdk further app development and rewarded dov tokens this will organically grow the dovu powered transport api ecosystem. consumer/owner individual organisation that 'owns' some data willing action task activity exchange for dov tokens. provider/contributor (partner) individual organisation that wants provide tokens exchange for some data activity from the consumer/owner. dov token the dov token central our ecosystem. it's the unit value that allows create this new circular economy linking consumers partners (and vice versa) and also rewarding those sharing data providing value through actions. for our ecosystem flourish the transport sector encourage use the dov token within it, and ultimately build value for all customers adoption and utility grows. the dov token the only unit value used across dovu platform. every purchase, sale, exchange any other transaction the platform will require the use dov tokens. global ledger combined with token that's required use that ledger aligns incentives and creates more intense product engagement. blockchain uniquely rewards early adopters. the product becomes more useful more users join and demand for the token increases, which result increases utility for users. other words, token utilisation and network effects continuously reinforce each other which benefits early adopters. using the dov token your business has number advantages over creating your own token. building payment infrastructure non-trivial task. adopting existing payment structure lowers development cost and increases time market. leveraging stable currency lowers barriers adoption for end-users. commercialisation strategy there urgent need for practical uses blockchain technology bring the masses. leveraging blockchain technology for mobility solutions has broad market appeal. this not only unlocks opportunities for businesses, such data monetisation and utilisation, but also for individuals, who can rewarded for their contributions the ecosystem. using dovu's circular economy create previously impossible mobility services dovu will drive revenue through tools and services the dovu platform. companies will forced recognise that open rewards and incentivisation beneficial everyone. staying siloed, e.g. closed platform lessens the utility and value those incentives. rewards becomes exponentially more valuable for everyone outside walled gardens. partners still develop enormous benefit through consumer insight and action but improved customer experience and trust through openness (see emissions scandal etc) enhance overall loyalty. disrupting the mobility sector will require mixture fast-moving startups and strategic partners ranging from car manufacturers (oems) and tier automotive suppliers public transit providers. through its network advisors, partners, and investors, dovu has access the relevant professional industry networks and well positioned build lasting strategic partnerships. why now? lack trust consumers are currently facing new landscape for information sharing. with data and consumer insight influencing everything from elections how products get marketed us, it's hard know what information share behaviours conduct that contribute our personal data profiles. the largest data companies the world are now struggling repair the bad will generated breeches trust how data used. changing the conversation entirely one conscious, controllable and open sharing data and activities, brands can show they not only value their customers data but demonstrably reward customers for providing them value. with dovu create new model where everybody wins, nothing hidden and business value fairly rewarded. data the new oil data generated the way travel informs much about the services and facilities use. world connected vehicles and trains, information-sharing infrastructure, traffic lights, and iot enabled smart cities this data provides the fuel that runs these systems. this data generated myriad platforms using varying rules and following local regulations. smart cities and movements are fast growing sector with increasing complexity. data and corresponding services need permission from users, incentives share and also means demonstrate compliance with regulation and privacy concerns. dovu provides the mechanism bridge consumers with business infrastructure, handling permissions sharing and rewards for doing so. nudge economics tokenisation provides powerful way not just reward for sharing data but for encouraging small changes people's behaviour. undesirable, laborious repetitive tasks carried out consumers often provide incredible value business, saving time, effort and also shifting behaviours favour more efficient ecological activity. changing transport behaviour one area that works really well through nudge economics, simple changes habits, change route transport mode, return for tokens can have huge cumulative benefit. those tokens then feeding back into the ecosystem participants spend them additional mobility products services. there urgent need for practical uses blockchain technology bring the masses. dovu use cases the dov token earned and used within the dovu ecosystem through mobility related services listed the dovu marketplace. utility covers broad spectrum activities, ranging from being used standard exchange reward value between parties, enabling new decentralised business models. the dovu platform addiotionally provides parties with the necessary tools connect the dovu blockchain platform using oracles, unlocking benefits such smart contracts, secure/trusted transactions, conditional reward systems, micropayments, and novel alternatives standard authorisation all kinds mobility services. platform benefits trust smart contracts using blockchain map activity and data you can create trusted record permission. smart contracts further enforce business rules. for example, the data used for commercial ends, group-a conditions apply, but data used for non-commercial ends group-b requirements come into effect. smart contracts add additional layer privacy tokenizing recorded data and personal information. this personal information could encrypted and viewable only parties that have either the legal right are being participants the transactions. the immutability data further prevents fraud. the near-future blockchain gives near-real-time insight into where and how data being used. the transparency realised value combined with micro-payments opens opportunities for granular value-based pricing reward activities. tokenised ecosystem the ability earn and redeem dov tokens across wide ranging ecosystem marketplace partners, smart city infrastructures and even through peer peer transaction will have profound effect the quality the ecosystem. tokens align incentives partners and participants continuously improve the quality the platform. additionally the user growth fund encourages community participation and further opportunity enhance the ecoystem conducting value-adding activities, such code audits, building community awareness, helping improve documentation, testing sdk function answering community questions and being rewarded with tokens. this not only rewards early adopters but incentivises active community members alongside regular customers. transport mobilit data transport data and related activities are well suited tokenisation. there are many types transport data. three obvious categories are: mode (e.g. cars), infrastructure (e.g. roads), and context (e.g. weather). the biggest mobility companies are already identifying and using cross-functional use cases for this data. leading mapping companies link geolocation data location, mapping data navigation, congestion data optimisation, and parking data destinations. transport apps combine public transport data with mapping data granular level, all the way down tube exits. local governments use congestion data, accident data, and infrastructure data inform urban planning decisions and infrastructure investment. use cases extend beyond transport. congestion data not only relevant for governments, but also for advertisers when deciding where place billboards. footfall and accessibility data will important for real estate and pop-ups. data science offers further opportunities. five cars have their windshield wipers within square mile, raining. this information can used map micro climates, forecast traffic jams, optimise utilisation public transport. connected cars are the gateway hyperlocal data opening all kinds new use cases. after all, what's the point connected car you have nothing connect to? enabling mobility transactions the dov token creates digital transport economy for the next generation. every mobility related application that transacts monetary value can benefit from blockchain based currency. using the dov token unlocks benefits such trust (smart contracts), flexibility (micropayments), and security (authorisation). vehicle usage will evolve and offer new opportunities for ownership. imagine flexible leasing daily minute rate, with up-front authentication, built-in insurance and value-based pricing. offsetting your fuel/charging costs earning tokens and then exchanging for free/discounted fuel servicing. peer peer transaction with the security blockchain make ride sharing and car-pooling opportunity for income generation. terms and conditions are agreed and legally enforcing from point transaction, diminishing the need for administrative paper work and optimising asset utilisation. the not too distant future, autonomous cars cannot only drive themselves, but also pay for themselves. when passenger enters the car, the car calculates the cost associated with the trip and determines value-based pricing accordingly. insurance policy flexible based actual activity, and payment invisible and instantaneous. powering decentralised business models taking the mobility service analogy further, the blockchain makes decentralisation possible. the dov token empowers vehicle owners monetize their assets selling rides, cargo space even the use the vehicle itself. the blockchain can store data about the vehicle's usage and information about vehicle owners, drivers and passengers. this profile information can help validate smart contract between two parties plus manage payment services between them without need financial intermediary, thereby saving transaction surcharges. the system may also provide connectivity vehicle functions for remote locking/unlocking doors and engine startup/shut off. fact, you can decentralise most business models mobility. the dovu token creates digital economy for transport for the next generation. team core team dovu lead strong and highly experienced team, who have started, grown and exited technology companies with similar complexity. irfon watkins founder, ceo serial entrepreneur, irfon has founded and sold companies across the api spectrum. before founding dovu was founder and ceo coull, programmatic video advertising company processing over billion requests month from over countries. with over years experience executive, irfon has strong background starting and growing businesses global scale. krasina mileva co-founder, coo legal counsel register european lawyer with over years experience contract and commercial law. krasina has headed international legal department law firm, having deal with various civil and international matters. then she became sole-practitioner, focused mainly contract, commercial and company law, whilst co-founding construction business belgium. head legal million dollar ad-tech company she discovered her passion around data protection, privacy and smart legal agreements. being part the company secretariat team associated british ports gave her additional layer corporate governance expertise. alex morris head product multi-disciplined product designer and specialist with over years experience working the software industry, scaling products and tools serve millions users. extensive experience creating desktop and mobile software, campaigns, services and tools for clients including adobe, intel, microsoft, espn/disney, cern, red bull racing, mercedes, renault, jazeera, the nhs and gsk. most recently lead design for the government's digital transformation the national census. obsessed with all things wheels, alex also contributed industry leading cycling and motorsport magazines, wrote book mountain biking technique and also owned his own bike brand. tom holder cto working software development since tom has been involved the development and delivery hundreds online applications, services and api's. co-founder the digital agency simpleweb, well versed both the technical and business side things, has strong focus startups, and well versed blockchain technology. his focus project analysis and requirements engineering, systems architecture review and analysis, database and ledger design and the development and scalability distributed systems. james guest head blockchain production experienced, versatile and motivational digital production specialist with deep technical understanding blockchain technology. james has been working digital production for over years delivering dozens successful products, mobile apps, web technologies and desktop applications for broad range sme, corporate, government and non-profit organisations including bp, suez, google, android, youtube, skype, unilever, dti, lloyds and many more. advisory board lars klawitter executive director strategic business inmotion ventures, general manager rolls royce bespoke, former board directors ethereum lars klawitter has been senior roles the tech industry for more than years. rolls royce veteran since lars was given the overall responsibility for the company's newly established bespoke division after realizing growth over his role head bespoke was expanded include the company's digital strategy and the connected car project early besides his role rolls-royce, lars has been angel investor and non executive board member. served director the ethereum foundation during the launch the platform and member the advisory board capital, fintech company kenya. rob jones co-founder fanduel serial entrepreneur and co-founder fanduel, the world's largest one-day fantasy sports site worth over $b. strong experience varied disciplines, including ui/ux, brand identity, native app design and community building. andrew hodgson partner kpmg corporate finance well over years experience audit and transactions, andrew has also undertaken number industry secondments, including acting group treasurer major transport business and working international investment bank. andrew has worked wide range clients from owner managed businesses aim and ftse across range sectors. they include defence, retail, manufacturing, transport, professional partnership and utilities. arwen smit consultant co-founded dovu after working entrepreneur-in-residence inmotion, the accelerator jaguar land rover. active the technology scene europe, arwen has worked the business side technology companies various roles. she worked head growth digital agency, supervisory board member aiesec international advise technology strategy, mentor virgin startup advising business models, and held project management roles strategic projects facebook and google. she has bsc from the rotterdam school management and msc from stockholm school economics. strategic partners accounting advisors kpmg legal advisors ramparts blockchain advisors tokenmarket investors inmotion ventures investment arm jaguar land rover creative england government-backed fund (united kingdom) token distribution event token management finite amount billion tokens will issued. these billion tokens, will made available for the token sale. there will lock-in period years for any unsold tokens. the token distribution event capped eth. dov eth. the minimum participate the pre-sale eth. timetable august september utc: september utc: october utc: october utc: whitepaper published pre-sale live pre-sale ends token sale live token sale closes token distribution overview the dov tokens (.b) will made available token sale participants (ito). the dov tokens (.b) will allocated user growth fund. earned tokens, contributing the quality the ecosystem, will originate from this fund. dov tokens received reward can only used within the dovu ecosystem for value added services. any unused dov tokens after months will sent back the user growth fund which can then used for new users. the dov tokens (.b) will allocated advisors, founders, and management help build the team. team members vest for tokens four installments six months each. the tokens (.b) will held reserve. the reserve subject two-year lock-down period. the token sale million tokens) will allocated the bounty program. the bonus structure for the public token sale will based three tiers. conditions for these three tiers will announced when the pre-sale closes the september. tier discount tier discount tier announced token price token distribution user growth fund ito team reserves use funds proceeds the token sale will used develop the platform and accelerate the network effect our token distribution, through strategic partnerships. marketing and business development efforts will drive further adoption our platform. financially supporting data providers and developers building our platform will one our cornerstone strategies post our token sale. use funds working capital marketing customer development infrastructure dovu development operations roadmap dovu already well its way bringing its vision the market. development track bring our mvp private alpha during with view onboarding and integrating significant number partners throughout dovu already well its way bringing its vision the market.