whitepaper dowcoin white paper "an e-currency based cryptographic proof, without the need trust third-party middleman, creating secure and effortless transactions." satoshi nakamoto, bitcoin developer www.dowico.com table contents introduction need for stability cryptocurrency fog introducing dowcoin what etherium? new wave cryptocurrency watch out for what dowcoin? purpose dowcoin dowcoin ethereum why use dowcoins? motivation behind the creation dowcoins token distribution ico parameters conclusion timeline team page introduction the growth cryptocurrencies has led lot attention and demand from traditional investors who would like invest new type asset. however, lot these investors not have grasp the various technical differences between currencies, which can create many unforeseen liabilities. this becomes even more complex when these investors diversify their portfolio beyond just one cryptocurrency. traditional investors the stock market diversify through index mutual funds, but these methods investment not exist the realm cryptocurrency. the need for stability obviously, the cryptocurrency marketplace extremely volatile, with wild swings either side the pendulum happening daily. the need for cryptocurrency index that serves the market indicator quite apparent. without such indicator, wild swings will corrode the sustainability the system whole. dowcoin will follow the price movements the top cryptocurrencies with the largest market cap. this will help investors consolidate their gains from the overall upward trend this market, despite any extreme fluctuations individual coins. page cryptocurrency fog the number cryptocurrencies any given exchange continues rise over the course time. for investors with little knowledge these currencies, choosing which invest becomes very complicated, very quickly. most investors will choose purchase only few well-known currencies such bitcoin, ethereum, dash and litecoin. unfortunately, these investors will fail realize the presence hundreds small cap cryptocurrencies that are more financially beneficial investments. these smaller cryptocurrencies, while not popular the bigger players, can still very stable and even more profitable. due lack information, investors usually end investing large amounts capital for smaller gains. the popular cryptocurrencies have very high valuation, which typically increases daily. hence, their demand very high. nonetheless, changes these valuations cannot easily predicted therefore investors cannot maximize their investments. result, there desire the marketplace invest assets which have higher rate return overall. there little information available the public about the cryptocurrency market index; which can used make investment decisions and also track the market movements and because this, there needs better solution. page introducing dowcoin dowcoin will created with two specific end goals; make transactions more secure, and give ease access cryptocurrency portfolio diversification. our cryptocurrency token will based the ethereum network and will have the same benefits and technology use cases the ethereum platform. what ethereum? ethereum the second largest form cryptocurrency the world. currently the most prominent altcoin the market today. ethereum open source, decentralized platform, that allows the implementation smart contracts. smart contracts allow users interact trustless environment because the terms agreements automatically transfer assets between parties when certain conditions are met. many trust that this system will replace the current budgetary systems because its simplicity and open access utility. the cryptocurrency "ether" (eth) utilized both for payments the network, and store significant value, similar bitcoin, however with few things note about ethereum comparison bitcoin that it's substantially quicker, and transaction fees are significantly less. leading companies around the world finance (santander, morgan, ing), technologies (microsoft, intel, samsung), and retail (bp, toyota) enterprises are putting resources into this system, and are even moving their entire business infrastructure over blockchain. page new wave cryptocurrency watch out for since when bitcoin was launched, there have been numerous other cryptocurrencies the market that exponentially rise value. based the initial assessment the marketplace, can assume that cryptocurrency utilization will only continue rise and will likely see continued spike blockchain interest levels; along with the further maturing cryptocurrency asset. even though bitcoin the front-running cryptocurrency and accounts for just under overall market capitalization today, the altcoin boom predicted outpace bitcoin the upcoming years. based the elliott wave theory, the prediction posited that the cryptocurrency altcoin markets would increase over billion market capitalization. this marker has already been far surpassed when compared the total market capitalization. recently, the cryptospace has seen unprecedented bull run across almost all coins with the price bitcoin climbing all-time high. this trend seems not stopping and pulling the other altcoins with it. while the bitcoin price increase alone very impressive, many other altcoins such ether, xrp etc. are making even greater leaps and their market caps have increased exponential rates. page many these price jumps happen overnight and can very volatile, although they are all trending upward the whole. while this crazy bull run has pushed the entire cryptocurrency market cap more than billion dollars for the first time according the coinmarketcap. com, the bitcoin dominance rate has sharply fallen the all-time low now nearing this essentially means that altcoins are gaining traction the marketplace. example, barclays' ceo for personal and corporate banking, ashok vaswani, revealed the lender had opened discussions with regulators about adopting cryptocurrencies. "we have been talking couple fintechs [financial technology companies] and have actually gone with the fintechs the fca [the financial conduct authority, the regulator] talk about how could bring the equivalent bitcoin, not necessarily bitcoin, but cryptocurrencies into play," vaswani told cnbc conference copenhagen, denmark. page june, the international monetary fund issued staff discussion note stating that banks should consider investing cryptocurrencies, saying: "rapid advances digital technology are transforming the financial services landscape, creating opportunities and challenges for consumers, service providers and regulators alike." the root cryptocurrency, blockchain technology shows don't need centralized solution for many traditional systems and with "decentralization" the implications are huge. the cryptocurrency economy free all government oversight and monitored peer-to-peer internet protocols. there are now close cryptocurrencies and many hold great potential for growth. augur promising altcoin presenting new concept for decentralized market predictions. steem also holds enormous potential far the most successful decentralized social network. maidsafecoin's price can also skyrocket during the upcoming months supporting new concept crowd-sourced internet. dowcoin, being new player the market will also add the varied types altcoin's available but with the added function being able utilize market forces far more practical and varied way than most the other altcoins. page how will dowcoin work? dowcoin token that represents ownership underlying assets that make the market index. the value this token derived from the existing cryptocurrency assets and expected vary according the values the current markets. the index number and the index coin value indicate the status the market based the performance the top coins any given time. therefore, the coins this index will vary over time, and can replaced severally over each period. dowcoin will only feature coins this index that have been the market and exchanges for the last six months. further barrier entry, our qualifying dowcoin top will have have been amongst the top coins the market cap for least consecutive days. addition, these coins should have active and viable public project scope. through this position the market, dowcoin will dictate due influence the market and the decisions investors. will allow the market naturally self-regulate and promote coins that are less volatile and ensure that investors are diversified for long-term market sustainability. our index will essence become sort default "market maker" like you would have the traditional stock market. which will help bring stability volatile marketplace. page purpose dowcoin key purpose dowcoin promote diversification within the very volatile cryptocurrency market. through this, investors will have the ability invest the entire cryptocurrency space without the problems having coins different wallets exchanges and without the risks betting single coin. the high number coins the market leads some coins having very low value compared others. the goal dowcoin manage index fund the coins that have weighted average the top coins the market. the qualifications top performing coin might subjective but the goal for dowcoin minimize the risks investment and maximize the returns investors might get from their investment achieve this, the creation negatively correlated un-correlated coins that have the highest possible expected return and the possibility replacing coins within the top indexes necessary. with some coins being highly unpredictable, highly correlated and also having non-zero probability unforced failure, there are competing metrics for which investors can optimize portfolio towards maximizing their expected returns versus minimizing unpredictability. therefore, dowcoin has goal maximizing the sharpe ratio, which can described the ratio expected portfolio returns over the portfolios standard rate deviation. page the selection process, simulation millions possible future single market prices conducted, which based the notable historic instability and correlation returns. these figures are correlated using data from the past twelve months. addition, penalty used the new coins with less previous data and also bigger chance impulsive failure use proprietary scoring function; which based the lindy effect. the lindy effect states that future life expectancy probability failure comparative both the existing permanence and health entity interest. this shows that old things tend remain while trends fade more quickly. consequently, those coins that have been the market for longer period and have more historic data have higher likelihood getting the near zero spontaneous failure, while the newer coins the market, which have lower volume, contain higher likelihood instinctively becoming worthless. the probability that coin can fail single day therefore defined the percentage coins circulation, the market cap, sentiment and also longevity. during the simulation process, report generated that contains the maximum expected draw-dawn, expected sharpe ratio, expected return, maximum days return and the expected percentile return loss. optimal portfolio developed the utilization optimization process the use generic algorithm. the portfolio rebalanced after each simulation, through the process up-weighting top performing assets and down-weighting those that perform poorly until the creation optimum portfolio assets through future settings terms maximizing returns and minimizing unpredictability. this portfolio keeps being reweighted order move the new top performers the market and remove the bottom performers from the list. page those assets expected fail due various reasons such fraud hacking are also removed from the list make way for the next best performing coin. rebalancing the numbers the list triggered schedule and information. when there information about the likely failure certain coin, there should rebalancing towards more stable asset. this rebalancing portfolio scheduled occur after every seven days. however, full scope audit and the adjusting the overall index balance set performed annually. dowcoin ethereum the dowcoin logical systems will developed the ethereum blockchain. ethereum smart contract based blockchain that enables the development applications without the headache building independent blockchain, therefore, faster, more reliable and more secure than independent blockchain. such, the token will self-sustaining and can run without any third-party interference. moreover, ethereum ensures that security encryption data the platform providing transparency and consistency with cryptographic verifications. holders this coin will have the opportunity trade other cryptocurrencies and also transact with other online users. the development the technology the ethereum blockchain will help investors have scalability benefits that were not present before. this includes the ability conduct different transactions, receive and transfer assets through the different currencies the market within seconds. page this particularly important when the simulations the assets the market index show changes and investors would like invest the new and successful coins the index. with this technology expected interoperable, investors with any token that follows the ethereum erc standard will position work and transfer assets more easily and with the utmost confidentiality. dowcoin assumes that the popularity coin increases, the market value also rises alongside it. this correlation will translate into predictive returns investment. therefore, our coin can increase value over time and serve investment tool for its users. addition, users can hold, transfer and exchange their dowcoins for other currencies such eth fiat alternatives without the need multiple wallets different currencies. through this platform, investors will have more options for their investment strategies. page since dowcoin cryptocurrency well, will benefit from the following features. why use dowcoins? prevention fraud cryptocurrencies are digital and can't forged turned around subjectively the sender, with credit card charge-backs. prevention identity theft when you give your credit card vendor, you give him her access your full credit line, regardless the possibility that the transaction for little sum. credit cards work "force" premise, where the store starts the payment and pulls the assigned sum from your record. cryptocurrency utilize "push" component that enables the cryptocurrency holder send precisely what she needs the vendor beneficiary with additional data. page immediate settlement purchasing genuine property normally includes various outsiders (lawyers, notary), postponements, and payment fees. from multiple points view, the bitcoin/ cryptocurrency blockchain resembles "substantial property rights database,". bitcoin contracts can composed and upheld dispose include outsider approvals, reference outer actualities, finished future date time for small amount the cost and time required finish conventional asset transfers. access everyone there are approximately billion people with access the internet mobile phones who don't now approach conventional exchange systems. these people are prepared for the cryptocurrency market. kenya's m-pesa system, mobile phone-based money transfer and micros financing administration late declared bitcoin device, with one every three kenyans now owning bitcoin wallet. lower fees there aren't normally transaction fees for cryptocurrency exchanges light the fact that the mineworkers are remunerated the network (disclaimer: this the situation present). despite the fact that there's bitcoin/cryptocurrency transaction fee, many expect that most clients will draw outsider administration, for example, coinbase, making and keeping their own bitcoin wallets. these services behave like paypal improve the ease use factor for lay investors using fiat money credit card clients. page motivation behind the creation dowcoins seven years after the creation bitcoin, have seen the rise another crypto-industry. ethereum has included turing-finish layer accentuate the ideals the currencies amongst the general mish-mash, and has expanded the skyline what conceivable request greatness. thus, has encouraged the creation another synergistic ecosystem. one that guarantees topple business models know them for more efficient systems that are owned the people rather than select few. throughout the years, various endeavors have been made educate the ideals cryptocurrency the public, yet, the selection resources still unimpressive. these companies and undertakings have neglected distinguish and address the principle issues witnessed making mass adoption digital assets conceivable. the core issues remain: security putting away assets bulky and unavoidably individuals store their assets under outsider's control; similar the workings exchange. this defeats one the best properties cryptocurrency and opens them dangers that have predictably turned out cataclysmic. system required that can safely store assets without trade-off terms ease use. page usability. various strides are frequently associated with seeing genuine utilization one's digital assets. client needs wallets, exchanges and records different services. they are required pull back, store, kyc and even end dealing with noticeably novice brokers. system required that disposes these means and offers consistent solution for the uninitiated that can incorporated crosswise over platforms. volatility. compelling individuals utilize unpredictable asset like bitcoin no-go. the general population have talked about and discourages them more than draws them in; leaving nothing left but those individuals the wild side risk assessment. steady, more sorted asset class required. through the kaleidoscopic energy ethereum now have the correct tool make the appropriate account stability solutions for the post-banking era. this new system will guarantee comprehensive solutions these issues while simultaneously outcompeting the customary money partners flexibility, efficiency and straightforwardness. dowcoins deliberately targets and overcomes these issues and will position itself the core the effort encourage the standard adoption the ethereum network. system which will most likely rule this next stage financial history. page token distribution ico dowcoin seeks build platform that will follow the price movements the top largest mined cryptocurrencies. additionally, seeks provide highly valued token that will give investors value estimate underpinned diversity cryptoassets. the same time, will provide information that will help all investors. dowcoin will help those with adept knowledge the cryptocurrency market and those less informed alike, make better investment decisions. this respect, dowcoin seeks raise funds that will used develop the platform and market the platform the cryptocurrency communities and interested investors. will then bring more people board harness the benefits that this information the index cap will bring. with the ethereum technology, users dowcoin will able transact and exchange their tokens instantly when the need arises. additionally, with the expectations that the market still its infancy, holders the token can assured that their investment will also have the opportunity grow. investors able stay connected and informed the changes and expected changes the market, while also making decisions which cryptocurrencies invest in. through this, new cryptocurrencies will have platform grow and attract new target markets. individuals that would normally inaccessible will given the resources thrive the current market. page ico parameters dowcoin will pegged ethereum token total dowcoin distributed will ,,, token distribution will follows management team crowdsale minimum ico goal dow maximum ico goal dow our portfolio will consist the top coins per market cap, which will change after period seven days. dowcoin token will distributed all who purchased after the token sale closed. page timeline idea for dowcoin pre ico start pre ico end ico crowdsale start ico crowd sale end market listing team j.j.kotak satyam agrawal founder ceo blockchain developer canada delhi, india nassim benz austin lane cryptocurrency consultant expert ico adviser/ marketing, ethereum smart contract devs, token making teams designer ico santa monica, united states trois-rivieres, canada page fares akel karimi manyara advisor,venezuela white paper consultant,kenya. electronic engineering student, programming knowledge mcu-pics, python, html, css and recently solidity for development ethereum smart contracts and icos. work with free software tools, especially the linux environment. mainly focus electronic hardware project development. have technical understanding english. additionally, firefighter the volunteer firefighting corps the usb (cuerpo bomberos voluntarios usb) and also participated for several years united nations models university level. williams alfred onen christina czeschik web developer infosec and blockchain advisor, kiwixcompo adamawa berlin essen, north state university rhine-westphalia, germany nigeria hamza atrari zachary fitzner developer full stack, blockchain and product morocco developer, middletown, united states wilson ngari ico, smart contract consultant, usa page conclusion you may able conclude, cryptocurrencies are the next stage global financial revolution. the best course action this point utilize the technology order solve real world problems. with dowcoins, believe can achieve that increasing market stability and investor success rates alike; while fully utilizing the power secure transactions. www.dowico.com