whitepaper draftcoin executive summary btcdraft e-sports and betting platform with fully integrated cryptocurrency exchange and stif focus diversifying coin holder's cryptocurrency portfolio. there are future plans build and host fully functioning online arcade and buying and selling sports memorabilia. the currency which btcdraft will trade with our very own coin; draftcoin, which can bought, sold and held various exchanges, including our own, user's personal wallets held their computers. introduction was strange year for cryptocurrency. saw the irst serious bull market bitcoin; raising the price the coin into the stratosphere where stood for few weeks. the surge invited new people into the market that would not normally give the space second glance; and had great era innovation also had incredible amount scam start-ups and time wasters. for those you that not know, huge amount cryptocurrency was put into non-startups and people that had great ideas but lacked the passion and urgency see their projects through. the market faded were tired watching our investments disappear those that really did not deserve the bitcoin were giving them, and decided launch our very own project, draftcoin. draftcoin was primarily designed to, for once, give power back the investors and users our platform building real, viable, sustainable and ethical platform. designed and built our very own e-sports platform, internal exchange, and arcade platform. the irst its kind built the blockchain. the emphasis this that understand the unforgivingness the cryptocurrency markets, where normal that new users can lose lot, not all their cryptocurrency caution not exerted. wanted safeguard this giving users the opportunity earn more draftcoin competing games and e-sports. too often are new platforms and icos unforgiving their nature, and you have sold all your coins previously then may harder gain them back should market prices increase. you look cryptocurrencies valued the hundreds dollars there's little opportunity 'earn' them back except with lot money lot electricity for mining. you had bitcoins then would incredibly hard, not almost impossible earn them back current prices. our goal make our platform sustainable with our arcade, whilst safeguarding losses encouraging losers participate competitive gaming and e-sports earn their draftcoin back. whitepaper draftcoin you work your way through this whitepaper you will gain insight into our vision and core values that wish represent every stage our existence, you will begin understand that value trust, openness and honesty above all else, and are this project for everyone, and not just ourselves. want everyone win, whilst the same time keeping our project sustainable, with regular draftcoin lowing back the house. encourage losers play more games win more draftcoin. expect faced with many challenges throughout our journey which would like outline below skepticism expect met with skepticism irst. anyone has been involved with anything with gambling previously then they will know that the house always wins the end. the carrot dangled front user's face and they win just enough want win more back, until inally, they have lost all their money. horrible play system, but unfortunately this the way gambling works the world over. expect newcomers, and especially people new cryptocurrency highly skeptical gambling system that claims 'in for the people.' plan tackle this these ways: transparency, honesty, trust you can tell our introduction, are team that has been horribly displaced the past shady icos, anonymous infrastructures, and developers that have given lack the foresight fulil their projects. believe that the solution this creating trust our domain. plan create trust fostering very transparent and honest rapport with our community. whilst most teams enjoy certain amount holding back from their users want transparent possibly can within our legal requirements. doing this our hope that can foster trust our community through long-term relationship delivering our promises. encouraging healthy investing habits responsible gambling and e-sports platform, plan reduce skepticism encouraging users diversify their portfolios with their own cryptocurrency. that way new and volatile users will learn split what they earn win into separate chunks crypto, learn about other projects, and whitepaper draftcoin limit their losses one coin hits the loor. that way users will gain the insight practice healthier gambling the future. this will not forced users, but encouraged, want our platform act gateway into the cryptocurrency world for new investors. sustainability you have been reading through this expect you have already wondered about the sustainability this project. have talked about being 'in for the users' and our main aims are promote healthy gambling and giving coins away ofset gambling losses through gaming rewards. plan take forward-thinking approach implementing these strategies: integrated exchange encourage healthy usage within our community wish have decentralized internal exchange. whilst wish have investors and game-players mixing with wide userbase coins; will collect fees every transaction every currency and this will back the house support our current and future aims arcade gambling platform would not complete without arcade. plan have wide variety games that our community can engage with win prizes draftcoin. the loses, and fees that collect from this platform will straight back into the house; thus, creating feedback loop prizes for gaming, and losses the arcade, fostering sustainability the long term. sports betting whitepaper draftcoin along with our integrated arcade plan have sports betting. players will able bet for and against each other competitive gaming, for which the house will collect fees on. longevity the team aware ever evolving trends and fads. what was popular our platform last year may not currently popular this year. people will grow tired playing the same games repeatedly and will want renewed and fresh gaming content regular basis. this can extremely expensive our end, but plan ofset this several ways: inviting game developers are forward-thinking business and want invite new game developers participate with our vision. the idea that game creators will let use their games for share our platform. for example, users play creators game day, then the developer will paid for hundred usages. understand that game developers will simply not 'ind us' will have out there and actively promote other game companies our ideas and vision. will doing this regularly and aggressively. regular marketing our aim reach the people that have not yet embraced the world cryptocurrency and either sit the fence stay away from due the several thousand marketing emails that hit them through their email inbox every month. plan contact large magazines, cryptocurrency websites, whitepaper draftcoin and spaces that their audiences are unfamiliar with cryptocurrency. plan tackle aggressively and begin bridge very large gap. intuitive writing want reach everyone. and that mean everyone. understand that there's lacking space cryptocurrency; want engage writers that are willing take the technical jargon out whitepaper; hoping give people that wouldn't necessarily understand the technical luf idea what plan do, whilst the same time trying reach hardcore enthusiasts without losing any integrity our explanations. whitepaper draftcoin about draftcoin draftcoin and btcdraft was idea founded several disgruntled crypto-enthusiasts. the idea was taken forward create viable, sustainable, and ethical solution scam ico's, uninterested developers, and unknown hierarchical crypto-businesses. btcdraft provides users the opportunity use their skills games that focus primarily the knowledge arcade and arcade games earn and stockpile draftcoin. integral the very idea btcdraft new cryptocurrency designed speciically for our crypto gaming platform. this will used play games our website and bet our sports betting and arcade; this coin called draftcoin and will identiied with the ticker dft. draftcoin will paired with usd and the price bitcoin luctuates against usd, will the same with dft. protect our users from currency value luctuations, dft will fully trade-able directly btcdraft.com, well many future cryptocurrency exchanges. draftcoin will the irst cryptocurrency have blockchain built top gaming platform. along with using dft the gaming website's native currency, also plan take advantage blockchain technology store player statistics and high scores, and provide the most veriiable high score system possible, and premium gaming experience our users. draftcoin has proudly launched with ico! million out total million dft have been mined and these last million coins will paid out clients staking dft their personal wallets. million coins will purchased and held oline, for use within our future arcade. once dft added tradeable currency third-party exchanges, will buying back available dft replenish the house's supply. draftcoin premined, pos [proof stake] cryptocurrency used exclusively for our platform directly www.btcdraft.com .ca fdft will free version dft only available site. all new users who register btcdraft.com will receive this token. fdft can used play games for free without risk. you will able use fdft various locations within the site like purchasing rale tickets win memorabilia gift cards.