the dragon coin crowd sale december version terminology welcome solving problem the macau gaming market junket dynamics dragon community the dragon platform technology the dragon junket token generation event use proceeds dragon funds restrictions the sale value drivers the dragon pearl the dragon team advisory board governance legal notices term junket private room casino, branded and operated investors who pool funds provide gaming services vip guests. negotiable chip betting chips that can converted cash used for rolling bets earn commission. non-negotiable chip betting chips used for betting and witch not earn commission. rolling commission commission paid gamers when they place bet using negotiable chips. dragon wallet digital wallet which also allows users (i) store drg, dgc and other digital tokens; (ii) perform transactions within the application; and (iii) perform other communication functions. digital currency exchange online exchange platform which digital currencies are bought and sold. global cash machine automated fiat currency machine which allows users (i) withdraw fiat currency from blockchain assets, and (ii) deposit fiat currency into wallets. dragon coin (drg) erc digital currency used medium exchange for goods and services through visa/mc for the purchase dragon global chips. dragon junket branded vip and/or co-operated junket macau which only accepts dragon global chips, and accessible all holders drg. dragon global chip (dgc) digital utility token bought with drg and exchangeable for physical gaming chips dragon affiliated venues affiliate junkets junkets where dragon global chips are accepted, including but not limited the four key junket partners lock period time during which certain categories drg subscribers are prohibited from selling dragon inc. dragon incorporation (bvi) limited incorporated under the laws british virgin islands you are reading this white paper, perhaps can assumed this reflected heavily this white paper, which you will that you have interest dragon inc. and the sale its soon notice has much more about the underlying business dragon coins (drg). driving the tokens and their value than most offerings (are able to) provide. thank you. when drg live, the dragon platform will quickly have dragon inc. has initiated the launch exciting and very healthy daily transactional flow. within only few weeks, highly prospective business that poised become the dragon platform will cryptographically hosting major powerful force for change within its target sector. our business with expected turnover us$ million day. focus dramatically disrupt the legitimate public gaming sector, namely casinos. set out the pages that follow are the details this and how intend build global business with well over what are proud joining the ranks fintech companies considered economically necessary critical mass who are bringing innovative technological solutions transactional flows created drg holders members the tackle existing problems inefficiencies within financial international dragon community. systems. however, unlike many, are not seeking funding for purely technological development. sincerely hope that you will gain good understanding the current problem and how the application our no-frills do, though, very much pride ourselves being able fintech solution brings both significant cost savings well offer our native tokens the market with confidence, many other advantages all stakeholders, and ultimately, knowing that the dragon platform will almost immediately how you drg subscriber would benefit from value drivers serve the needs fully operational and substantial within the dragon inc. eco-system. business. look forward having you join our exciting journey. dragon management team it's very proud moment. the company and its hardworking, dedicated cadre staff and contractors live many countries and span numerous time zones, which has made this truly international and wise counsel. lastly, and most importantly, would like thank advance those who decide take the opportunity purchase dragon coins and doing, help launch what highly prospective business, and one that and the entire dragon team are determined make beacon success." chakrit ahmad, ceo dragon inc. note reader this white paper was originally written and produced english. unless otherwise indicated, translations this white paper into any other language have not been fully reviewed the dragon inc. and accordingly assurance can made the accuracy and completeness such translations. all instances, where there discrepancy conflict between any such translation and the english version this white paper, the english version will always prevail. enter the dragon indeed digitally tokenizing both stake monies and gaming chips and using blockchain record transactions and track tokens, not only presents junkets but also the casinos macau and internationally, with opportunity for step change cost reductions, improved efficiency and higher levels security the management inherent high volume money flows. applying fintech the global casino sector will produce cost savings, improved efficiency, and much more through connectivity with our digital value platform, namely the dragon platform, elite gamers wishing visit junket could easily convert fiat money into digital tokens, that would securely registered blockchain underpinning the platform. numerical representation the tokens held any one time would shown the gamer's smart phone wallet. the current problem hundreds high-roller 'elite gamers' travel macau every week the year play baccarat and other games chance "junkets" vip high-stakes gaming rooms with minimum stake millions dollars which are operated separate cost centers shareholding syndicates inside the resort's top tier casinos. many millions dollars flow across the tables these vip gaming rooms daily and junket organizers suffer exorbitant fees arranging for such high volumes stake monies ready for use vip gamer upon arrival. then, having enjoyed the gaming and the junket's hospitality, their high-roller vip guests incur similarly high fees the repatriation their winnings. whenever necessary, the gamer could effortlessly convert his dragon coins (drg) fixed-value digital dragon global chips (dgc) for use the junket. after gaming, dgc could converted back into drg and further converted fiat money any other digital currency when needed, all demand and via the touch screen smartphone. gamers choose keep stake monies and winnings digital form ready for the next visit the gaming tables, they could so, securely and minimal cost. junket often needs arrange stake money several million dollars hand when each elite gamer arrives macau. the current cost junket making the necessary financial arrangements minimum for the players, they are typically forced suffer fees between %-% for costs related repatriation their winnings. application digital token technology beyond stake monies and winnings the management and tracking individual gaming chips, delivers junkets and casinos with significant financial gains and benefits from improved efficiency and security across their entire 'cash management' system. major junket macau might hosting more than elite gamers any one time, often producing rolling turnover excess us$ million day. with this level play the tables and the constant churn players, the frictional costs suffered both junkets and their discerning elite gamer guests related the positioning stake money and repatriation winnings are both huge and punitive. cost savings the solution wider benefits the advent fintech solutions whereby fiat money can effortlessly converted into digital tokens and then moved instantly within eco-system whilst being securely tracked, and all very low cost, offers macau's junkets highly attractive technological solution that will dramatically reduce their high inbound frictional costs. fact the application fintech the gaming industry has wider benefits. crypto and digital currencies are often associated with the anonymity 'value ownership', problem casinos also face. however, the digital financial platform managed and operated with sound corporate governance and appropriate kyc/aml procedures, then the use digital value tokens within industry such casinos, where use money cash form highly prevalent, can greatly assist the global drive eradicate money laundering and squeeze the black market economy. use the dragon digital financial platform participating junkets and their elite gamers will incur costs much closer than the usual this significant saving that improves junket profitability and releases more stake money gamers. dragon inc. fully committed and focused applying fintech solution with robust corporate governance macau's junkets and their elite gamers. time, the business expected extend supporting casinos both macau and internationally. carry out any review the media output macau and its gaming industry today and you will discover very positive landscape. the reports not only highlight clear trend strong well-fuelled growth traditional sectors, especially vip junkets but, addition, one will clearly sense general air optimism and dynamic energy that moving, broadening and internationalizing the peninsula's gaming industry. gaming macau moving strongly ahead. macau boasts five-star hotels offering rooms (.% the total), which increase guests coming from mainland china (,), the republic korea (,) and hong kong (,) have grown .%, and respectively year-on-year. aug the industry well governed the gaming inspection and coordination bureau (dicj) which licenses all gaming operators, monitors market throughputs and issues forecasts. recent report, dicj announced that gaming win (gross gaming revenue) july was over and stood us$. billion. revenue over the first seven months was us$. billion, these statistics position macau, which already the world's largest gaming eco-system, track surpass us$ billion gaming win over this compares all nevada casinos, which reported collective gaming win us$ billion for sep oct industry insiders are bullish both accelerated growth and sustainability. importantly for dragon inc., sector analysts generally agree that increases vip gamers (junkets) numbers driving the growth. macau's six licensed casino operators are also eyeing international expansion into japan and vietnam. these two highly prospective regional markets offer macau very attractive opportunities for growth and cross-territory synergies. according forbes (oct the japanese government intends complete the legislative process the first quarter that would let casinos operate the country for the first time. 'junket' area room casino leased operators who invest and manage these venues independent profit centers. so-called 'elite gamers' are then invited attend and are fully hosted whilst they play high-stakes games chance. macau such junkets are extremely popular and the game choice high-stakes baccarat. macau junket can often host well over elite gamers each day and operates home country macau fee high roller junket representative agent fee having been invited, having decided, attend vip junket macau, high-roller gamer will inform the junket operators the volume stake money that wishes have available (as credit) the gaming tables. this can many millions hong kong dollars. the readying this stake money achieved the gamer's junket agent vouching for his client. agent junket cashier high roller there are currently more than licensed junkets macau with the top accounting for total vip revenue. international networks agents vet the credit worthiness and suitability high-roller gamers before introducing them the vip junket's operators. agents receive commission from the junket operators for giving credit the elite gamer and they are responsible the junket for any debt collection. expensive and traditional system that carries funding costs and credit risks, which why the typical fee, including commission for the introducing agent, stake volume. incentive have the elite gamer attend, and ease the gamer's cost entry, this stake arrangement cost picked the junket. the top vip junkets account for the total vip stake flows, which, according bloomberg, for suncity group, one the major vip room operators, recently surpassed monthly volume hk$ billion (us$ billion). other major vip junket operators include neptune group ltd, dore holdings ltd, and lao kun group holding company limited (formerly known asia entertainment resources limited). all are fully licensed the macau gaming inspection and coordination bureau (dicj) and several top tier junket operators have group companies listed the hong kong stock exchange. all junket operators must have the support one the territory's licensed gaming concessionaires and sub-concessionaires (major casinos). arrival, the elite gamer will required register for his junket vip card. this done providing telephone number and showing valid passport. confirmation code sent via sms and vip account opened there and then. having activated his account, the elite gamer then signs deposit form have the stake monies (which are already earmarked for him) credited his junket account. this money can then converted into non-negotiable gaming chips. these non-negotiable chips cannot andrew lo, executive director suncity group holdings ltd cashed. instead, the gamer must stake them whilst playing recently forecast upturn business this year over the tables. this forces the gamer 'roll' all the money adding his view, "the growth will continue". (bloomberg, august across the junket tables, which underpins daily gaming volumes. incentive roll, junket operators give the elite gamers rebate their gross stake monies once they complete the first roll. winnings are given the form negotiable gaming chips, which may staked cashed out the cashier's desk. having decided return home with the rewards, the player will once again require the assistance the junket managers. this operation will cost the elite gamer between %-% his winnings. maximum stakes baccarat tables macau vip junket can high hk$ million per play, and daily rolling volumes easily reach hk$ billion, with junket possibly hosting over elite gamers day. most will play baccarat but other games chance are offer. building the base membership the dragon community, dragon inc. will not exclusively focused high net worth individuals and high-roller elite gamers. will quickly build international community drg holders who all help power the dragon eco-system the dragon community will embrace gamers all rungs the expendable income ladder. indeed, the long-term goal broaden and strengthen the dragon community well beyond junkets macau, and well beyond macau itself. the business model and the benefits that the dragon brand will bring casinos and their solid cadres committed gamers, globally applicable. reality, macau and its junkets will serve unusually solid and highly profitable 'proof concept' that can used underpin the global roll out the dragon brand and growth the dragon community. dragon inc. will build and steadily grow community centered digital tokenized value-management eco-system tailored meet the needs casinos and their gaming guests. the initial focus will the niche junket sector macau and some other south east asia countries, where both frictional financial costs and daily cash flows are very high. targeting the junket sector will very quickly provide the platform with both committed users and significant daily transactional cross-platform flows. debit cards and atms support members bridging across from the dragon platform the legacy banking system and fiat money, dragon inc. will issue each member with dragon debit card the global mastercard/visa network. this will allow members draw cash and also settle charges for purchases and services directly from their dragon account. contracted junkets have already signed contracts with four different junket operators macau. over time, the dragon brand will grow through entering into partnerships with many, not all, macau's leading junkets. these junkets, some which are listed the hong kong stock exchange, will greatly benefit from being connected the dragon financial eco-system. will also roll out our own network digital token compatible atms. this will start mid- with these 'global cash machines' appearing dragon junkets and all affiliated junkets and casinos. not only will these partner junkets immediately improve their profitability and efficiency, but they will also benefit from access the dragon community gamers, many whom will very high net worth individuals who are committed and regular gamers. dragon inc. will seek draw together interested actors the sector harmonize cross-industry efforts and standardize protocols. the dragon junket and dgc acceptance dragon-branded hotel/casinos dragon inc. targets being operational licensed junket macau branded the first 'dragon junket' before the upcoming chinese new year four key junket parters will join dragon affiliated junkets end within approximately three years, with the dragon brand well-established macau and spreading through the international casino sector, dragon inc. has plans open the first number dragon-branded hotels and casinos. the 'disruptive' plan own and operate flagship hotel/casino macau that floating, static anchored, eco-friendly and cashless (accepting drg only). the dragon junket has direct access tens thousands elite gamers globally who will ensure attendance and demand for drg from day one. sign confidence, the operators have already committed less than us$ million the project, which constitutes the total supply dragon coins. such unique and world-class, luxury leisure destination would almost certainly become highly popular international gaming tourist attraction and further boost the international image and hospitality extended macau the world. only junkets branded under the 'dragon' brand, and those junkets affiliated with dragon inc., will benefit from the commercial leverage the dragon community. gamers will have member the dragon community (and holder drg/dgc) attend and play the dragon junket and wherever dragon global chips are accepted. the working name for the first proof concept cashless hotel/casino 'dragon pearl' and could operational early however, the reach dragon will extend beyond macau's junket market. expect many casinos macau quickly recognize the merits linking into dragon community membership, many whom will very committed gamers, they will therefore readily welcome and accept conversion dragon global chips their establishments. believe that the prospects for the development strong base upon which build global dragon community are very promising. controlling the dragon addition, the extent that any excess funds are generated the dragon platform from transactions and other fees, rng algorithmic process will initiated the dragon platform expend such excess funds acquire drg which may trading secondary markets. such drg tokens acquired through the burns will destroyed. our ethereum/erc based platform will host the native drg; the eco-system will include dgc, gaming transactional token system membership gives the drg holder the right access the dragon inc., established and registered the british dragon platform with certain privileges and other benefits virgin islands, will develop the dragon platform and even operate casino tables other services within the promote its real-world application. the company will also dragon community. promote platform governance and transparency. dragon global chips dgc the dragon platform will grow steadily within international ecosystem and the dragon community platform addition drg, the dragon platform will securely support users, gaming establishments, gamers and drg holders all family digital utility tokens called dragon global chips: linked smartphone app wallets. 'dgc'. these dgc tokens can purchased converting drg the prevailing market rate. ethereum blockchain erc compliance the first global chip will the dgc-hk, with its value pegged the hong kong dollar, rate dgc-hk hk$.. subsequent dgc tokens the family will carry value that permanently pegged specific fiat currency. the need for dgc arises because the fluctuating nature all value tokens. drg value can rise fall significantly over short period time. the purpose dgc allow users lock certain number chips exchange rate between drg and dgc that they are comfortable with. the dragon platform will securely underpinned the internationally acclaimed ethereum blockchain that will act the immutable distributed ledger backbone upon which dragon will host its complete digital 'cash/token/chip' management solution. drg/dgc internal convertibility members can only acquire dgc conversion drg. gamers will therefore need own drg order buy dgc, which can only exchanged for non-negotiable physical gaming chips the dragon junket any dragon affiliated gaming venue. dragon coins drg the digital heart dragon's ethereum-based platform dragon coins, designated and registered with the token market abbreviation: 'drg'. the dragon coin (drg) native ethereum divisible digital token with decimal places. the total number drg issued million, which will minted, managed and governed the industry's leading erc compliant smart contract technology and associated protocols, all operated over the ethereum blockchain. dragon gamers have the option either receiving cash digital currencies when cashing physical negotiable gaming chips. these operations will undertaken using secure 'gamer-cashier' wallet wallet transfers over mobile data/wi-fi, using secure nfc (near field communication technology). the gamer chooses receive cash, will receive physical fiat money and will responsible for the methods and expenses bringing home that money. chooses receive digital currency, the cashier will perform the neccessary transactions and transfer the desired digital currency the gamer's wallet, net fees (.%). use drg owning drg automatically entitles person membership dragon and grants access the dragon platform. members will entitled certain privileges, including but not limited to, access dragon junkets and affiliated junkets and casinos that have adopted drg. drg holders, dragon platform members, are not entitled any financial rights the dragon inc. any time and memberships not entitle drg holders any distribution profits nor any claim any assets. memberships are not provided with any right redemption. given the anticipated high volume and vast numbers daily transactions dgc, may not appropriate have these tokens the ethereum blockchain. drg tokens act the dragon community's internal digital currency, freely convertible fiat money other major crypto coins, dgc act the community's digital utility tokens, each with fixed value, like virtual gaming chips, and freely convertible and from drg and also non-negotiable physical gaming chips the dragon junket any dragon affiliated gaming venue. dragon debit card buying, selling and converting drg after completion the token sale, drg can purchased every dragon member can opt receive physical dragon with fiat money btc, eth, xrp, lth, through number multi-currency debit card linking their dragon account leading industry-recognized partner crypto-exchanges the global mastercard/visa network atms and vendors. directly through the in-house dragon exchange. global cash machines social wallet the platform will connected network global cash machines (gcms), that will allow members use their dragon debit cards draw fiat cash converting the digital value stored their account wallets (whether held drg, btc, eth, xrp ltc). members will also able deposit fiat money into their wallets gcms. members the dragon community, defined being fully aml/kyc cleared individuals and duly registered with dragon account holders, will entitled use the full functionality state-of-the-art smartphone dragon affiliated 'social wallet' which will help them visualize the number drg, dgc and other forms digital value tokens stored securely their dragon account the ethereum blockchain. the dragon wallet will fully support the holding both drg and dgc. the roll out plan first position gcms every dragon junket and dragon affiliated gaming venue. later, gcms will sited strategically major cities the far east/asean region, and thereafter number major cities globally. drg and btc alt coins global cash machines starting dragon inc. plans position digital token compatible atms all dragon and affiliated gaming venues. these will branded global cash machines (gcms). time, the network gcms will steadily expand that members the dragon community along with holders other major crypto coins will able gain [note: the social wallet scheduled released ready access cash directly from their digital currency december and prior that, members will advised wallets. dragon inc. will seek draw together interested actors the sector harmonize efforts and standardize use secure, erc compatible, crypto-utility wallet] protocols. the dragon platform and dragon community wallet will support the holding and cross-conversion drg btc, eth, xrp, ltc plus other major digital currencies the future. erc fiat currency payment gateway global exchange buy bank counter counter service sell digital currencies dragon coin atm digital currency social wallet physical chip dragon junket dragon global chips erc drg dgc digital currencies visa/mastercard online shopping digital currency machine merchant edc bank atm ethereum how smart contracts work ethereum decentralized platform that runs smart contracts: applications that run exactly programmed without any possibility downtime, censorship, fraud third party interference. these apps run custom built blockchain, enormously powerful shared global infrastructure that can move value around and represent the ownership property. this enables developers create markets, store registries debts promises, move funds accordance with instructions given long the past (like will futures contract) and many other things that have not been invented yet, all without middle man counterparty risk. the project was bootstrapped via ether presale august fans all around the world. developed the ethereum foundation, swiss non-profit, with contributions from great minds across the globe. traditional server architectures, every application has set its own servers that run their own code isolated silos, making sharing data hard. single app compromised goes offline, many users and other apps are affected. blockchain, anyone can set node that replicates the necessary data for all nodes reach agreement and compensated users and app developers. this allows user data remain private and apps decentralized like the internet was supposed work. worth noting that bitcoin was the first support basic smart contracts the sense that the network can transfer value from one person another. the network nodes will only validate transactions certain conditions are met, but bitcoin limited the currency use case. contrast, ethereum replaces bitcoin's more restrictive language scripting language hundred scripts) and replaces with language that allows developers write their own programs. ethereum allows developers program their own smart contracts, 'autonomous agents', the ethereum white paper calls them. the language 'turing-complete', meaning supports broader set computational instructions. smart contracts are usually written solidity, programming language specifically developed for this purpose. then compiled into byte code, which submitted the ethereum blockchain. here will remain active readiness triggered specified event. after that, all nodes the ethereum network will execute it. the ethereum virtual machine (evm) will execute the code and record all approved transactions, and way the principles the distributed node structure and functionality, will create immutable ledger containing transactional data. courtesy the ethereum foundation www.ethereum.org smart contracts can: *function 'multi-signature' accounts, that funds are spent only when required percentage people agree *manage agreements between users, say, one buys insurance from the other *provide utility other contracts (similar how software library works) *store information about application, such domain registration information membership records. based information from coindesk leader blockchain www.coindesk.com let the play begin with the existing junket system, the physical gaming chips issued the cashier's desk the dragon junket will non-negotiable. this means the gamer has stake all his non-negotiable chips the tables. winnings, however, are given negotiable chips, which may staked cashed the cashier's desk for dgc. having our own licensed junket, will secure immediate transaction flow for the platform, driving drg demand before chinese new year dragon inc. will have its first branded dragon junket fully operational and utilizing dragon global chips its only form internal gaming currency. this exclusive branded gaming venue will operated partnership with the operators the largest and most successful junkets macau. dragon inc. and the junket operators are already contracted run the junket and us$ million has been secured (for drg tokens through this token sale) which will the necessary deposit cover stake monies. average daily gaming flows for are forecasted over us$ million from players who are already linked the existing junkets operated dragon's new partners. the main game chance the tables will continue baccarat. the dragon junket will operate similar principles existing junkets, but with some important modifications the standard internal gaming protocols. these rule changes will help stimulate broadening membership the dragon community. unlike the existing junket system, gamers wishing attend the dragon junket will not need register the venue. instead, their leisure, they can become members the dragon community applying online, passing through the registration and kyc/aml procedure and installing dragon community wallet their smart phone. this may done the venue but most members will have done this well ahead arriving the dragon junket. addition, all gamers the dragon junket will receive incentive rebate once they have 'rolled' (staked all their non-negotiable chips. major difference between the dragon junket and traditional junkets that dragon gamers will not face blanket high levels minimum stakes. gaming will possible more modest levels minimum stake. the gamer requires more stake money during gaming session, perhaps overnight readiness for the next day's play, fiat funds the gamer's bank account can used buy drg through the dragon in-house exchange, other exchanges, for conversion dgc. these dgc can immediately used acquire more physical gaming chips. alternatively, the member holds sufficient drg already, then simply matter buying dgc with drg, and getting physical chips for dgc from the cashier order continue play. this very different from the cumbersome procedure traditional junkets, where virtually impossible for gamer, vip otherwise, bring additional stake money without incurring very punitive loan positioning costs, with the whole process taking many hours even days. having played the tables, the gamers the dragon junket will visit the cashier convert their physical gaming chips any digital currency. when done, they are free leave the venue with their holding digital currency securely held their smart phone wallet. the ease, speed and security the procedure for gamers within the dragon junket (and all affiliated junkets and casinos too) will major driver building regular gamer the majority gamers will arrive with drg dgc tokens numbers. addition, the dragon junket will break down their account and showing their smart phone wallets. some the 'elitist' barriers gaming and broaden the base, whilst retaining that all-important exclusivity label. once inside the dragon junket, members can use smart phone nfc protocol (or wallet-to-wallet transfer) the the biggest benefit gamers, and the strongest growth dragon customer service desk sell drg and buy the driver, will the dramatic reduction costs and fees house digital chips, dgc-hk (dragon global chips). these compared the present junket system. costs gamers for have fixed rate value dgc hk$ these dcg-hk the return winnings will drop from the current level between %-%, around very significant saving, will then also appear their wallet. which likely boost business still further releasing having charged their account with dgc, the gamer can additional funds for gamers that they can stake the tables then choose when convert dgc physical gaming chips the dragon junket. for play the baccarat tables. note: playing with physical chips still considered key feature the collective enjoyment, excitement and practical convenience real-time gaming casinos. the dragon breathes million drg will sold through the dragon coin sale, out which has been committed! audit the dragon coin sale supported the level predicted many, destined become one the largest token generation events the history. whilst being accolade, this places higher than usual burden responsibility the dragon team and their advisors. million drg etn illio drg blllion pumi given this, and dragon's overriding principle security and full transparency for drg holders, each erc compliant smart contract linked the ethereum blockchain will subjected independent crypto audits prior the token sale. early drg allocation the maximum number drg that could created capped million, which are allocated follows: founders: advisors: treasury: reserve: token sale: (i) junket partners (ii) early supporters (iii) public sale million drg) million drg) million drg) million drg) crowd sale breakdown junket partners: early supporters: public sale: million drg) million drg) million drg) million drg (private placement) million drg (private placement) million drg total for token sale million drg drg held treasury will used for but not limited to: bonus drg core subscribers, and bonus drg the dragon social fund note: the numbers drg for both the above donations are dependent take core subscriber packages (see for details). drg held reserve may sold subsequent rounds token generation events the market, upon reaching the next milestone. exclusion legal requirements prohibit any participation the dragon coin sale for individuals who are passport holders resident any these countries: united states america republic singapore people's republic china junket partners the main initial driver dragon business the dragon bonus packages: junket, scheduled operational before the upcoming chinese new year. drg holders will benefit from growth addition, each subscriber the public sale will receive immediate gaming volumes the dragon junket. number 'bonus' drg gifted them depending which bonus package below taken up: operate efficiently, dragon inc. will required lodge substantial gaming deposit with the host casino option "bronze package" provide cover for daily gaming the dragon junket. this package requires the subscriber commit eth the dragon junket will able leverage some times purchase drg. whatever deposit put place. this leveraged deposit sum sets the ceiling for gaming volumes. the higher the subscribers who opt for this package will receive bonus 'covered' gaming limit, the more gamers can stake with drg from the treasury's allocation, and the treasury will resulting benefits. also transfer drg the dragon social fund should subscribers opt for this contribution the subscription typically, junkets receive annualized net contribution page. some the average daily gaming deposit (i.e. after funding all routine operational costs). option "silver package" million drg are allocated the token sale for strategic this package requires the subscriber commit .eth partners the dragon junket. this allocation will serve purchase drg. bind the partners' commitment the dragon community. subscribers who opt for this package will receive bonus note: dragon inc. has already fully pre-sold this element drg from the treasury's allocation, and the treasury will the crowd sale. also transfer drg the dragon social fund should subscribers opt for this contribution the subscription page. presale early supporters option "gold package" since the project's inception and early stage development, dragon inc. has received heartening support from within this package requires the subscriber commit .eth both the crypto and the wider communities. many so-called purchase drg. 'early supporters' have expressed solid interest supporting the business and have pledged financial support. subscribers who opt for this package will receive bonus drg from the treasury's allocation, and the treasury will million drg will placed us$ per drg with also transfer drg the dragon social fund should dragon's early supporters. the presale early supporters subscribers opt for this contribution the subscription have started since early november and will continue until page. december notes: bonus packages are restricted one package (either public sale bronze, silver gold) per individual subscriber bonus drg will credited core subscriber's wallets the public subscription component the token sale will within days from close the token sale. run more than one week from december december total million drg will offered .eth per drg and through it, dragon aims gain wide base drg holders. summary presale early supporters summary public sale time: time: december december early november december minimum purchase required during presale drg. million drg will offered the price us$ per drg purchase drg during the presale period not carried out under token sale smart contract. million drg will offered the general public price eth per drg. subscribers can submit their purchase order and make payment the dragon coin sale website www.drgtoken.io. all times quoted are macau local time. project description application digital tokenization over blockchain distributed ledger tokenize the complete management digital gaming chips that will accepted casinos globally, and build community drg holders who will benefit from drg being major digital currency drg holders ticker symbol drg token protocol drg issued and operated under the erc infrastructure public sale start date december macau time public sale end date december macau time price .eth per drg total amount drg created drg tokens percentage held founders percentage held advisors percentage held treasury percentage held reserve percentage sold through token sale accepted cryptocurrencies for the dragon coin launch ethereum (eth) funding the business prudent use token sale proceeds key for sound development the business, safeguarding the future for stakeholders based assumptions that the token sale mllion drg fully sold out and the subsequent token sale saledown out the reserve million drg also completed price less than us$ per drg, dragon inc. anticipates receiving approximately us$ million proceeds from the sale total million drg. the amount expected received enough for dragon inc. start its main operation and purpose servicing high rollers immediately. our intention show our supporters and the community that the business indeed lucrative. the company's full roll out plan includes the following investments and expenses: development operations dragon social wallet and exchange reserve for global cash machines global cash machines marketing/promotion (year deposit for the dragon junket us$ million us$ million us$ million us$ million us$ million working capital us$ million dragon pearl project us$ million years for development and maintenance) (us$ for each gcm total gcms) years for development and maintenance) (major spend quickly ramp member numbers) (pre-engineering design) guarding the gold ring fencing funding separate cells, each with its own governance and usage rules aids prudent and sound financial control working capital funds reserved working capital will initially kept professionally managed porfolio cash, drg and other major cryptocurrencies, and will prudently used support dragon's long-term business goals. below are some possible strategic uses for the funds. (a) deposits building strong eco-system branded and affiliated junkets will require share with our future partners the burden lodging deposits cover gaming stake volumes. such financial support directly benefits the dragon community and drg holders (b) general business development monies from the dragon reserve fund will accessible support general business development and unplanned opportunities build growth. (c) dragon pearl the dragon pearl project (for details, please refer section headed "the dragon pearl") will attract many new participants into the dragon community and will promote our brand internationally. part the working capital might well loaned the project cover any unexpected shortfall change long-term funding structures, and also fund the on-going expenses for set-up and early stage operations. social fund dragon inc. believes strongly that responsible companies should consider the social impact their business and also ensure that they invest back into the communities that help drive their business. our social fund will spearhead our social responsibility programme. the spirit being lucky number chinese philosophy, the founders dragon inc. have directed the charity fund focus eight core issues. support ngos tackling effects gambling addiction wider education young people blockchain and digital currency related technology poverty alleviation the communities dragon has gaming operations illiteracy the communities dragon has gaming operations job creation programmes the communities which dragon has gaming operations general support for the elderly macau asean and far east cultural and educational exchange programmes scholarships for degrees computer technology enter the dragon will quickly build international community drg holders who will all help power the dragon eco-system the founders and management dragon inc. are acutely aware typical market dynamics and token holder sensitivity the weeks and months following any public token offering. there are numerous examples offerings where holders newly acquired tokens have suffered fall back market pricing following token sale for variety reasons. one factor holders heavily discounted tokens choosing take quick profits. whilst the market's attitude and reaction the launch drg beyond the control dragon inc. and its management, sensible measures have been included the token sale structure help shield token holders from early price slippage. indeed, hoped that these mechanisms, combined with the early commencement business through the dragon junket, will long way towards bolstering market sentiment and supporting pressure for upward price movement. dragon inc.'s management fully committed delivering value, especially over the long term, all members the dragon community through solid and strategic development the underlying business. sign that commitment, practical mechanism has been put place way sale restrictions for drg holders who acquire drg outside the public sale. the dragon coin sale therefore includes the following restrictive conditions: drg older category restriction founders maximum holding may sold during year restriction thereafter advisors resale restriction for more than year junket partners maximum re-sale permitted during year restriction thereafter early supporter re-sale permitted for months restriction thereafter public subscribers restriction "one month, one millionaire" air drop built into the plan are number engines that will help drive demand value and positive market sentiment incentive holding drg, the net monthly income from all dragon junkets and affiliated junkets will air-dropped into the wallet one very fortunate drg holder through algorithmic random selection. not only will dragon rewarding drg holders, but will also essentially creating new high roller every month. dragon inc. will use with any community, members participate for number the profit buy drg exchanges and air drop reward reasons and for range benefits ('value'), both drg tangible and intangible. members the dragon community will doubt each view their membership and participation being beneficial them ways that are very personal. some might see benefit holding drg with obvious intention visiting dragon gaming venue the short medium term. others might value the opportunity use dragon safe way enter the modern world digital currencies and have wallet their smart phone linked widely accepted dragon debit card. some might place greater value that sense pioneering spirit that led them early association with promising start-up. whilst others, who might significant slice the membership, might view becoming member and holding drg valuable means end namely convenient and low-cost gaming. dragon inc. fully mindful this broad spectrum differing value drivers for members the dragon community. therefore the business model and the token sale within that, contain range mechanisms that variety ways, directly indirectly, reward members for their loyalty and participation. this will happen based coin ownership the day each month macau local time. the air drop will start three months after the commencement operations. expansion dragon gaming venues dragon inc. committed the dragon junket and four affiliate junket being operational based the current plan, second dragon junket and least four more affiliate junkets will operational macau end dragon global chips the intention over time steadily expand the user base dgc across the entire international casino industry, which will require many more gamers buy drg. global cash machines the roll out 'crypto-friendly' global cash machines that support the cashing out drg will benefit drg holders and the token economy and business plan contains value assist making drg digital currency choice beyond the drivers for drg holders and the wider dragon community sphere the gaming community. that support strong demand pressure acquire and hold drg. cashless hotel/casinos availability drg the much anticipated flagship dragon pearl hotel/casino macau will the first planned chain cashless environthe token sale contains lock for some categories ments where gamers and guests will require drg pay for drg holders. this will impact the supply side drg until dgc, chips, accommodation, goods and services. all lock ups have been served. digital currency status burning drg although drg being born out need the elite gaming sector, holding drg does not compel holders ever enter dragon gaming venue. the trust that will developed the market the dragon coin gives scope for drg become the burn will funded using part the net monthly widely accepted and trusted major digital currency. income the month two months prior from the dragon junket and the affiliate junkets. commencing three months after the beginning operations, the company will begin drg burn programme. the dragon pearl hotel/casino set transformative hospitality concept boasting luxury guest rooms and suites, restaurants and retail spaces, pool, spa and sports facilities, well ample car parking. full international -star standard guest rooms double occupancy square metres gaming floor special interest the dragon community will the square meters dedicated floor space for gaming. marina and pedestrian walkways applying state-of-the-art marine and offshore engineering techniques, all this will designed into diameter floating construction, anchored close shore with vehicle and pedestrian causeway. the first preferred location macau. natural swimming pools several restaurants, bars and shops high spec gymnasium and spa also planned make the dragon pearl cashless hospitality complex, where everything paid for using digital tokens. drg and dgc will the only permitted in-house transaction digital currencies. 'swimming ring' shape floating pontoon, concrete construction the hotel will designed the highest safety standards and levels environmental efficiency. will one the most eco-friendly habitable floating eco-systems the world. multi-storey superstructure floors below water level full safety/environment/securty spec the facility will energy-neutral (worst case) and self-sustaining terms heat and power. will also have its own desalination and waste-recycling plants. self-sufficient power generation dragon inc. entered into contractual mode august and has held discussions concerning outline specification and design. the focus now gaining provisional clearance from the authorities macau before cementing the investment and moving the next stage. renewable energy sources relocatable required assuming the necessary approvals and construction planned, the expected opening early-mid chakrit (chris) ahmad founder ceo the dragon inc. ahmad seasoned ceo and serial entrepreneur with broad leadership expertise across technology, software, listings and m&a. with over years executive experience, has proven success building and managing large opportunities through project design, implementation and completion. his negotiation skills extend not only other global c-level and private sector decision-makers, but also has extensive background working with top government and ministerial officials achieve project goals. with ahmad's track record crafting technology solutions bring success and development new industries, surprise that leads the dragon inc. revolutionising the gaming and hotel industry with blockchain, cashless payments and social benefits for the gamer well industry leaders and the societies they work in. paul moynan co-founder business development mr. moynan global entrepreneur and operations expert, with two decades success high-level projects including governments, high net worth families and her majesty's royal marine commandos. his keen acumen for business and project execution has led him develop significant portfolio industry-leading companies. the companies range from blockchain technology development,. and cutting-edge healthcare innovation, security and gaming. has served advisor many offices the president african states well personal advisor number families across the middle east. mr.moynan brings wealth top level expertise dragon inc. and its development into world-leading blockchain ecosystem. panchat chayutthana director business development and finance dragon mr. chayutthana brilliant young mind with experience and archivements well beyond his age finance and securities, well business development. graduating the age with degree biotechnology, participated research programme germany. then continued pursue master's degree finance and graduated from san francisco's hult international business school the age now course complete ph.d economics the age his work experience started with position investment consultant for trinity securities public company limited which held licenses for capital assets and derivatives. was then recruited work for apple securities public company limited deputy manager investment banking. with several years experience the finance industry, mr. chayutthana was invited join the dragon team director business development and finance, which has helped bring about the partnership structure well the operations structure with key business partners crucial the success the dragon inc. yobie benjamin chief technology officer yobie benjamin filipino entrepreneur, technology pioneer and international speaker. benjamin globally acknowledged thought leader the areas wearable computing, crypto-currencies, payments, information security, machine learning and artificial intelligence and software development. benjamin has always been ahead the curve seeking push the boundaries design, technology, human interface and experience. accepting the cto position with dragon benjamin said, "the physical gaming and casino environment provides rich laboratory and platform for some computer science's most vexing problems. recognizing undesirable players using some the most complex capabilities computer vision, facial recognition and machine learning; analyzing body movement, facial cues and ticks recognize player collusion critical building customer trust." benjamin also brings years experience global payments, crypto-currencies and intimate understanding business and compliance issues such kyc (know your customer), aml (anti-money laundering) and anti-terrorism and tracking systems. will leading global team select technologists deliver world class gaming experience. dr. alen siy chief financial officer dr. alen siy medical doctor, world class businessman and finance expert. dr. siy has built some the most successful global defense industry franchises asia. has built solid reputation financial genius acting both cfo and ceo several defense related businesses including bushmaster firearms, heckler and koch, nampo-talley and accuracy international. his expertise ranges from general management, gaap anti-terrorist and surveillance/security systems. nick spanos nick spanos founded the nyc bitcoin center, square foot space right next the nyc stock exchange. the chief executive officer for blockchain technologies corporation and has demonstrated strong history working the computer software industry. skilled grassroots organizing, sales, e-commerce, bitcoin, and entrepreneurship. nick global blockchain pioneer who sits the board the synapse foundation. was amongst the first kickstart the american blockchain community, with his technological flair and entrepreneurial spirit, has pioneered numerous blockchain applications, such voting technology, blockchain security and next generation wallet technology. nick has recently received much attention for his part the "banking bitcoin" documentary netflix. las choi las choi experienced junket operator and advisor. his first casino exposure began his home country south korea. successful management casinos allowed him also hold equities casinos. later expanded his portfolio investment and management macau which the largest gaming city the world. mr. las currently high net worth investor and advisor many casinos and junkets primarily macau and other gaming cities globally. dean cannell dean the founder ceo coinfabric.com, firm which helps blockchain enabled companies raise funds through token sales. before starting coinfabric, dean spent years helping traditional technology startup companies from idea funding acquisition. dean's experience includes business strategy, internal governance, technology product positioning enable growth. christopher cannucciari chris has long career documentary filmmaking, beginning his time vice news working the creators project. today heads viceland's rated show, desus and mero. most recently he's premiered his feature documentary bitcoin and cryptocurrency, "banking bitcoin." "banking bitcoin" was extensively researched, three year process which premiered the number one position itunes early currently featured documentary netflix. directed all aspects the production, from the concept the production and post production. alongside short form and feature length documentary filmmaking, chris has directed global commercial and content campaigns for brands such kia, gq, nike, reebok and oakley. brittany kaiser ms. kaiser leader development and promotion cutting edge technology, having spent her career supporting companies, governments, and international organisations adoption and integration. her expertise began data-driven political campaigns and projects for federal government departments. kaiser has also represented countries trade and investment promotion initiatives, encouraging private sector collaboration development emerging markets. currently kaiser director business development cambridge analytica (ca), where she leads identifying and driving growth new projects, such helping blockchain companies using predictive modelling target investors for token sales. early promoter blockchain technology, she holds multiple advisory roles for high-level blockchain projects asia and latin america. samuel mcculloch samuel founder smart ico investor and consultant for blockchain startups, former futures and options trader who worked for several funds before moving into crypto space and starting ico investment fund for private investors. has provide consulting services for several icos already, including botgaming and brickblock. graduate the university st. andrews has since lived russia. samuel focuses business models, token structure and messaging. dean anastos dean anastos expert blockchain, token sales and smart contract development. his experience finance and programming serves the perfect background for founding fintech companies. dean has founded number companies, including mortgage float, which online exchange for non-performing bank assets and blockchain developers which specializes developing complex smart contracts and launching icos. dean also equity partner and the advisory board for the ico for vectorzilla. max garza max garza blockchain investor, trainer and ico advisor. co-founder and managing partner for bitfundza, one the largest bitcoin crowd funding platforms globally. co-founder and chief operations officer aai global solutions, providing financial services for international clients. equity partner for vectorzilla, lead ico and blockchain r&d advisor for dragon coin, focusing cross chain atomic swaps. equity partner dionysus. studio, hollywood blockchain advisor and producer for mad acting studio los angeles, california and co-owner blockchain research and development llp india. abdul qaiyoom abdul blockchain investor and decentralized technology expert, with years' experience business planning, management (it) and creative direction. ceo allies interactive services pvt. ltd. (the world's largest micro-stock graphics content creation distribution company) which has helped explosive startups including shift.com (formerly indiereign), ravebuild.co.nz, diziana.com, mico stock.in. co-founder vectorzilla.io (blockchain based driven micro stock graphics platform) and social advocate for "parivartan", social welfare charity. anna hazlett anna has years experience strategic business development advisor leading business owners, family businesses, start-ups and entrepreneurs across asia, africa and the middle east. with demonstrated history working the financial services industry, hotel real estate, private island development, fintech and serial entrepreneur herself, anna ideas specialist with future focused approach. proven leadership capability and strong business development initiative working global growth markets well developed economies. anna driving new initiatives forward areas financial inclusion, the application emerging technologies (blockchain, smart contracts, iot) and digital business transformation. anna graduated with first class joint honors business management south east asian studies from the university leeds, and the international baccalaureate diploma from united world college, south east asia. jit singh jit singh infrastructure expert. has robust financial industry background: trading floor project management and eventually partner technology company where security the mission. partnered with major technology companies such microsoft, cisco, and dell. chief information officer dionysus. studio ico being launched soon and partner with blockchaindevelopers.org which specializes developing and launching icos. jit also equity partner for vectorzilla, ico that incorporates deep learning and vector platforms, which launching india vlatko gigov vlatko gigov expert telecommunications, platform service, blockchain ecosystems and token economics. his previous endeavors has managed development teams across the world mobile app development, platform service and blockchain development. has worked multiple technology and telecommunications startups. former officer for economic affairs permanent mission the united nations geneva working directly with the un, wto, wipo, itu, ilo and other organizations. has been advising and developing multiple non-profit foundations abide the sustainable development goals. one the main social benefits the dragon eco-system the contribution improved governance within the casino sector. every person the dragon community (holders the drg digital currency) will have passed through kyc/aml screening conducted highly reputable and specialist due diligence company (identity mind global) arm's length dragon inc.. the whole community gamers will therefore legitimized terms identification, something the traditional system lacked. the ecosystem will therefore have within the immutable record all transactions conducted all wallets belonging members the dragon community. dragon inc. fully respects the privacy its members the identity the wallet holders will not publicly available, however, the dragon inc. will fully comply with any legal request from relevant authorities regarding identification wallet holder, should the need arise. our business plan line with governments' general trend towards cashless society where all value clearly identifiable and fully recorded. addition identity and fiscal governance, dragon inc. extremely serious its desire operate high standard regarding social responsibilities and have established the dragon social fund with clear directives target through multiple funding channels, ngos, well social and educational development agencies that are actively and successfully engaged building capacity within casino related industry and certain carefully identified sectors society and communities where dragon inc. operative. dragon inc. committed coherent management system aimed maximizing the interests all its stakeholders. important ownership drg during the token generation event carries rights express implied. purchases drg are non-refundable. purchasers should have expectation influence over governance the platform. participating the sale drg, you expressly acknowledge and represent that you have carefully reviewed the terms and fully understand the costs, and benefits purchasing drg and agree bound these terms. set forth below, you further represent and warrant that, the extent permitted law, you are authorized purchase drg your relevant jurisdiction, are legal age bound these terms, and will not hold drg, its parent and affiliates, and the officers, directors, agents, joint ventures, employees and suppliers drg our parent affiliates, and any other member the issuer (collectively the "issuers") now the future liable for any losses any special, incidental, consequential damages arising out of, any way connected to. the sale drg. while the issuers will ensure its reasonable availability assist purchasers drg during the token generation event, the dragon team will not responsible any way for loss drg any similar type online/digital/virtual token cryptocurrency, resulting from actions taken by, omitted purchasers. you not have the aforementioned experience expertise, then you should not purchase drg participate the sale drg. not purchase drg you are american, chinese, singaporean. purchases drg must not undertaken individuals, entities, companies who are citizen of, residing in, resident of, the united state america, the people's republic china, and the republic singapore. any agreement between the issuers and the purchaser, and relation any sale and purchase drg tokens (as not purchase drg you are not expert referred this whitepaper) governed only dealing with cryptographic tokens and block- separate document setting out the terms and conditions chain-based software systems. (the t&cs) such agreement which can found the dragon website www.drgtoken.io the event any inconpurchases drg should undertaken only individu- sistencies between the t&cs and this whitepaper, the als, entities, companies that have significant experience former will prevail. with, and understanding of, the usage and intricacies cryptographic tokens, like bitcoin ("btc"), and blockchain based software systems and services. purchasers have the sole responsibility ensure that they have functional understanding storage and transmission mechanisms associated with other cryptographic tokens order ensure that they understand the risks associated with the token generation event.