infrastructure platform for gaming and esports whitepaper table contents abstract market overview problem solution product strategy dreamteam token growth and support technological stack competitor analysis token sale use funds, token distribution team advisory board lead investor partners contacts sources abstract presently, gaming one the largest entertainment markets the planet. it's $bn industry, covering the world's population, i.e., .bn people competitive gaming, thin line between gaming and sports, has emerged which players pit their skills against one another online. already has over users concentrated around the top- most competitive titles like counter-strike, league legends, dota and overwatch, etc. esports, today, has emerged from competitive gaming that is, when players compete against each other computer games professionally. esports one the fastest-growing digital markets with annual growth rate. its opportunities are endless: esports will have over enthusiasts and viewers which all gamers, and will become the sport the future. the market has produced spectacular infrastructure around the professional and semiprofessional ecosystem, specifically for tournaments and spectating. this where dreamteam comes into play the first professional network for gamers and esports enthusiasts, literally, linkedin for gamers. are the platform for hundreds millions gamers who want find friends, improve skills, manage clans, and earn money. market overview gaming market just some years ago, the gaming industry was taking its first steps developing market with yearly revenue under $m. back the 's, played everlasting hits like super mario, legend zelda, doom, duke nukem, and half-life all immensely entertaining despite their limited single-player mode. but playing against your computer could never compare the level engagement and challenges when faced real opponents. the evolution the internet and technology progressed, the era multiplayer gaming began, and the gaming market rapidly expanded. today already encompasses people and continues grow. each year will continue growing, covering more and more the yet claimed audiences. perspective, the gaming market revenue was $bn $bn and projected slowly grow year-over-year and reach $bn with cagr the gaming audience growth showing similar signs steady but slow growth with cagr and .bn viewers .bn and projected .bn the growth rates remain the same. competitive gaming major part the gaming industry the core competitive gaming and large part the gaming market competition between players teams online multiplayer games. remember that users are registered the top- competitive titles alone. eight out ten titles are team-based games like counter-strike, league legends, dota world tanks, and overwatch; all played -on- -on-. traditional sports, team-based games are far the most popular for their intense visuals and interest for the viewers. and with its growing popularity, esports spanning not only across the market but consoles and mobile markets well. indeed, consoles have variety competitive titles such call duty, star wars battlefront ii, and battlefield that have considerable fan base. for example, call duty sold over game copies, which equates roughly $bn. mobile gaming has gone from the smallest segment the largest gaming market the world. clash clans has over daily active users who enjoy playing the go. vainglory one more competitive mobile video game that left its beta with over active users. and the majority players both games are teens and young adults. the company behind clash clans, supercell, generated billion revenue and profited million last year. just think about it, the billion-dollar gaming company worth more than linkedin, airbnb, and twitter combined. this market has enormous casual base date has mainly been underserved from community perspective. should also consider the potential the gaming market, which rapidly developing and expected reach its full potential years. the vr/ar market was only worth $m, and had already surpassed $bn. that's ten-fold growth just three years with the potential hit $bn revenue provided that few "killer apps" are created. esports fans are significant buying force vr/ar hardware and games. actually, according newzoo research, esports enthusiasts are planning buy something connected the next six months. and all buyers are, least, casual esports viewers. the number people aged who play esports pretty much equal those who play traditional sports like ice hockey and baseball. the younger population keen embrace the digital age, and vr/ar technological advances only support the growing trend. may soon like the movie tron: legacy, where the full physical and intellectual capacities become combined and lead new world with virtual stadiums and augmented reality for viewers. the dedication and number fans striving become amateur pro players are outstanding indeed. nearly half the core players are engaged competitive activities such ranked matches (matches with unique ranking system) some mini/amateur tournaments. they want know more about the reality professional gaming players, teams, and tournaments. the top competitive titles, the numbers are even higher: according the opensource stats site steamspy.com, there are registered users dota with unique active monthly players with over them playing hours month. the same with counter-strike: global offensive its unique monthly players, play hours month. this pressing issue for amateur players that has yet resolved, out league legends players, for example, want compete professionally, yet have clear way doing so. esports market revenue and audience esports the realm competitive gaming, meaning that people are making living competing video games. one the highest potential markets the planet within the hardest reach the audience aged the current esports market has revenue $bn with active audience nearly making average revenue per user, who are willing not only watch but actively participate and make living with esports. furthermore, the compound annual growth rate staggering ,%. the same time, this market limited the top players and about teams, who together hold the biggest share money esports, namely, the sponsorships and media rights sales pie, advertising revenue, merchandise and tickets and ingame publishers fees. these figures, well the rise celebrity esport personalities, have driven the casual spectator market into millions streams per event. the league legend finals regularly attracts more massive viewership than the super bowl. like any traditional sport, this growing audience wants participate well watch. the esports market revenue was $.bn and projected grow $.bn with cagr. the esports audience also growing fast with audience and could reach with cagr. from the historical perspective, modern esports first emerged and remained the so-called "dark ages" until that time, was underground movement with prize pools usually amounting case beer. the total revenue esports that time was just around $m. the years what one might call the "renaissance" esports happened. that's when esports became widespread movement, alas unstructured one, with the entire market worth around $m. esports rose fame and became global phenomenon with revenue. that time, esports began seriously challenge and, times, even exceed traditional sports terms popularity. prize pools were reaching some instances. are now the verge breakthrough traditional sports have reached their peak all the while more and more young adults and teens are actively pursuing competitive gaming their key pastime. many believe that esports titles will soon officially included part the olympics, with their overall revenue exceeding $bn. and the esports olympic dream growing ever closer. february intel brought amazing gaming experiences pyeongchang ahead the olympic winter games the intel extreme masters (iem) season xii. the event hosted the esports tournament "starcraft(r) ii," which was open any player, any level via global online qualifiers. noteworthy that the event was held with the support the international olympic committee (ioc). the future looks positive the olympic channel has started engaging with the young audience through esports. with budget million, was created the international olympic committee ensure the year-round interest the olympic movement and attract younger viewership. according the channel's executive director, yiannis exarchos, the rise popularity competitive gaming cannot ignored. and talks about allowing esports part the olympics are ensuing. comparison esports market with sports market terms the players, teams, tournaments, and gaming structures, esports very similar traditional sports. but why invest esports over the traditional sports market? current landscape while the traditional sports market far one the largest markets with .bn audience and $bn revenue, it's very slow growth seems have hit ceiling. the sports market highly regulated, and its growth rate not like used years ago, are immersing further and further into the virtual gaming world. and esports has all the prerequisites become the biggest sport the planet. esports the sport the future? the pressing question is, how many youngsters actually play traditional sports such football, tennis, hockey regular basis? some them probably do. you ask around, you will amazed the fact that out youngsters actively play video games. those, out are playing competitive titles, creating massive audience eager find way begin the road professional esports glory and monetize their play. this growing trend going turn esports into the most popular sport our planet. already have over ,bn people that play online competitive video games pc, mobile, vr, and consoles. and being successful competitive gaming all the rage: getting seat team large stadium and winning tournament what players long for most. indeed, esports popular that the years total people watched esports tournaments. comparison, the nba finals only had viewership around top that, esports has several unique opportunities that everyone trying exploit, like creating brand new league, which virtually impossible these days the highly regulated traditional sports industry. developers, for instance, are rushing create closed championships and leagues, like the nhl nba. riot games, the owner league legends, has created closed ecosystem that mimics such traditional sports leagues: there are six regional leagues (korea, china, eu, na, taiwan/hong kong/macao, sea), and the top- placing teams each region get spot the world championship, which very similar the championship league football. esports events awarded over million prize pool money, according esports earnings. this big jump from last year, where esports teams and players earned total million the buy-in price join the league legends league north america million per team, depending the team's track record. and the process highly selective: from around applications willing shell out millions. the league owner riot games, created very narrowed down shortlist. for example, they decided that the league would not expand and instead remain just ten teams. valve, owner cs:go and dota turn, chose create open ecosystem, where any team can take part open tournaments with the top teams progressing the closed regional qualifiers. dota for example, winners those qualifiers can partake over minors with prize pool and later majors with prize pool each tournament. based the results each tournament, teams get qualification points, and shortlist created for the main event with much prizes for grabs. for cs:go, there are minors and majors, well over smaller tournaments worldwide. apart from the official valve sponsored tournaments, esports players, can partake thousands tournaments that not offer qualification points serious prize money. the cs:go tournaments are becoming more popular, eleague was created and officially launched which now the premium esports tournament and content brand formed partnership between turner and img. leader the delivery live event experiences, eleague content, regularly showcased tbs and widely distributed across digital platforms, including twitch, youtube, and eleague.com. over its first two years, eleague has produced and staged three season-long competitions featuring counter-strike: global offensive, along with the first-ever overwatch(r) open. another notable mention goes the overwatch league, created blizzard. divided into two regions: pacific and atlantic. each region, there are six participating teams that represent cities: seoul, london, shanghai, etc. the league franchised, and the price for spot varies from million dollars. within the framework the overwatch league, prize fund $.m will drawn, and the season will divided into several stages. subsequently, all teams the overwatch league will acquire their own arenas their hometowns, where they will conduct "home" matches. contrary the above-mentioned video games, blizzard created the overwatch open league open division, which players with high player rating can participate. it's also worth noting that the olympic council asia will adding esports events the and asian games jakarta, indonesia, and hangzhou, china. wonder that substantial investments are pouring into esports. for example, tencent, the world's largest game developer and the owner riot games and supercell, has revealed its five-year investment plan into esports $.bn create and complete within new leagues, tournaments, and associations. additional financing for esports nearly $bn came from the hands amazon, which acquired twitch, live video game streaming site. twitch significant force the web accounts for nearly all traffic the u.s. with over billion minutes content, with users spending average unparalleled minutes day the site. turn, espn, which had previously covered esports via live streaming, television, and print coverage, launched new online resource with in-depth news and research dedicated the world competitive gaming. such games league legends, dota and counter-strike: global offensive will covered par with traditional sports mastodons like the nfl, nba, and mlb. and that's yet another step towards the mainstream acceptance professional video gaming. clubs like paris saint-germain, philadelphia ers, miami heat, schalke spartak, roma, valencia, and manchester city have already joined esports. one the most prominent esports deals traditional sports team the dallas cowboys acquisition complexity gaming. the dallas cowboys are worth billion, which makes them the world's most valuable sports franchise. the purchase complexity that fields teams different competitive esports and have won titles since its founding another step create universal competitive brand spanning across industries. another team the new york yankees, the second-highest valued sports franchise the world and not too far behind with investment vision esports. the opportunities are endless: esports will have over enthusiasts and viewers which nearly all gamers. but even now, esports enthusiasts constitute significant gaming force with above-average household incomes. and yet, despite all these facts, its market pool still extremely low esports arpu just compared arpu traditional sports. believe largely due the lack infrastructure for the casual esports audience. many other issues need addressed the esports industry make truly competitive with traditional sports. let's have look the key esports problems and the solutions dreamteam offers overcome them and make esports globally attractive venture with limitless monetization options. problem solution the esports industry constantly growing but has low arpu, especially compared traditional sports. has huge potential for monetization that presently hampered three key problems that are discussed below: insecurity and fraud problem not receiving compensation for your success isn't fair any standard. but that's exactly what's happening esports, where teams, tournaments, and sponsors are guilty multiple accounts non-payments and fraud. when players risk their hard work for nothing return, esports business suffers. sponsors are also facing the same issues they lose money when team does not deliver. even signed contract does not guarantee that team won't collapse, drop its best players and squander media coverage. this has far amounted millions dollars losses sponsors and advertisers. and this happening all over europe, asia, and the us. solution dreamteam addresses this problem providing fast and secure payment system, just like paypal. and with the esports industry being digital, perfect place apply the blockchain and smart contracts technology. this way can ensure the payout all prize-money, players' salaries and transfers, sponsorship and advertising deals. for example, sponsor signing deal with team sets specific kpis smart contract, such the number attended tournaments with the company's logo, mentions the team's social media channels, etc. all these parameters were impossible automatically record and check before. but with dreamteam, you will able easily track players' and teams' performance through apis, monitor when, with whom, and with what kind branding they completed, well the popularity the team. smart contract, can put down all the requirements and guarantee that teams, players, and sponsors are satisfied with the outcome. furthermore, the money only released when all the requirements set the smart contract are met. the same true for tournaments, where teams sign smart contract with tournaments' organizers. dreamteam can track match ids and provide prize money payouts immediately after the tournament ends. will also offer advanced threefactor authentication ensure zero fraud double-checking stats top esports sites such hltv.org verify our data. dreamteam also uses the oracle network secure smart contracts and guarantee the fairness results. market fragmentation problem all the esports market participants have single go-to marketplace make advertising sponsorship deals, transfer players, search for tournaments. and everything has done manually; all-in-one database absent. for example, gamers are faced with many challenges when creating esports club team: people recruitment, creating bank account, doing all the legal paperwork, and dealing with variety third-party services. millions gamers want spend money develop their teams, hire coaches, psychologists, and other supporting personnel, but don't want all manually. therefore, there are only around pro teams globally that have gone all the way and can earn top dollar esports. and this leads lots time and effort spent development. this, turn, causes significant decrease market growth. solution dreamteam connecting all the market players under one roof and acting entry-point for esports and competitive gaming: from professionals (players, coaches, analysts managers, etc.) teams, tournaments, and businesses (sponsors, platforms, and advertisers). for teams, are offering recruitment functionality, with options search and analyze players, their ranking, game stats, and tournaments played. are also providing management tools practice games, tournaments, and performance tracking, well for analytics tools develop teams. limited universe and possibilities problem very limited market universe enter, the stakes are too high for ook+ small and medium-sized advertisers and sponsors that are willing promote their brands and products. millions gamers and teams don't have clear cut-point due the absence business tools for team management, recruitment, analytics, sales, marketing, etc. there database and uniform system connect sponsors and advertisers with the esports teams. solution dreamteam provides every possible tool for esports mass adoption and unlocks $bn market for hundreds millions gamers and thousands advertisers and sponsors. product strategy dreamteam the first infrastructure platform for gaming and esports that solves problems for hundreds millions gamers who want find teammates, improve skills, manage clans, earn money and rewards through skill validation. development strategy dreamteam will used the esports and gaming industry, will have created teams, and with the help blockchain and smart contracts technologies will act secure party for all financial operations the gaming and esports market. dreamteam the platform for gamers who want to: find the easiest way source players, friends, teams, clans, and tournaments manage the ultimate tool for clan management, roster management, and scheduling challenge participate dreamteam challenges challenge other players, influencers, and your friends socialize get the content that you really need and share what you want dreamteam provides rich gamer experience certain games via building lots modules such as: unified profile home player's inner gamer, the place connect games and social platforms (twitter, discord, youtube, mixer, twitch), and show off your gaming reputation. game stats allows users track their progress over time. player and clan recruitment allows teams find and recruit players and players find and apply teams clan management tools clans can recruit new members, show off members' results challenges, post info the media section, create and share content with their members, manage the clan calendar adding reminders for practice, tournaments, and events, etc. player and clan challenges daily challenges allow users compete against the community win cash prizes and profile badges skill validation single place for gamers find all the needed info: skills, reviews, ratings, achievements, etc. imagine going imdb read about movie and then having use additional websites see reviews, rate the movie, and view cast info. dreamteam puts all the gamer's info one platform. toxicity control reputation rating and gamer reviews smart contracts the collision blockchain technology and gaming holds great promise for the growth these industries. blockchains provide useful tool for gamers for various reasons, including decentralized asset exchanges, verifiable scarcity virtual objects and collectibles, fast and secure payment networks, and ability for developers properly monetize their creations. dreamteam token the only intra-platform dreamteam currency. every transaction the platform will require the use dreamteam tokens. token application fully supported the blockchain technology and can used for: player team/coach/manager compensation player transfers sponsorship and media rights sales advertisement sales prize money payouts team merchandise sales team blockchain memorabilia team pays bonuses/salary player tournament pays prize money based performance based team placing team sets monthly media marketing kpi for the team sets monthly performance kpi for the team manager sets monthly media marketing kpi for the player kpi auto-check after time period tournament coach receives prize money based winning place participates tournament dreamteam fee received team sets monthly performance kpi for the player player prize money automaticaly distributed amoug all players receives bonus/salary based kpi results player smart contract services examples based the dream token dreamteam uses simple fee-based economy when comes smart contracts. every time user makes transaction, fee applies. this fee can paid either dream tokens fiat currency (for fiat-backed smart contracts). dreamteam spends the collected fees buying dream tokens from exchanges, these tokens are locked dreamteam reserves for future partnership development. example the smart contract can team-player compensation smart contract, which regulates financial agreement between team and player. dreamteam has already tested and validated this approach within the trickle decentralized agreements service, which allows for the creation hourly-based agreements any ethereum-based tokens (including stablecoins). dreamteam will either use stable asset (stablecoin) dream token establish smart-contract based agreement between two parties, helping them transact ethereum network using the dream's token delegated transaction feature. users will either able pay fees for their transactions dream stable asset they are using for the smart contract transaction. dreamteam also utilizes service smart contracts, like already-implemented recurring billing smart contracts. this contract also excellent example how dreamteam users interact with the dream token. once the recurring billing enabled dream token holder, dreamteam starts charge the user once per the agreed-upon period. the interaction between the user and dreamteam regulated the smart contract, allowing both ensure that the payments are made precisely agreed upon. allow charges (enable recurring billing) recurring billing smart contract charge recurring billing service contract which controls how users are charged recurring basis make the usage dream tokens less complicated for users, dreamteam implemented support delegated transactions dream token, which eliminates the need pay fees all, least pay fees ether (which standard for all other erc tokens). thus, our users can transfer tokens paying fees dream tokens, not paying fees all the case the price already includes the transaction fee. eliminating the fee ether will drastically simplify the crypto onboarding process for new users, allowing better crypto adoption take place exclusively for the dream token. create blockchain wallet get some ether exchange create blockchain wallet service use service use user onboarding funnel with and without delegated transactions (according dreamteam's estimation) traction dreamteam launched its beta version the platform late october and the end already had users, and the end expect least user registrations spread out across cs:go, lol, apex legends, fortnite, cod and other titles supported our platform. the vast majority users come from the us, europe, and cis regions. the end the platform features will developed. regarding the dreamteam ico, phase reached its hard cap december and phase has been completed may with raised. dreamteam token dreamteam token (dream) cryptocurrency issued dreamteam, utility erc-compatible token which primarily used drive all dreamteam services and create decentralized economy for the entire esports and gaming industries. the dreamteam token highly-secure asset, resistant any known attacks, featuring the following: dreamteam token, among other erc tokens, supports delegated transactions, which means that token holders can transfer tokens securely without fees ether (ethereum platform currency), which turn drastically simplifies its usability. the dreamteam token smart contract, underlying program that defines how dream tokens are transferred, has been thoroughly audited coinfabrik. the audit confirmed that the dreamteam token contains security issues. all dream tokens have been fairly distributed between dreamteam contributors, advisors, and dreamteam itself. the number dream tokens issued fixed. more tokens can ever issued, which guaranteed the dreamteam token smart contract. dreamteam tokens are involved both directly indirectly every transaction settled the dreamteam platform. the vast majority dreamteam users use mobile devices, well console platforms like xbox and playstation, dreamteam developing mobile app that must compliant with the app store and google play policies. most the games have least different intra-platform currencies, and its value can counted millions coins, which users can have their balance and spend various items. most such transactions don't cost much compared real money. the cost our services varies the range our audience, gamers, are already accustomed microtransactions, the learning curve will minimal. support this trend, avoid fractions, and smoothen the transaction experience the platform, dreamteam users balance will shown dreamz (the equivalent the dreamteam token, where dream dreamz). dreamteam token remains the only intraplatform currency required all platform transactions. dreamteam token adoption dreamteam has already adopted blockchain technology, which allowed its users get massive discount dreamteam services. however, there were multiple barriers that prevented this approach from being successful. users were very much curious about what the dreamteam token is, however, turned out too complicated for them perform all the steps purchase tokens, including purchasing additional currency (ether) able transfer their tokens. obviously, only using crypto payments the dreamteam platform, users didn't have access the easiest and most convenient payment methods for the following reasons: cryptocurrency young and not widely understood payment option yet payments tokens for users new cryptocurrency require taking additional complicated steps: signing exchange, opening wallet, etc. wallet maintenance difficulties: securely storing the wallet, keeping the passphrase safe, etc. almost all other blockchain-based startups launching their own token economies struggle with these problems, which create obstacles both bringing new users their solutions, well growing naturally business. dreamteam faced the same issues and, contrast other economies, implemented the following solutions: backend token purchases, which effectively purchase dream tokens for the user using fixed dreamteam rate when the user makes payment. delegated token transactions, which allow users avoid paying complex fees for real blockchain token transfers and smart contract calls. token economy this section provides overview the token economy planned for launch early within the updated dreamteam platform. all components listed below create concise economic model for the dreamteam token, which balanced dreamteam according the usage these components. dreamteam wallet and shop the dreamteam platform employs dreamteam token the main currency, which used for purchases the dreamteam shop. users can buy, earn, hold, and spend this currency get different benefits. dreamteam tokens are held user's dreamteam wallet the dreamteam platform user's balance. most the token transactions are initially expected happen the dreamteam platform the form earnings for activities and payments for dreamteam services and premium subscription purchases. the dreamteam shop part the dreamteam platform where users can spend their dream tokens. the shop content includes, but not limited to: dreamteam one-time services, which are not available the premium package services which are part the dreamteam premium package real-world items, gift cards vouchers for participating giveaways third-party services and items users can either earn dream tokens purchase them with usd using the dreamteam's fixed exchange rate. users will have multiple token packages choose from. the more they purchase, the better the price. gets deposit usd spends complete task direct tokens purchase (deposit) dreamteam shop (gift cards, skins, etc) profile and post vanities referral program (invite more users) token rewards for platform activities dreamteam services premium month premium features one-time premium search holds participation giveways participate higher rank challenges get perks boosters hour change nickname how the user earns, spends and holds dream token dreamteam platform fixed exchange rate all over the world, users get used fixed and stable prices for items and services inside games, platforms, etc. support this trend, dreamteam introduces the fixed exchange rate inside the platform for all products and services the amount dream meanwhile, the dreamteam platform accepts payments both dream tokens and fiat currencies. fiat purchases will always converted dream tokens behind the scenes achieve smoother user experience avoiding the need for users and buy tokens third-party exchanges directly. these processes are visualized the diagrams below. party exchange user buys and holds dreamteam token for further usage users buy dreamteam tokens fixed exchange rate, dreamteam will buy the equivalent tokens, which user needs for the current price exchange. the price exchange lower than the dreamteam platform fixed exchange rate, dreamteam will spend less money than received from the user. the price exchange higher than the dreamteam platform fixed exchange rate, dreamteam will spend more money than received from the user. each time the price third party exchange becomes higher than the fixed dreamteam platform rate, dreamteam will double the token price the platform: dream user buys dream for fixed exchange rate dream user buys dream for fixed exchange rate dream party exchange current dream price dream c/, meaning that dream party exchange current dream price dream meaning that dream user buys and holds dream tokens equivalent token usage transactions for ots/premium each time user makes purchase the platform, dreamteam purchases the equivalent number tokens from third-party exchanges. after dreamteam purchases the required number tokens, the tokens are automatically transferred the user's balance. users are expected engage with the dreamteam platform utilizing the social paradigm and naturally need dream tokens for specific actions like promoting their posts, participating more challenges, purchasing profile vanities, etc. they get dream tokens either purchasing them completing tasks, which are both part dreamteam's gamification. these tasks often include the use dreamteam services, which have been specifically developed create concrete path from beginner novice pro. premium subscriptions give players more comprehensive search tools, access many exclusive features, and much more. the subscription-based model combined with the platform token economy, allowing both token holders and premium subscribers receive the maximum benefit out the dreamteam platform. dreamteam breaks down each token received the following way: the tokens are locked for years dreamteam reserves for future partnership development. the tokens are sold back exchanges the token distribution percentages may change slightly according market conditions and the demand for dreamteam services. these processes are visualized the diagram below. user uses received tokens buy premium dreamteam breaks down received tokens are sold back exchange party exchange are locked the reserve how dreamteam uses received tokens how dreamteam locks, buys, sells and stores tokens the following flow applies each transaction happened dreamteam platform: convert fiat purchases the platform (prime and premium subscriptions) dream using the fixed rate notified the exchange bot buy dream for transactions immediately sell the tokens received from fiat exchange lock the unsold the tokens smart contract for five years case the spread more than are just buying the tokens amount that are going lock unlocking the tokens only possible after five years, and the unlock periods are bracketed month. e.g., all transactions during january are unlocked january dreamteam stores all the data about each transaction: when, with which exchange order id, and for how much was the transaction executed. information about grouped transactions, which blockchain hash corresponds which fiat user transaction the platform the future, we'll able display this information the dreamteam user's wallets prove that the transaction was executed through official apis the exchanges (kuna for now) also, everyone who wishes check the executed transactions personally can verify that the transaction took place exact time, download the transactions history from the exchange using the api, find the execution/transaction the example randomly chosen transactions executed exchanges dreamteam rewards dreamteam implements rewards system part our gamification. users are able receive rewards for: targeted actions they the dreamteam platform rewards for interacting with third-party services targeted actions the dreamteam platform can anything from single-time actions like verifying email inviting friend the platform recurring tasks that require users visit and engage with the dreamteam platform regularly. dreamteam user active the platform claim reward here's example the gamification flow for the user: the user completes targeted action, like their first challenge participation their first "looking for group" message posted. the user receives reward dream token for completing particular targeted action. the user can spend the earned tokens purchase valuable services and features hold them unlock more features participate challenges (read below). third-party rewards will allow dreamteam partner with other businesses while allowing users get reward dream tokens. many companies are looking increase their audiences, like app developers, game developers, payment gateways, crypto wallets. this standard practice which lot other companies adopt. example third-party reward might reward for the user dream tokens after installing third-party crypto wallet. later, the user will receive reward their dreamteam wallet. return, dreamteam receives usd buy tokens exchange which will used according the model described above. dreamteam challenges the core competitive gaming and large part the gaming market takes place competitions between players teams online multiplayer games. there are couple options for the players compete; some them are only available for pro teams, while others can found different gaming websites. speaking about professional tournaments, the blueprint has already been laid out; you must part pro team compete. but what about entering competition gaming website? those tournaments often have requirements for the number entrants needed and specific start times and dates. moreover, sign for tournament, you need through lengthy registration process: register the platform, fill the profile, link profile the account, create team, etc. most the players don't want through this process and leave the platform. the time casual games with fewer hardcore players who don't want waste their time has come, those players want get everything here and now. dreamteam solving these problems with dreamteam challenges daily competitions with one-time click entry. players can join any moment the challenge runs for hours, allowing participants compete when they have free time available. challenges give every user without team opportunity not only check their skills and earn social recognition but also earn some money. participation regular challenges doesn't require any entrance fee. but users want enter challenges with better prizes, they need have certain number tokens their balance qualify and then pay the buy-in the fee for participation. the higher the prize and buy-in, the higher the user's token balance has qualify for participation. hence, dreamteam platform users are incentivized buy and hold certain number dream tokens able participate challenges and earn prizes. expect users will participate challenges daily the end challenges work the following manner: there are different challenge ranks, and each user qualifies participate particular number challenges depending upon the number dream tokens their dreamteam balance holds. users need hold more dream tokens able participate higher-ranked challenges. holding more dreamteam tokens opens the opportunity participate challenges with greater prizes. participate challenge, players need have certain number required tokens their balance and pay buy-in fee for participation, which percentage the tokens needed qualify. challenge prizes can vary cash prizes, real-world items, gift cards, etc. buy-in tier challenges conditions: prize user's min balance dream buy-in dream user gets prize user balance: user balance: user pays buy dream participate the next challenge party exchange challenges participation example growth and support building infrastructure platform and payment gateway for esports and gaming while providing place unite all players complete and self-sufficient ecosystem the primary mission for dreamteam. and the dream token valuable part that ecosystem. with the growth dreamteam, the dream token will receive the desired adoption other services. for instance, users will able buy in-game goods services for dream tokens other esports and gaming platforms. integration with payment providers and wallets the dream token grows and becomes more accepted esports currency, dreamteam going partner with third-party payment providers and integrate additional crypto wallets make the process purchasing in-game assets and services easier. dreamteam committed working partnerships with vast array esports and gaming companies, which will enable esports enthusiasts use dream tokens earned the dreamteam platform for things like other games, in-game assets, and anything else related esports and gaming. our team continuing focus expanding the support the dream token across multiple wallet software, enabling users use the dream token from the wallet their choosing. integrations with third-party wallets can also simplify the process buying and exchanging dream tokens. open source strategy dreamteam has active and transparent open-source contributions, which include regular smart contracts updates and integrations related the dream token and its ecosystem. one the priorities for the open-source strategy dreamteam provide the community with handy tools for integrating services based the dream token with their applications. example that the innovative feature developed dreamteam, the smart contract recurring billing feature, available for any ethereum-based token. this feature already live and used for dreamteam premium subscriptions. recurring billing dream token one the most secure ways establishing recurring payments between customers and merchants, the monetary relations between parties are regulated smart contract. this means that the merchant cannot overcharge the customer, nor can the customer miss payment. furthermore, third parties are involved the value exchange. this will help revolutionize recurring payments not only for esports and gaming but for any subscription-based service. another useful feature that makes the dream token stand out delegated token transfers. this feature allows users transfer dream tokens without needing buy ether, something that other tokens require. the secure delegated transfer feature the dream token drastically simplifies the user experience while allowing the building truly decentralized applications. this feature went live and currently available for the public. dreamteam also open-sourced tools that enable other developers use delegated transactions their decentralized applications. developed smart contract services dreamteam include but are not limited to: recurring billing dream token integrated with dreamteam platform dream token transfer service which charges fees tokens instead fees ether dedicated embeddable service hourly-rate-based smart agreements between any two parties dedicated service planned developments related smart contract services: integration the dedicated services mentioned above with dreamteam platform and token economy smart contracts for prize money and payouts any other smart contracts supporting the token economy technological stack dreamteam web platform: designed spa (single page application) that's highly scalable handle load millions users with the following technology stack: front-end: javascript (vue.js), html, css and nodejs. vue.js was chosen for being lightweight and flexible javascript framework that allows for the creation reusable components. apis: restful apis are created work with the front end. have created apis microservices handle variety tasks, including achievement, authentication that does not currently use oauth. however, will add oauth open our services external users well. currently, are continuing add new services such steam updater, lol updater, notification, and blockchain services. will also adding further services for cs:go, league legends, and search utilizing amazon elastic search the near future. part our deployments, will only extend microservices the pre-set target regions instead deploying all the services all regions. this reduces some the complexities the devops side and lets the dreamteam more time effective. back-end: php with symfony symfony one the best php frameworks that enterprise-ready. database: postgresql postgresql enterprise-grade, highly scalable, optimized database that creates well-running query plans, making very responsive. also use nosql databases such mongodb different parts the system, where makes sense for use instead relying relational database for every functionality. all the technological stacks run aws infrastructure with docker containers, kubernetes orchestration, and ci/cd (continuous integration/continuous deployment) infrastructure place. have done performance testing using the gatling tool, and are continually optimizing our code, our queries, and our infrastructure handle the expected loads the systems for years come. competitor analysis dreamteam strongly believes that all-in-one platform with comprehensive list features which allow casual players not only find one another but create meaningful interactions while defining who they are gamer needed for the market reach its potential. are faced with multi-million gamer audience that has little more than streaming parties interact with their favorite sport. simple and effective solution can solve their problems when creating team and gathering players similar skill levels. and the solutions that are present are for pro and semiprofessional gamers. dreamteam functions the same way the leading companies that unite their respective ecosystems around them, linkedin and imdb being great examples. not develop games our own but serve gather the entirety esports one place and make accessible, unlike any other esports platform out there. are creating easy use environment where gamers can search for and find friends, create clans, track their progress, access real-time feed, validate their progress through challenges, and create singular place for their identity gamer. virtually impossible compare dreamteam standard terms any other platform currently, nothing comes close terms offering all the above features esports fans. nevertheless, have conducted thorough analysis possible dreamteam competitors both from crypto and esports markets. token sale every transaction the dreamteam platform will require the use dreamteam tokens. the token application fully supported the blockchain technology and can used for payment all smart contract obligations well paid platform features and other features. their issuance limited the dreamteam token sale phase and with more tokens ever being issued. the only way acquire the tokens this time during the sales within limited timeframe. additional token sale information: tokens can used within the dreamteam platform, third-party services and platforms their own risk and lawful discretion. for token sales, dreamteam token uses ethereum erc token standard. all tokens might exchanged ratio for more convenient platform eos/ tezos/ waves our own platform. token issue within days after the end the phase# token sale with their subsequent placement users' wallets within the platform. date when dreamteam token gets listed crypto-trading platforms days after token sale phase completion. standard kyc and aml rules will apply. dreamteam token issuance limited the dreamteam token sale phase and token sale phase dreamteam will issue the number tokens corresponding the amount invested. more dreamteam tokens will issued thereafter use funds, token distribution the dreamteam crew guarantees transparent and clear-cut use raised funds that will towards product development (%), operations (%), and marketing efforts (%). the same true for the dreamteam tokens distribution that divided into the token sale (%), bonuses for teams and tournament organizers (%), team and early investors (%), dreamteam reserve (%), and advisory board and partners compensation (%). team our dreamteam crew made top esports professionals and developers with extensive experience. the team constantly growing and evolving ensure that can meet the expectations the esports community and create unique all-in-one platform for competitive players all over the world. below you can find overview the dreamteam leadership. alexander kokhanovskyy ceo co-founder years experience the esports industry; created one the most successful and popular teams the history esports natus vincere (na`vi); became shareholder esforce, the biggest esports entity, acquired mail.ru for volodymyr panchenko co-founder world's private merchant digital goods games sold over the past years); built the largest virtual items trading marketplace skins.cash items sold the past year); founder dmarket (raised ico) alex tarrand cpo mobile technology growth, marketing, and product leader with monetization/advertising background; mba from pepperdine; worked mobile project lead for the national football league (nfl); sr. project manager for disney; sr. project manager for microsoft advisory board dreamteam has extensive advisory board composed leading experts esports and relating industries. sundance digiovanni ralf reichert former ceo founder mlg content and media blizzard ceo esl emmanuel aidoo salim mitha director blockchain and cryptocurrency strategy partner evolution media david waroquier kim rom partner mangrove capital chief gaming officer kinguin patrik sattermon alexey kuznetsov chief gaming officer fnatic esports industry leader kenneth hsia juwan lee co-founder badwater capital ceo nexchange moe levin elie galam ceo keynote chief investment officer eastmore group denis dovgopoliy founder growthup group lead investor april mangrove capital partners became the lead investor dreamteam. this key investment into esports for mangrove. for the european fund, this big step into the future. yet this huge responsibility for dreamteam. mangrove, being one the largest venture capital companies europe, making its first investment both equity and tokens hybrid deal). mangrove capital partners venture capital and private equity firm focused early and expansion stage investment rounds, mid ventures, startups, growth capital investments, buyouts, and emerging growth. its portfolio companies include: skype, wix, walkme, freedompop, lesara, and many others partners the last months, we've announced several large and well-known partners that, their essence, are the world's most significant esports entities. esl the world esports company and the biggest tournament organizer natus vincere (navi) one the most popular and one the most successful esports teams the planet starladder one the biggest tournament organizer, platform for amateur and semi-professional gamers valve american video game developer, publisher and digital distribution company fnatic one the world's best competitive video gaming teams and global leader multiple games xsolla global distributor and publisher video games, providing its clients game developers and publishers with advanced technical tools optimize user acquisition and monetization efforts overwolf are driven team geeks, gamers and techies, working together make the games love even better faceit the ultimate way for esports gamers compete tournaments, championships, and leagues dmarket world's first cross-game platform based blockchain and smart contracts that enables one-click sale, exchange, evaluation every virtual item among all games any platform contacts check out the dreamteam platform: dreamteam.gg learn more about the dreamteam token: token.dreamteam.gg contact you have any questions: support@dreamteam.gg sources newzoo global games market report newzoo global esports market report newzoo research dashboard superdata esports market brief mindshare north america esports research open sources, such as: businesswire.com, tweaktown.com, gamesindustry.biz, technobuffalo.com, mojang.com etc. http://www.forbes.ru/tehnologii/-bolshaya-igra-kak-zarabatyvayut-nakibersporte https://gadgets.ndtv.com/games/news/clash-of-clans-maker-supercell-claims-million-daily-active-users- https://venturebeat.com////clash-royale-clash-of-clans-push-supercellto---billion-in--revenue/ superdata deliverable industry report april emarketer immersive media update fall key virtual and augmented reality trends researchnow "esports gaming study" dreamteam data https://www.statista.com/statistics//worldwide-sports-market-revenue/ https://www.esportsearnings.com/ https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/--/to-buy-into-this-videogaming-league-it-s-at-least--million https://compete.kotaku.com/blizzard-responds-to-controversial-rumors-of-millio- https://esportsobserver.com/tencent-china-investment-plan/ https://techcrunch.com////amazon-will-buy-twitch-for-over--billion/&sa= d&ust=&usg=afqjcneoumehhzvoyeswnbsnhfnwxka third-party projects' whitepapers and presentations' analytics