drep whitepaper whitepaper data ecosystem chain drep whitepaper important notice this document (the "whitepaper") has been prepared drep foundation ltd. ("drep foundation") and this notice intended address all readers who view access any communication channel platform. the whitepaper presented strictly for information purposes only, and shall not, under any circumstances, treated offer securities invitation participate any regulated investment scheme, howsoever defined any jurisdiction around the world. addition, none the information contained herein intended form the basis any advice inducement engage any sort investment activity. this version the whitepaper released draft for discussion and pre- information purposes only. this whitepaper remains work progress and subject change without notice. please not copy disseminate any part this document without including this disclaimer and the section titled "risks and disclaimers". you are strongly encouraged read the entire whitepaper and familiarize yourself with all the information set out below, particularly the section entitled "risks and disclaimers". please seek independent advice from your professional advisors, including lawyers, tax accountants and financial advisors, you have any uncertainty doubt any the matters presented. please take note that you are not eligible and you are not purchase any tokens the token sale the drep tokens drep foundation (the "token sale") if: (a) you are located the people's republic china you are citizen resident (tax otherwise) of, domiciled in, the people's republic china; (b) you are located the united states america you are citizen, resident (tax otherwise) green card holder of, domiciled in, the united states america; (c) such token sale prohibited, restricted unauthorized any form manner whether full part under the laws, regulatory requirements rules any jurisdiction applicable you, the time your intended purchase purchase the drep tokens the token sale. the chinese version the whitepaper the principal official source information for drep foundation, the content the whitepaper lost, damaged misinterpreted during the process translation communication, especially when translated other languages including this english version, the chinese whitepaper shall prevail the event any conflicts inconsistencies. please note that this whitepaper will updated continuously and you are encouraged review the whitepaper regular basis. drep whitepaper abstract the commercialization the internet because connects information. then can say that the reason why blockchain could rise above the internet and the internet things (iot) that breaks the data barrier, connecting everything. drep committed building "connectors" and "toolkits" blockchain technology, providing solutions that combine ease use, flexibility and frictionless integration. current blockchain adoption still segregation and data are still silos. both general public chains and vertical industry chains establish closed ecological system order maximize competitive advantage. result, dapps (decentralized applications) have develop independent versions for different public chains order reach more users, resulting segregated user-and data-base. face this issue, drep priorities decentralized id, cross-chain structure and drep sdk serve "connector", supporting multi-public-chain asset versions with one-click, crossplatform data integration and privacy protection data sharing based homomorphic encryption. blockchain moving from research labs towards real-world applications and mass adoption, enterprises, more often than not, lack enough blockchain knowledge find out potential usages this technology the existing operation. this stage, infrastructure layer application layer, light, high-quality, productized solutions much needed quickly penetrate the market and solve pain points business fragmentation, hence acquiring desired technological input-output ratio and maximizing user experience. this respect, drep, functioning "toolkit", adopts customized dual-layer architecture and advanced api and plug-in support well drep sdk catering differing verticals. short, drep's mission statement is, not just tied high concurrency, but make longer bottleneck limiting businesses; not just tied customer-oriented service, but allow b-end and c-end users use blockchain services frictionless manner; not just tied commercialization, but connect every isolated database. drep whitepaper drep definition drep committed building "connectors" and "toolkits" based blockchain technology, providing solutions that combine ease use, flexibility and frictionless integration. based drep chain, drep id, drep reputation protocol and drep sdk, drep aims build open data ecosystem chain, disrupting the status quo segregated users and data multiple chains. far, numerous projects have come the market, providing solutions scalability, security and privacy. however, their blockchain infrastructure can only serve very small number applications which are limited scale and category. the other hand, large-scale enterprises rarely see mass adoption blockchain technology, making more difficult bring new users the space. drep, for those very reasons, strives tackle three particular issues: insufficient performance public chain and poor developer experience segregated public chain ecosystem and small user base blockchain mismatch between blockchain technology and enterprises' needs drep mainly provides the following technical solutions: the drep chain high-performance public chain fully developed the drep team. compatible with smart contracts the evm and wasm format with dual-layer structure constituting root chain and sub-chains. the smart pipeline innovatively proposed the drep team "pipeline" for data transmission and for transferring data between the blockchain virtual machine and external applications. able achieve high efficiency, zero gas consumption and strong scalability without affecting security. these realistic needs were not solved with the use smart contract. drep adopts schnorr multi-signature algorithm based secpk improve network efficiency and reduce transmission overhead. achieve data connectivity and privacy protection, drep has designed decentralized system based hmac (hash message authentication code) algorithm, forming dual-layer system master and multiple sub-ids. drep client allows users manage data and assets centralized and decentralized platforms one go. enhance data privacy protection, drep uses homomorphic encryption process information that users identify private. provide long-term holding value drep did, drep launched reputation system. this consists general reputation protocol, reputation pipeline interface, reputation data on-chain and algorithm library, reputation incentive mechanism, reputation account management and fake account identification mechanism, etc. lower the threshold technical usage and the cost learning, drep has developed api, plug-ins and sdks for number differing verticals. with these toolkits, dapp r&d teams are able release multi-public-chain asset versions, built-in wallets and asset trading platforms with one-click. based drep id, dapp r&d teams are also capable drep whitepaper acquiring more public chain users, transforming various digital asset holders into application users and creating super dapps. drep code style service-oriented programming, similar java's spring container development. most blockchain project code, the coupling between the modules more serious. using this approach, drep allows the modules fully decoupled and the code can easily refactored with clearer logic. before the drep mainnet officially released, there will iterations drep mainnet, representing four important milestones the development team. also represents that drep constantly explores pain point solutions and optimize user experience the process communication with the cooperative enterprises and product portfolio iteration. drep's testnets are named after darwin, riemann, euler and planck, pay tribute the great contributions the four scientists the process human development, while symbolizing that the drep team continuous endeavor technology development and commercial application. darwin the evolutional origin riemann the breaking point euler the eternal method planck the constant change drep whitepaper drep solutions insufficient performance public chain, poor developer experience transactions per second (tps) one the major limitations for public chain adoption. third party payment solution paypal currently boasts tps whilst visa able process the contrary, bitcoin and ethereum can only process tps, which not only constrains blockchain payments but also makes harder for developers create dapps suitable for mass adoption. the continuous development dapps has led the amount on-chain data being processed through them greatly increased. for example, eos's ram already use with the usage ratio and resource cost increasing consistently over time, making more difficult for public chain platforms grow. addition, given the issues with concurrency, impossible rely solely protocol layer smart contracts record dapp data. there exists impossible blockchain triangle that decentralization, scalability, and security cannot all satisfied. this means public chains cannot improve tps without sacrificing decentralization security. drep has proposed alternative method improve scalability called the 'smart pipeline.' similar layer solution, can improve data processing capacities batches, provide customized developer tools and therefore break the bottleneck public chain scalability. drep smart pipeline improves data processing capacities batches the smart pipeline innovative blockchain application model proposed the drep team. able achieve high efficiency, zero gas consumption and strong scalability without affecting security. these realistic needs were not solved with the use smart contracts. whilst smart contracts are widely used platforms such ethereum, the data capacity, gas consumption, and lack active calling functions are criticized developers; this effectively limits the development large-scale dapps. the drep smart pipeline "pipeline" for data transmission and for transferring data between the blockchain virtual machine and external applications. the blockchain client transmits real-time data external application through the smart pipeline and the external application executes the result before passing the smart pipeline and return data the blockchain client real time. smart pipelines can inserted into every step process and the corresponding code can executed according the position the selected inserter improve execution efficiency. the advantages smart pipeline: "smarter": after the smart pipeline deployed on-chain, can automatically trigger according the conditions detailed. compared with smart contracts, more conditions can considered and the execution process can made more difficult interfere with; this conducive the execution complex transactions. drep whitepaper zero gas consumption: when application using smart pipelines executes transaction, gas needed. zero gas consumption does not mean zero responsibility, however, and all smart pipelines running code require open source supervision. moreover, the computing resource body that the smart pipeline directs not only found the corresponding subchain, but the smart pipeline code. thus, even there loophole, will not affect the performance the corresponding sub-chain. limitation programming language: smart pipeline uses the wasm virtual machine execute transactions. users can write code different programming languages and then convert wasm. wasm continues improve, the types languages supported will gradually increase, and the code efficiency will also improved without affecting execution the blockchain. meets the needs complex applications: smart pipeline applications are not limited gas and can supported blockchains facilitate more complex logic. blockchains with smart pipeline can interact with other applications services meet the needs large, complex applications, hence allowing for the building applications that are not supported existing blockchains. drep dual-layer architecture and customizable sub-chain the drep chain takes form dual-layer structure constituting the main chain and sub-chain improve scalability and enhance the efficiency the blockchain infrastructure without affecting security decentralization. drep's open source testnet, the drep chain tps exceeded peak during open test january th, test environment conditions were: block time: seconds seconds block size: limit structure: main chain, sub-chains. the structure each chain: mining nodes, common nodes. testnet address: drep.me the drep main chain and the sub-chain can independently handle different transactions, allowing for multiple consensus mechanisms coexist with different data storage, improving concurrency, and providing compatible support for access different applications. therefore, whether used blockchain application, traditional enterprise docking platform, the corresponding sub-chain can customized reduce the barrier entry. drep improved consensus mechanism pbft safe and efficient consensus mechanism which has been applied consortium chains such hyperledger, but the existing pbft consensus mechanism does not meet the needs the public chain terms consensus efficiency. drep enhances pbft through using schnorr multisignature algorithm, integrating large number signatures into one signature, improving drep drep whitepaper chain efficiency storage and network transmission, and reducing network transmission overhead. thus, pbft can applied the drep chain system. drep developer tools drep will provide series development resources for dapp development and sub-chain customized development, including docker, ide and other upper-level tools well console and other underlying services. addition, test tools such browsers, faucets, testnets, etc., will created assist drep developers. drep docker has the advantages quick set-up, easy installation and deployment; drep console has programmable and interactive features, supports script operation, and beneficial for developers; rpc interface and library can also used for multiple functions such node access. separated public chain ecosystem and small blockchain user base the biggest competition blockchain lies the "main chain"; each main chain strives become the flagship product blockchain infrastructure, and hence secure the position 'apple' 'microsoft' the technology sector. result, operability restrictions are common between various public chains varying from infrastructure dapps and resulting separated user bases, such with eth and eos users. this inevitably leads "prisoner's dilemma" public chain development. drep based drep id, aims assimilate user accounts scattered across various public chains and further expand this model traditional platforms, letting more users access the blockchain frictionless and thus resolving the problem small user base, promoting adoption and encouraging developers remove barriers between various public chains. drep connects digital assets drep integrates all types cryptocurrencies through the drep client, giving users access one-stop account management. addition, binding different platform addresses drep allows cross-platform transfer way cross-chain interoperation. such functionality not just confined blockchain. for traditional/centralized platforms within the drep network, cross-platform management also available through drep achieve asset and data integration, encryption information, etc. without interfering with the existing numerical systems, integral system, economic system other aspects the original platform, forming interconnected and decentralized ecosystem. this way, drep able support cross-chain super dapps, allowing dapp developers and users transfer mainstream currencies freely without suffering from infrastructure restrictions, and freely trade tokens decentralized exchanges. result, user experience would improved, user bases would expanded and unnecessary development reduced. drep connects user information blockchain's barrier entry and usage partly lies incomprehensible digit public key addresses. only small number public chains, such eos, have addressed this. despite that, drep whitepaper each address registered eos still requires payment. worse still, when addresses are plenty, memorization becomes problem and the price skyrockets. drep users are able use alias which understandable and able remembered; this lowers the threshold blockchain usage. also, managing various addresses under one name results gas reduction and aliases drep not have deal with digit public key address but nickname for the account, which drep has already stored blockchain. for existing accounts, recording specific and complex information becomes unnecessary when linking with drep id. after drep generates new sub-account, addresses recording also becomes unnecessary. this convenient for end users the alias serves users' drep marker, connecting various sub-accounts through drep reputation protocol, contributing users' credibility and raising awareness their "second identity" ----drep id. drep protects user privacy many centralized platforms analyze and resell users' data without obtaining their consent. some even trick users into purchasing that relevant information. with drep id, users have the option disclose their data. terms users' privacy, third parties have pay collect such personal information. result, users can receive drep tokens rewards and third parties can obtain more accurate data including metrics such user's reputation value and lower acquisition cost data. when logging into centralized platforms, servers have the access info such as: users' names, users' accounts and more. when user logins with associated accounts, platforms are also able profile users despite not giving notice. drep id, combining with third party logging and avoiding privacy intrusion, gives users the right choose what information platforms are able acquire, and which ways they can login. result, users not have remember multitudes accounts and passwords whilst protecting their privacy. mismatch between blockchain technology and enterprises' needs blockchain highly anticipated way innovate production. however, due its limitations, low efficiency and lack talent connect blockchain and enterprise, progress this area slow. drep believes blockchain developers ought not "close the door" and predict market needs, but look more closely the market and understand the real needs for clients and users. after learning the pain points and difficulties blockchain development, one could develop kits for easy integration into number differing verticals. based market research, drep offers two solutions: one upgrade drep advanced technology solutions allow api and plug-in support, thus lowering blockchain learning costs, development difficulty and complexity the application/enterprise side. the other develop customized sdk's for vertical domains, solving specific problems development and forming complete vertical domain technology solution. drep api and plug-in, simpler and easier use drep api adaptive different languages, making easier for centralized platforms decentralize. drep whitepaper drep plug-in aims satisfy more accurate and complex needs and conducive vertical domain development. advantages drep api and plug-in: highly-targeted development without complete comprehension blockchain, making easier enrich functionality. supporting co-development and making easier adjust modify during the development process. converting practical problems blockchain solutions directly, making easier use. drep sdk, aimed vertical industries drep sdk supports dapps all kinds. with drep sdk, dapp r&d teams are able release multi-public-chain asset versions, built-in wallets and asset trading platforms with one-click. based drep id, dapp r&d teams are also capable acquiring more public chain users, transforming various digital asset holders into application users and creating super dapps. super dapps: dapps are not confined certain public chains, but connect various digital assets, making possible for all users pay, transfer, lend and conduct other economic activities. the same time, users traditional platforms are able apply for blockchain dapp versions, greatly lowering user education costs. drep sdk for blockchain gaming including but not limited to: gaming accounts: highlights cross-chain drep id, removing current segregated user base; payment trading: highlights built-in payment and trading engine, improving the digital asset exchange experience; digital operation: highlights data visualization, transparency and configurability within gaming operations. drep whitepaper drep technology framework drep public chain the drep chain high-performance public chain fully developed the drep team, which compatible with smart contracts evm and wasm format with dual-layer structure constituting root chain and sub-chains. the root chain mainly responsible for data sync the sub-chains and drep token transactions, and sub-chains make easier for enterprises develop dapps and their own blockchain ecosystems. this allows enterprises independently distribute tokens, deploy smart contracts and smart pipelines, exchange assets and share reputation values across multi-chains. the drep chain prioritizes efficiency when comes consensus selection. this explains why during the drep testnet improved pbft was deployed the consensus mechanism for sub and root chains. the future, root chains will gradually adopt pos mechanism with reputation. drep, evolved out the traditional pbft consensus mechanism, introduces pbft based multiparty signature improve efficiency not only reflected tps, but also the process storage and network transmission. with the original pbft protocol, participants had send information signatures the leader, then the leader integrated signatures into the block header. with multiple signatures, the size block header can increased. drep deploys schnorr multi-party signature algorithm supported secpk elliptic curve, resulting only one signature being generated, this greatly reduces the signature length and thereby reduces the size block header and the cost storage well network transmission overhead. drep technical structure follows: drep whitepaper drep smart pipeline drep proposes the concept smart pipelines improve data processing and transfers data between blockchain virtual machines and external applications. smart pipeline, when compared with smart contract which already widely used platforms like ethereum, boasts advantages high efficiency, strong scalability and zero gas consumption. problems smart contract lie in: block package has very limited maximum data capacity. for instance, the eth model, current maximum gas single block gas; this means attached data fails reach jam may occur. this means dapps cannot cope with large amount data for fear jamming. the cost reading, writing, and calculating smart contracts exorbitant. result, developers are reluctant use algorithms that are very popular traditional platforms but consume large amount gas blockchain, limiting dapp design. there active calling function, which means smart contract cannot automatically perform complex tasks such fixed time tasks that require external script support. sketch the smart pipeline shown below: when blockchain produces block, transactions are conducted the virtual machine turn. smart pipelines can inserted before after each execution. smart pipeline functions breakpoint and clients can activate part pipeline/breakpoint accordance with their needs. when client executes activated smart pipeline/breakpoint, stop-the-world process would automatically triggered, and real-time data transmitted external application through smart pipeline. external applications are responsible for data processing, and after processing, the result sent back client blockchain via smart pipeline. from there, the client stores data into the database, thereby completing data uplink blockchain. such processes avoid the drawbacks large amounts data processing virtual machine. transmission does not hinder operation drep whitepaper efficiency, instead, improves data processing due the fact that smart pipeline deeply optimized drep. drep smart pipeline application consists wasm instruction set, which distributed throughout the blockchain. different sub-chains can also choose different applications execute executed self-written and verified applications. drep cross-chain protocol the drep cross-chain protocol transcends traditional thinking about cross-chain transactions being only for transferring assets also synchronizes and migrates behavioral data related personal identities such reputation (credit rating/loyalty), and then secures through homomorphic encryption. drep adopts both isomorphic and heterogeneous cross-chain solutions cater for different needs and cope with performance and cost balancing within different structures: isomorphic cross-chain: drep main chain and sub-chains are connected frictionless isomorphic cross-chain protocol; this allows users learn real-time changes among crosschain platforms through wallets. heterogeneous cross-chain: distributed private key control technology connects chains outside the drep system including traditional platforms the drep ecosystem order achieve secure heterogeneous cross-chain, extending reputation protocol for multiple platforms. based isomorphic and heterogeneous cross-chain technologies, token assets and reputation data different dapps are integrated the main account, forming multi-level and vivid user reputation profile. addition, drep plans "reputationize" partners' user behavior, expanding reputation different systems accordance with cross-domain security control requirements, and enabling reputation beyond blockchain, thus forming extensive reputation ecosystem. distributed private key control distributed private key control utilizes decentralized technology control cross-chain assets with multiple private keys. the original holder still has ownership, but one single private key cannot withdraw assets. the holders want withdraw assets, they need apply with the corresponding chains and obtain enough private keys. for example: user alice wants convert one token from one chain another. number nodes (shards/super-representative committees) across chains maintain one multi-signed account the original chain, they allocate private keys and then separately control them, that any single node cannot obtain this token from the original chain without enough private keys which case possible. drep whitepaper when alice deposits one token multi-signed account controlled drep, one token drep equivalent synchronously released deposit token, which can traded with another node drep via tokens different chains. when alice wants withdraw the ownership one token original chain, she needs lock her remaining tokens drep, and then release the same amount tokens owned the original chain. the distributed private key control process more secure, and supports smart contracts, including multi-currency complex contract. this the case regardless whether the original chain supports smart contracts not that distributes tokens across chains. drep privacy protection schnorr multi-party signature drep introduces the pbft mechanism which based multi-party signature. the traditional pbft protocol requires participants send information signatures the leader, and then leader integrates signatures into the block header. however, with multiple signatures, the size block header would increased and affect network transmission efficiency. while drep deploys schnorr multi-party signature algorithm based the secpk elliptic curve, significantly improving blockchain efficiency. test results schnorr multi-party signature performance bip-schnorr signature are follows: drep whitepaper schnorr multi-party signature, differing from other signature forms, only generates one signature the end. this greatly reduces signature length and block header size, turn lowering the cost storage and network transmission overhead. schnorr multi-party signature also conducive privacy protection when future privacy transactions need enhanced. homomorphic encryption and privacy protection during the process drep chain operations, inevitable pass information third parties such internal smart pipelines and external data sharing, during which process, user privacy leakage may occur, jeopardizing user security. this, drep adopts homomorphic encryption protect data privacy when users are processing this private information. the algorithm uses the paillier technique based the encryption problem computing n-th residual classes quadratic integer group. where stands for message encrypted and m(,n), then select random r(,n) via generated key pairing: public key (n,g) and private key (l,u), compute ciphertext c=gmrn modn ciphertext both homomorphic and homomorphic mixed multiplication plaintext, that homomorphic addition plaintexts d(e(m,r)e(m,r) mod n)=m+m mod d(e(m,r)gm mod n)=m+m mod homomorphic mixed multiplication plaintexts d(e(m,r)m mod n)=mm mod drep whitepaper therefore, variety data processing can performed after encryption, and the results can sent back the user. users, through private keys, can obtain the same result done plaintext data processing, making data leakage impossible. aside from the above, homomorphic encryption signature availability, when adding homomorphic signature content, possible verify misprocessing, spoofing and other forms misconduct during data processing ensure data accuracy. secure multi-party computation the process distributed private key control and ring signatures involving multiple people sharing private keys, necessary follow the principle never completely exposing all sensitive information. therefore, drep chooses secure multi-party computation protect data security. complete information would only available when use. secure multi-party computation deals with the following problem: individuals respectively hold privacy ... xn, calculate specific function (x, ... xn), while these individuals not have access others' privacy. given that there are malicious nodes the real world seeking obtain other parties' private information, secure multi-party computation protocol denies all participants the right access any additional information beyond output regardless whether they have malicious intent not. drep conducts secure multi-party calculation through homomorphic encryption, bulletproof and other measures, taking reputation calculation example. drep deploys secure multi-party computation encrypt important data within each dapp and drep platform. even data transmission leaked during transaction, users' original data safe. secure multi-party computation also ensures that both parties involved data transmission are able encrypt and decrypt data safe way. the same time, users' public key, address and data each drep dapp are independent and invisible. drep whitepaper improvement and optimization one important reason for drep developing the drep chain lies the strong coupling with existing blockchain main chains, which currently not suitable for seamless integration with existing enterprise systems. additionally, many high-tps main chains fail meet existing performance requirements for high concurrent requests transmission. structure optimization: drep modularizes the various parts database, network and consensus, then stores these separately container. through middleware, modular calling performed, resulting the solution each module. well this, infrastructure able automatically implement series operations like registration, activation and upgrading the container way middleware. for sub-chain developers, drep chain infrastructure code boasts clear logic and easy reconstruction. addition, drep has preemptively built routing and message dispatching mechanism, completely decoupling the network and consensus layers, pushing applicable consensus ranges beyond pbft, thus facilitating sub-chain independent development consensus. virtual machine optimization: drep also improved existing evm meet drep chain business needs: increased reputation-related orders accordance with drep business upgraded gas pricing, allowing for automatic adjustments accordance with configuration and demand each sub-chain re-designed infrastructure database based business needs sub-chain function improvement during the process synchronizing sub-chain data main chain, there sub-chain data error, rollback needed; this something the original level fails support. alternatively, drep, supported self-developed sub-chain nesting and rollback, able solve these problems. database optimization when there are high concurrent requests, the caching mechanism under great pressure; this means 'high tps' does not necessarily equal high volume transactions. additionally, drep optimizes and improves caches, databases, etc., and uses fine-grained lock inside lru cache ensure high performance even when tps reaches drep chain level database utilizes hash patricia trie (hitton prefix tree, hereinafter referred hpt) technology preserve changes users' account status. hpt k-tree data structure; each node the tree consists attributes: sequence, value, children and isleaf. the value property the hpt root node preserves hash value current database for block verification, ensuring sequencing property the only way get specific complete key. drep whitepaper when user account changes, the database would make corresponding changes hpt and reflect them. based hexadecimal string key the user account, the database would conduct thorough search starting from the root node until certain leaf node found; all sequence attributes search path are then spliced obtain complete key. two main advantages hpt: firstly, the irreversibility and extremely low conflict attribute the tree structure and hash algorithm improve the convenience and reliability database description. secondly, key value design database and data compression the prefix tree greatly improve the efficiency querying and modifying whilst also reducing calculation costs. after each account modification, tree node operations which are equal the number hpt depths are able complete the database update; when modifications are multiple one transaction, the growth calculation happening mpt modification far below the amount required account information. with more account information, more mpt calculations could saved. compared with the prefix tree structure used ethereum save account information, drep hpt unifies and optimizes tree nodes. instead adopting ethereum's null node, leaf node, extension node and branch node, drep hpt the one hand, reduces prefix tree height and deep search time, the other hand, improves hpt query and modification performance. drep drep the entrance portal users' digital asset management well the digital identity used drep and collaborative application platforms. this includes the sum digital images generated users corresponding platforms. for b-end customers, drep the entrance portal user traffic and high-quality data, and shortcut for cross-chain asset interaction, allowing for payment multicurrencies/cryptocurrencies. drep whitepaper security using the drep ecosystem, every user has master account and several sub-accounts. drep serves link, connecting reputation data and assets across different applications and building complete user reputation profile image. drep, based hmac (hash message authentication code) algorithm, generates sub-accounts using the master account. the formula hmac follows: the master account key, the sub-chain id, both opad and ipad are specific constants. the private key each sub-account generated the private key the master account and corresponding sub-chain id, which enables master account control sub-accounts each application: master key control: when users generate and obtain private keys sub-chain accounts, private keys, verification codes and sub-chain ids the corresponding master account are also required; this guarantees the security private keys for sub-chain accounts. unconnectable: under asymmetric encryption protection, regardless main sub-chain, accounts cannot reversely connected, making information anonymous on-chain. drep hmac has the following advantages comparing with btc wallet: variable address length and higher security: drep uses sha shake (shake=sha+keccak) hash public keys, making possible set any output address achieve higher performance and security. drep whitepaper lower calculation cost: wallet needs large number sub-private keys locate subaccount addresses. with drep, sub-private keys are optional due private seed, which connects master account address with that the sub-accounts, reducing storage and calculation cost. addition, drep adopts secure multi-party calculation, ring signatures and other measures protect user information, minimizing the risk data abuse and leakage. zooko triangle breakthrough the zooko triangle has always been trilemma for three ideal properties naming network systems. security: when looking for name, correct name rather than pseudonym would presented. decentralization: there centralized authority controlling all names. understandable: it's name, not long list random characters that people are unable remember. alias identity system drep addresses the zooko triangle. users create understandable alias/nickname secure and decentralized environment representation their id, which easy remember and conducive their reputation and profile image. universality drep achieves decentralized logging through the drep sdk. the one hand, drep has advantages third-party logging and self-sovereign identities whilst the other hand, supports large number applications log using drep and controls the information transferred. addition, drep compatible with btc, eth, eos and other blockchain structures, and transcends blockchain limitations such application location. convenience drep connects multiple assets, breaking the asset barriers and facilitating cross-chain transfer. drep client integrates into various other applications and platforms support multi-asset payment and exchange. after users store their identity data using drep id, information would automatically selected and delivered the application when required. uniqueness drep will not restrict user registration nor will force users perform kyc (know your customer) due decentralization. acknowledged that when reputation image becomes richer, can greatly benefit users. therefore, binding different application accounts drep the form sub-account beneficial users' trustworthiness and reputation, because more credible use one unique rather than multiple scattered ids. result, users would motivated generate "second identity." drep reputation protocol drep whitepaper the drep reputation system, along with drep system, endowed with long-term value, solves problems like improving customer/user loyalty, making truly valuable point system, obtaining online credit scores, and acquiring accurate user profile image and high-quality users, greatly assisting bbc products. overview the reputation system the drep reputation system includes general reputation protocol, reputation pipeline interface, reputation uplinking chain and algorithm library, reputation reward acquisition, reputation value account management and fake account identification mechanisms, etc., constituting eco-connection, which links users' behavior with reputation, and conducts real-time reputation settlement, and gives feedback users based comprehensive multi-party reputation evaluation. general reputation protocol record users' reputation data and data changes across different platforms blockchain achieve immutable on-chain reputation modelling. break existing barriers and conduct cross-chain transmission user behavioral data, forming real-time reputation data synchronization. integrate user reputation amongst different platforms user's drep did, building complete user reputation profile image. reputation pipeline reputation pipeline adopts smart pipeline avoid excessive smart contract reliance and improves data processing without affecting the performance blockchain, thereby bringing real-time user reputation settlement. reputation algorithm library dapps cater various industries whose needs are all very different. therefore, impossible and unscientific calculate reputation value with single algorithm. the drep system, the default reputation algorithm the summation historical increasing/ decreasing current value over time, and the algorithm for calculating reputation value will provided for dapps, that they can make customized designs according their business models and needs. meanwhile, the drep system will produce algorithm templates designed for few major types industries and provide dapps with the following options: e-commerce online q&a blog forum entertainment (video, music, game, etc.) addition, drep would also develop third-party algorithm library with the attempt encouraging developers and dapps develop their own algorithms and make them open-source. drep will also have economic incentives for third-party algorithm libraries joining the platform. reputation monetizing mechanism drep whitepaper the key concept drep turn reputation into wealth and unleash its value. that why drep has created and designed incentive module based reputation. the incentive given drep reward through various methods, linkups and calculating user behavior accordance with related platform design. reputation value account management and fake account identification mechanism drep's reputation system connects every user with reputation value connecting every dapp platform. drep maintains strict reputation value account management for users the ecosystem: users can only accumulate their reputation value one public key address that will stored blockchain within each dapp. drep supports every dapp categorizing, filtering and authorizing their users provide customized services personalized economic incentives. privacy management: users have the right manage their own reputation and choose whether they authorize the platform access their reputation value other dapps, well whether their personal reputation value can seen other users. fake account identification model for continuous research and improvement. with the evolution online platforms and the increasing popularity blockchain technology alongside the internet things, fake account identification mechanisms need adapt accordingly. drep, based reputation threshold, sybil attack prevention mechanism and third party kyc identification platform integration, excludes fake accounts, that users can maintain their reputation and image. advantages reputation system universality the reputation protocol not designed for any single certain platform, but caters different industries with different templates featuring cross-platform and data integration. easier for industry/platforms obtain users' loyalty making small adjustments. moreover, users are allowed share data wish, lowering data acquisition cost. time-effectiveness drep reputation time-efficient terms user behavior, that is, the longer ago something happened, the smaller impact would have reputation, thus encouraging dau, and increasing users' dependence the platform. reputation time-effectiveness, through reputation pipeline, reflected the daily instant changing user reputation. the calculation reputation time-effectiveness based the reputation decay acquisition model proposed drep dev team. shown the following figure, user stops use application after days, resulting reputation loss (the line blue acquired reputation while the red one accumulated reputation): drep whitepaper reputation falls slowly the early stages and quickly over time. the next time this user activates the same app, will longer start from comprehensiveness the drep reputation protocol not only great importance for b-end clients but also beneficial for users. through reputation collection, able offer customized preferential treatment, further promoting engagement and consumption, thus forming eco-connection. reputation system complements and enhances the drep reputation protocol does more than supplement, enrich and replace traditional point system. the ecosystem different applications will eventually collectively attribute users' reputation image. terms targeted recommendation and marketing, information from one application not enough portray user's complete image and interests. while reputation image integration could pinpoint certain user's interest the type users that have certain habit through big data and other methods, completely satisfying users' needs whilst avoiding privacy infringement. drep whitepaper drep tokenomics drep issued total billion tokens. the distribution plan for tokens follows: ecosystem development and utility scenarios: community and developer incentives: token private sale pre-sale public offering: ieo: team: foundation: advisors: the utility scenarios drep tokens the drep ecosystem mainly include: network gas; the only means payment for cross-chain transactions between sub-chains (dapps); payment currency for all data relevant transactions the network; major currency used for presales assets the drep sdk and the application launchpad; mortgage assets the drep client for credit commission and structured financial product transactions; the only in-game payment method and trading assets future drep games.