dropil white paper dropil dropil.com introduction helping investors net the highest returns, with the lowest risk, requiring the minimum effort, easy use suite with intuitive reporting, defines the heart our mission. harnessing the unique capabilities inherent cryptocurrency, are able bundle numerous additional financial and security benefits with this service, all while making low friction and easily accessible the masses. this was the dream, dropil the answer. investing cryptocurrency doesn't have confusing and time consuming. dropil's smart trading robot, "dex," does all the heavy lifting for you, while our expertly managed portfolio balancing algorithm manages risk, and our proprietary drop tokens ensure privacy while also offering added value and exclusivity for our customers. history the relatively recent emergence cryptocurrency has given birth worldwide financial paradigm shift closing trillion-dollar market cap. dropil was formed put the benefits cryptocurrency investing within the reach everybody. innovative products the cryptocurrency space have been nearly rapid and impressive the currencies themselves, and such, thousands solutions exist for myriad problems. when building the functionality and services dropil, was crucial that combined solutions number pressing issues into single turnkey platform that offers multiple benefits users, avoiding the need for someone involved with, and monitor multiple products meet these same ends. the dropil interface and all related services will always keep customer experience and ease use priority. this white paper intended for those seeking more depth look under the hood what makes dropil work and such goes into more detail than the average dropil dropil.com customer may need. also assumed this juncture that most people who will view this white paper have solid base understanding cryptocurrency and initial coin offerings (ico) and such the technical and historical background those will skipped. dex key aspect the dropil services the automated smart trading robot platform, internally and externally referred dex. this platform not single bot strategy, but rather carefully curated and tested set automated bots all designed and programmed house. none the logic strategies designed and used dex have ever been sold given anyone outside dropil. the strength the platform does not lay with single strategy promising 'too good true' returns that will make instant billionaires out anyone, such program exists. the strength dex rather system that allows very safe, strong net returns, with minimum user oversight. dex supports running different modes which are combination logic optimized for specific tasks. each mode contains set multiple strategies its disposal and will automatically and autonomously switch the most efficient strategy reaction market changes. the dynamic modes the individual instances operate independently each other with cross communication; however, all performance recorded central repository for continued analysis all trading. for every mode there large diversification instances dex are running once, each instance trading only one pair, one exchange, and one account time. the number instances running varies based upon number critera, the minimum and the maximum stated each instance independent, however multiple numbers instances, structures, and logics are always running and the direction this overall strategy also set via automation. certain aspects the dropil dropil.com group logic are constantly monitored and managed human oversight ensure the best possible overall portfolio performance and diversification. there are comprehensive security measures overseeing the safety dex and the trading carried out the bot. there are automatic and manual protections place for, but not limited to, api issues, connectivity, exchange, and operating system issues. drop tokens the coin created and offered dropil will the drop token, and will erc protocol standard coin. erc was chosen ensure the upmost compatibility form, and quickly execute partnerships with both exchanges, and other companies down the road this project continues seek out ways offer value added features its users and the community whole. has been designed with decimal places comply with the encouraged but not compulsatory standard for erc tokens. the drop token creation will hard capped billion coins, this amount coins reflects strategic calculations support, first and foremost, the ideal scale the trading platform where performs optimally respect volume managed assets. this ensures that the scale managed capital always remains within the optimal ratio relative overall market cap continue producing quoted returns users. the amount tokens also included calculations achieve the dispersal what consider ideal sized user base, allowing for the coins traded exchanges and kept circulation with initial value that would promote wide spread and adoption the token. the low cost entry along with the necessity the coin participate the features dropil and dex intended first drive large user base implementation while also maintaining initial and expanding demand for the token. dropil dropil.com ico there chance for the total number drops reduced. all coins allotted for the ico (initial coin offering), billion total, that are not sold during the ico will burned and thus removed permanently from the total available supply. the total supply will owned dropil the company wallet, which will used for future project capital well distribution team. the remaining tokens will separate vault wallet act reserves insuring ability instantly provide liquidity all requested client withdraws. the ico price will approximately usd per drop coin, however, the ico will accept only cryptocurrency with all transactions being done via coinpayments. the transaction fee for all purchases will covered dropil and not effecting the amount drops distributed participants. following the completion and closing the ico, there will audit period. during this time, all purchases and balances drop tokens dropil hosted wallets will reconciled and checked for accuracy. following the completion this audit period that any remaining token, any exist, will burned, permanently deducting them from the total supply. while users will able view their drop token balance their dropil hosted wallet shortly after purchase, all tokens remain locked wallets until the completion the above mentioned audit period. the next step will the dispersion period. dispersion ico purchased drop tokens works follows; the dropil hosted wallets will live for use the wallet owner the start this phase. once the wallets are live, users can leave the drop tokens their hosted wallet, send dex within the system for investment, withdrawn mew (my ethereum wallet), metamask, any .exe wallet that supports erc protocol. exchanges begin accept drop tokens all users will notified. dropil dropil.com who can benefit from dropil? those seeking stable, high payout investments with minimal maintenance/residual revenue generation. those who want combine the benefits algorithm trading with the benefits holding (hodl) coin that increases value into single product. those that want the benefits heavily diversified cryptocurrency portfolio with the low maintenance single coin. those who want protection from the current air volatility surrounding crypto currency exchanges and the coins themselves. those who want invest the blooming crypto market, but not have: large investable capital: there are number issues preventing the entrance investors with low initial capital from taking place the market such the usd minimum often required day trade, the limit proposed for many crypto exchanges, the private advisor whose clients must typically invest minimum $mm. basic trading knowledge: while majority the population would like earn additional income, they don't have basic understanding trading general, and even fewer the particulars the cryptocurrency markets. without least basic understanding, the odds are heavily against being able earn profit even break even. advanced trading knowledge: even with advanced ta, charting, and trading strategy training, the traditional success rate for those entering the field day trading varies based source, but agreed under success rate. this not because profit cannot generated from dropil dropil.com trading, but often caused human factors that dex immune such loss aversion, over confidence, and over trading. time constantly monitor markets: unlike traditional commodities and assets, the cryptocurrency market trades around the clock and around the globe does dex. risk threshold for trading even hodling: risk has always been key determining factor all investment and trading plans. the risk trading any assets near top the spectrum like cryptocurrencies, even high the point where buying and holding for long period (hodling) poses risk above the threshold many investors. those who have advanced trading skills, time, and capital and wants hedge their crypto investment portfolio with low maintenance and safe assets. those who want invest hodling but wants also add steady earning revenue stream their portfolio. those who want maintain their privacy investments. those who not wish partake robo investing that still want support and benefit from this growing sector the market via holding the token used integral mechanism the operation. those who want setup investments for the benefit another, such first start investment for their children. utilizing dex and drops all transaction into and out the dex system requires the use drop tokens exclusively, maintain number beneficial features the infrastructure. the first opportunity for people own drops will participating the dropil ico. following the completion the ico they will only available via trading exchanges the near future. there are plans the future offer buying, selling, and trading dropil dropil.com directly via the user portal including support for fiat. there will initially eight cryptocurrency coins (outlined the image below) accepted purchase drops. concern many participants the crypto space, mandating the use drops for all and out operations, well support for accepting privacy centric coins the ico phase, enables those who are inclined protect their anonymity provided they take the pertinent steps so. initial drop purchase support for logic dex alone able ensure impressive returns utilizing smart bot learning trading and number proven bot trading strategies. through substantial testing, have developed number bots that perform the utmost efficiency their respective market conditions. this does not mean simply running logic against back data and using optimizer for all possible variable values the code the bot. this would, without doubt, return less than stellar results going forward live trading, high scale, environments. this has become commonplace the crypto space with bots showing too good true results back data, only flop live exchange trading. dropil dropil.com all logic was designed and tweaked return the best possible combination characteristics past simply the largest paper return. another common downfall bot design allowing make many small trades, anywhere from trades per month single coin which back test data may show great return. live trading, this volume trades will net loss when slippage, fees, volume, and scale are present. better data will always allow for better results another major downside back data testing the quality the data itself. historical data often shows prices based time intervals such minute minutes which leaves lot true trades missing from the testing. during initial design spent considerable time gathering long reaching, full executed order data which allows for the consideration every trade made. this only small factor used the development our logic sets. the real benefit comes from our live exchange trading data for each once dex's strategies. stated above, great algo-trading only piece what makes dex such robust automated approach. each logic method belongs larger set, and this set monitored another layer automation that monitors the market, and based upon that, able swap the logic autonomously the one that will best perform according our set risk reward ratio. this logic spans number tried and true indicators, completely proprietary and developed indicators the dex developers. rest assured that all actions taken dex notify our team real time every move. this includes every position taken, logic swapped, returns netted, market being monitored and more. this done able ensure that everything runs smoothly. the versatility smart learning, logic, and quick swapping automation allow dex make returns any market condition, making ideal invest tool. dex's trading abilities are truly amazing, but there are still further investment protecting strategy used dropil mitigate risk and allow upside possibilities. each risk mode dex works with certain predefined currencies and exchanges. the makeup each group was cultivated include much diversification possible, matching currencies that dropil dropil.com historically track separate each other, this hedging allows dex lock profitable trades some assets while others may not performing. there further diversification for each mode across number trading exchanges ensure protection from volatility, technical, legal, political issues that any one exchange may experience. dex uses pooling approach for each mode, this means that all users like mode, risk type, contribute to, and receive returns, from that mode's pool. this allows massive advantage all traders, especially regards safety returns. with the pooling model there sufficient capital allow maximum diversification, need wait for particular position open close net profit, and need for the use margin, eliminating liquidation danger and lending costs. this strategy also allows for the hedging not only currencies, but also positions, described above; course, only when all preset safety criteria met. wallets once the user portal setup and the user has logged in, there will unique "user drop wallet" displayed. this wallet personal and designed solely for the function sending and storing drop tokens within the dropil user portal. can accept deposits drop from any wallet exchange and can likewise send back either. additionally, can send deposit drops the user's "dex investment wallet." order access the functions the dex investment bot, the amount drops that the user wishes invest into dex must sent the "dex investment wallet." this wallet invests the available wallet funds placed into the investment bot operating the mode selected the user during setup. when user wants transfer drops into the dex investment system (dis) they must funding the dis via deposit their "dex investment wallet" which should only made from that user's "user drop wallet." any funds user's "user dropil dropil.com drop wallet" will remain there dormant unless acted the user, however, all funds placed the user's "dex investment wallet" will automatically invested soon they are received this wallet. the auto investment operation triggered the backend when the deposit initially sent the "dex investment wallet" from the "user drop wallet." the funds the "dex investment wallet" are sent from any other wallet, such exchange offline wallet, the automatic invest will not occur. the event this mistakenly happening, support ticket can opened remedy the situation. dropil dropil.com returns the user portal will walk the user through initial account setup, during this step the user will able set risk level that dex will use manage their investments going forward. later date user wants change their risk setting they are able from within the user portal. the change strategy will into effect during the next payout cycle. users can only set one risk strategy per user account; however, nothing prohibits separate user account from being created with different risk strategy making easy diversify holdings user's liking across multiple accounts with multiple wallet balances. this risk factor heavily influences the strategy that will utilized dex support the investment. the user interface was designed simple, clean, and easy interact with; however, the underlying investment strategy robust combination automated smart algo-trading and managed diversification aimed perform and net the highest returns within the constraints given risk tolerance. the following returns are the estimated standard for each respective mode: safe mode will average annual time weighted return the principal, moderate moves the returns estimate -%. finally, aggressive mode will return the principal funding. these numbers are arrived via substantial testing and averaging actual returns from live trading bots, these figures should not assumed best dropil dropil.com possible outcome uncommon, these are the baseline standards that can reasonably expected. the above stated returns are time weighted over one year for ease estimation for the average user, however dex has proven very stable returns and monthly percentage return easily estimated follows for those who prefer that metric; safe mode moderate mode aggressive mode monthly returns. the current returns user has made are displayed live time their dex investment wallet located the dex investment tab their user portal. principal amount, which also able user manipulated any point, returns netted, and total wallet value are all displayed live time here. there never hold any principal deposits within dropil. any principal drops may withdrawn deposited any point without penalty. any amount drops placed into the dex investment wallet, and thus default invested dex will generate returns. order withdraw reinvest these returns, the principal that was used create them must stay invested for minimum days. this applies only generated returns, the principal never has hold and may withdrawn any time. all new investment amounts are automatically subjected their own -day clock solely for that amount. new investments will not restart the clock for any amount already matured. auto reinvested funds are exempt from the clock entirely. dropil dropil.com all returns are paid the user drop tokens, which serves number purposes which includes clear advantages for the user. drops may withdrawn from the dex investment wallet (diw) user portal wallet any supporting wallet outside the dropil environment including user owned wallets directly exchanges that accept drops. from exchanges via peer peer (pp), users may sell/trade drops for any currency they wish. requiring drops for all and out operations dex and related services ensures future demand for the drop token that users and dropil dropil.com hodlers can sure its appreciation value over time. this appreciation value also offers further gains those investors beyond the above stated expected returns. affiliate during the ico launch phase there will additional incentive for users help spread dropil. following the ico there will more affiliate program, will closed the same day the ico with all affiliate rewards being credited user wallets that time. following sign from within the user portal, affiliate link can generated the "affiliates" page emailed shared with others. for every user account created from this affiliate link, the sender will credited with the total purchase any their referrals, which will added their drops wallet balance. see you soon dropil believes the bright future crypto both form currency and wide reaching technical industry and related services. envision democratizing investments, allowing all levels capital and experience access reliable and impressive gains with easy manage risk. ease setup, minimal maintenance, and clear reporting backed top level security were all elements that knew were necessary make the lowest barrier entrance and the highest level adoption for the dropil platform. please join for our ico and product launch.