duo network ecosystem whitepaper duo network limited aug version abstract the rapid growth crypto market fueled combination speculation and innovation; however, persistently elevated price volatility has become major obstacle for the real-world adoption blockchain technology. help market participants navigate such volatile market conditions, present decentralized platform named duo network, which enables issuance, trading, and settlement tokenized crypto derivatives. mainly consists collateralized autonomous tokens (cat), price oracle, cat exchange, and duo network token. the platform aims reduce risks and barriers traditional derivative transactions, through collateralized smart contracts and distributed price feeds, thereby creating transparent and autonomous derivative marketplace. keywords: volatility, trustless, collateralized, autonomous, tokenized, derivatives, exchanges contents introduction collateralized autonomous token mechanism and lifecycle products dual-class tokens options mechanism collateral recycling use cases dynamic margin underlying replication collateral compression supporting systems price oracle cat exchange duo network token utilities token allocation road map team introduction the majority blockchain economies their nascent years can characterized deterministic market supply, unrestricted growth users and transactions, and lack consistent fundamentals help anchor their intrinsic value. the result elevated price volatility. this lack price stability cryptocurrencies inevitably detracts value from their real-world applications and may ultimately raise the hurdle for their mass adoption medium transaction store value. intrigued this conundrum and inspired similar topic international economics, hereby propose the impossible trinity cryptocurrencies: blockchain economy cannot achieve all three goals below the same time. pursuing any two these goals, the community must forgo the third. deterministic currency supply free growth ecosystem activities price-stability the underlying currency have seen various attempts achieve price stability through mechanisms either backed fiat involving altering the supply and liquidity the currency. however, the fundamental spirits blockchain economy terms autonomy and decentralism are often compromised the process. there has viable solution for managing price volatilities without severely sacrificing the core design principles the blockchain economy. volatility puzzle crypto market has displayed persistently elevated levels volatility unseen any other asset classes. the disturbing aspect such volatility its rather spurious nature, where market could gap down with almost significant change the tangible economic value. the advent blockchain technology celebrated because the power holds disintermediate and democratize finance. but extremely right-skewed distribution the wealth creation cryptocurrencies has become inconvenient paradox that can longer ignore. such inequalities can attributed the excess volatility, compounded information asymmetry and lack market instruments manage such volatilities. the market matures, will likely see greater demand for instruments hedge against price risks. lack trust despite the trustless and democratizing nature cryptocurrencies, the majority the trading volumes are paradoxically concentrated centralized exchanges known vulnerable attacks and frauds. trading over centralized platforms, the public placing confidence institutions with short and unregulated track record. trading decentralized assets centralized exchanges has set the stage for repeated security breaches and mishandling funds, private keys, and user data. decentralized exchanges continue overcome their design and implementation bottlenecks, natural expect community preference for security and autonomy outweigh performance concerns, thereby driving redistribution liquidity. decentralized volatility solutions trustless and autonomous witnessed traditional markets, successful development derivative market often testament the depth and maturity the underlying asset class. address the problems high volatility, inadequate liquidity, and lack risk management tools, propose new framework for crypto derivative contracts collateralized autonomous token (cat). our tokenized smart contract design means that each derivative contract trades immutable token with payoff terms fully captured the smart contract and enforced through the price oracle. price oracle developed in-house administer distributed price feeds ensure relevant, timely, and unfettered market inputs. facilitate quoting and trading derivatives, also need marketplace where traders, investors, and other users can access the cat contracts. decentralized platform, subject certain performance limitations being addressed, the most natural platform due its advantages being trustless, private, and secure compared their centralized counterparts. given the innovative features cats, have not found any existing dex exchange which can accommodate cats with desired performance and functionality. therefore, part the supporting infrastructure, plan developing new decentralized exchange based protocol, order provide complete trading experience for cats. collateralized autonomous token collateralized autonomous token defines set standards for the issuance, redemption and settlement crypto derivatives. more specifically, cats possess below key features: collateralized cat's value backed digital assets held its custodian smart contract. splittable custodian may create two more payoff classes cats, each representing partial claim the underlying collateral. the split can based seniority, levels risk other option payoff structures. fungible cats are two-way convertible with corresponding collaterals. they can created from depositing collaterals into the custodian smart contract, redeemed back into collaterals anytime during its lifecycle. the mechanism enforces the net asset value (nav) parity between cats and their underlying collaterals, and allows market self-correct any price dislocations. autonomous streamlined issuance and settlement procedures mean reduced adminstrative costs and lower entry barriers. distributed price oracles help create fair and objective reflection the underlying asset value and safeguard against price manipulations. the result high degrees transparency and market autonomy. tokenized all cats are erc- compatible. allowing storage and trading across most existing wallets and exchanges, make possible for derivative positions freely transferred and not bound any centralized venue. believe cross-platform trading tokenized derivatives holds the key efficient market improving decentralized liquidity and price discovery. all derivative products offered duo network are cat compliant. mechanism and lifecycle all our cat products have the following mechanism and lifecyle: figure cat mechanism lifecycle creation the process underwriting that market maker collateralizes crypto assets the custodian smart contract and receives cats issued the contarct. market making market makers can sell all part the issued cats open market respective investors. redemption anytime before settlement,the cats can merged redeem the collateralized assets through the custodian smart contract. settlement under predetermined settlement conditions (maturity, upward/downward reset etc.), the custodian smart contract will calculate and distribute the payoff cat holders. products duo network offers numerous types cat products. leveraging our innovative split and collateral recycling framework, hereby present our dual-class tokens, options, and structured products, tailored investors with various objectives and risk appetites. more details implementation will outlined the upcoming technical yellowpapers. dual-class tokens the consumption and transaction utilities many crypto assets, for instance network fuel and medium exchange, can clearly benefit from short term price stability. however, the issue extreme volatility for many crypto assets ultimately market property driven myriad technological well speculative factors, and can only addressed introducing market instruments that create effective mechasim for transfering risk among market participants. took inspiration from the dual-class fund structures that gained popularity the stock market, and engineered mechanism where could convert basic crypto asset (e.g. ether) into dual-class structure, i.e. two classes cats, with each class representing different risk-return profile the underlying. beethoven our pioneer product, beethoven smart contract, split the underlying crypto asset into income cat which provides stable stream fixed income, and leverage cat which provides leveraged capital gains linked the underlying asset, with funds borrowed from the entire creation and redemption lifecycle beethoven well its associated price reset mechanisms have been throughly tested our public testnet event with the production release projected for figure beethoven mechanism income cat accumulates and pays interests based its original net value fiat currency (e.g. usd) previous settlement. possible split income cat into another tier income cat and leverage cat further reduce volatility, based extensions the academic whitepaper. leverage cat gains leveraged return the underlying digital assets. think leverage cat holders borrow capital from income cat holders invest the underlying crypto. mozart provide more diversified payoffs under dual-class structure, also have plans implement additional smart contract named mozart way for market short the underlying. while income cat and leverage cat only allow the holder either flat long, short cat enables investor express bearish view the underlying crypto asset. utilizing the two-way fungible property and dual-class structure, the mozart smart contract designed effectly bind speculators with opposing market views under the dual class token structure. figure mozart mechanism short cat short-sells the crypto asset (-x) and stands benefits from downward price movement the underlying. long cat has leverage where the additional leverage obtained from the short cat class. options option gives contract holder the right buy (call option) sell (put option) the underlying asset specific price (strike price) future date. european option can only exercised maturity date, while american option exercisable any time during the life the option. the third type, named bermudan option, could early exercised within predetermined period time before maturity. options introduce element asymmetry any linear risk exposure. combining calls and puts across different strikes and expiries gives investor strategic payoff wishes customize risk reversals, strangles, digitals, calendar spreads, and on. options and stable coins are both trying address the same problem the crypto market excess volatility. however, options provide greater payoff customizability and possibility trading volatility asset class. currently, investors are only able trade options limited centralized exchanges and have deal with counterparty risk and potential single source failure. moreover, the option chains are predefined, investor might still struggle find his her desired trading pair and level. tackle this problem, propose implement tokenized options through smart contracts, allowing autonomous, customization, and trustless position transfers. convention and scope let take the crypto pair dai/eth example, call dai/eth equivalent put eth/dai, with exchange rate inverted. note that both cases, dai the call currency, and eth the put currency. duo network platform will support trading any erc- token pairs long there are reliable and tradable quotes. future extensions are also achievable with cross-ledger solutions. mechanism vanilla call option gives investor unlimited upside price the underlying asset increases, whereas vanilla put options protected investors from the downside the strike level. simultaneously longing european call and shorting european put, investor creates synthetic long forward position, expressing bullish view without explicitly holding the underlying asset. the parity famously known put call parity, and the strategy combining long call short put called risk reversal. parity ke-rt call writer faces unlimited potential loss. addition, investors the call option faces counterparty risk option writer might not able honor the obliged settlement. limit the risk, covered call frequently used strategy where one writes call while holding the underlying asset. observed from the put call parity, covered call position will derive similar payoff shorting put. tokening options makes much easy for even ordinary investor exploit opportunities across the volatility surfaces through long/short combinations calls and puts. below propose our split mechanism that can create call option cat and covered call option cat depositing call currency custodian smart contract. two way fungible depositing the call currency collateral into the governing smart contract, market maker can create call cat (c) and covered call cat redeem the collateral simply requires combining call and covered call position, the combined cats always equals the collateral. note that market makers who consider put option pair could still use the covered call structure inverting the base/quote token and strike price. figure split mechanism collateral recycling demonstrated the vanilla call/covered call splitting mechanism, fully collateralizing the underlying digital asset effectively minimizes counterparty and settlement risk derivative transactions. most derivative markets, however, margins are calculated function mark-to-market valuation. therefore, even under decentralized approach, the idea posting collateral regardless option's payoff and moneyness not shows lack economic sensitivity but also incurs unneccesary costs. one solution recycling: corporates receiving collaterals reverse repo transaction could use the same collateral fulfill derivative transaction requirement. the concept "recycling repo" inspires effectively address the issue overcollateralization our platform through key mechanism, named collateral recycling. what this means that the vanilla call cat created under first split can also used collateral for further splitting based net asset value (nav short) parity. the most basic case, buyer call option token with strike can recollateralize his long call position underwrite another call with strike further out the money call. the advantage collateral recycling that substantially reduces the funding requirement. high cost acquiring and maintaining the collateral could disincentivize option sellers from selling low delta options, thereby stifling price discovery across strikes. from practitioner's standpoint, the introduction collateral recycling not only optimizes costs underwriting but also provides range essential catalysts option supply dynamics. worth highlighting that collaterals can recycled recursively where the buyer strike call above can turn choose underwrite new call cat with the intuition behind this consistent with market practice many other asset classes, where further out-of-the-money strike supply typically comes from option buyers near-the-money strikes. except for niche group traders who trade volatility asset class, most are expressing view the underlying via options which case the long option holders may need fund his position selling out-of-the-money calls subject the right risk-reward. for instance, knock-out features options are often included payoffs only when the seller has existing long vol exposure. therefore, see natural extension the vanilla call/covered call split mechanism because collateral instrument agnostic whether underlying asset option thereon. other words, the platform universally allows selling any optionality that subset the option seller's existing claim the underlying asset. more details the applications will discussed the next section. figure cat collateral recycling mechanism use cases have below uses cases elaborate our split and collateral recycling framework. all the options hereby are european style, which means that they can only exercised maturity date. case call spread call spread strategy involves buying and selling two call options different strike levels. bull bear call spread are often used express views the asset price movement with little premium cost. construct call spread, investor might attempt purchase call and covered call cat the same time; however, more economical solution for market maker split call option struke into call spread trade and another long call struck parity c(k (c(k c(k c(k other strategies such strangle, collar, etc. could split similar fashions. figure cat collateral recycling call call spread case barrier options knock option only becomes valid when hitting the barrier level, whereas knock out option becomes invalid upon hitting. given the additional constraints, barrier options should intuitively cheaper than otherwise equivalent vanilla option. fact, the combination knock-in and knock-out options equals vanilla option the same strike level and maturity. parity knock knock out vanilla collateral recycling enables market maker reuse the created vanilla call position collateral and create variations barrier options, vice versa. figure cat collateral recycling knock knock out case tail call most liquidity and demand more concentrated near the at-the-money (atm) strikes with implied vol that easy model, market making deep out-of-the-money call (otm) pledging the full collateral often not economically viable due the complication funding cost, even the option premium itself justifiable. however, collateral recycling provides simple solution. one way leverage bear call spread, where market maker can deposit one atm call that creates call spread with deeper otm call higher strike. another interesting example follows: consider longing european up-and-in call option that pays maturity and shorting digital call option that pays then the terminal payoff will either zero. other words, vanilla call struck parity knock option (k, =vanilla call (b)+digital call (b) through depositing up-and-in atm call selected barrier levels, market maker can easily making market for otm vanilla and digital calls. the mechanism not only greatly reduces the barrier enter the trade but also provides much cheaper funding solution. case structured products order sustain deep and liquid market for options and other derivatives, healthy demand for structured products often needed. such products suit passive investors who wish express certain medium long term view, which realized would provide higher payout, hence the term yield enhancement products. these structured payoffs provide the option supply vital the developement the option market and subsequent need for delta trading the underlyings. however, many such products traditional markets feature high entry barriers and fees due illiquidity and institutional stronghold. with the development decentralized derivative market, disruptions structured payoffs may soon ensue. for instance, client looking overlay certain conditionality his payoff simply needs post the maximum downside payout he's expected pay seamless extension from our vanilla examples. take accumulators for example, accumulator could viewed series future positions. discussed earlier on, synthetic future postion could created from longing call and shorting put the same strike. market maker could therefore, leverage series risk reversal trade construct accumulator contract. take basket options another example, investors with exposure few currency pairs can consider trading them together basket with strike the basket value. the merit tokenization that underlying asset could fractioned into any amount. applying cat basket underlyings, investors can benefit from diversification effect and cheaper cost hedging. dynamic margin the two way fungible property, splitting, and collateral recycling mechanism has provided effective solution manage the collateral token derivatives transaction any point time. tie-up the margin requirement with traditional otc instruments, would beneficial and more cost effective calculate dynamic margin based current mark market value and future expected exposure. however, the performance and scalability ethereum blockchain bottlenecked dynamic margin implementation. forceful implementation possible but both observation frequency and calculation speed would limited. with the mainstream blockchain technology tackling scalability issue through sharding, plasma and etc, put dynamic margin trading our future pipeline perform plasma other high performance side chain. underlying replication should noted that liquid and well-functioning futures market important precondition for the development options market given crypto underlying. this because hedging options requires delta-trading the forward futures contract order achieve exact replication, and forward rates are key inputs for accurate mark-to-market valuation and margin calculation. traditional exchange traded options markets, the underlyings are typically futures traded within the same exchange, for instance treasury e-mini futures. crypto market delta-one derivatives are very much their infancy where liquidity futures congregated front end tenors and otc forwards negotiated further out the curve are impractical for dynamic hedging. addition, current futures liquidity found primarily centralized exchanges and will take time for decentralized solutions materially disrupt this space. therefore, complete derivatives marketplace under duo network for the trading and hedging options this moment will need supported liquid but centralization-agnostic futures market, seeking potential collaboration with existing exchanges. collateral compression for market participants holding portfolios call/covered call positions, the implicit collaterals pledged for holding the covered call position could quite costly. notice that any combination call/covered call position could viewed call spread, which has limited upside and downside, plus the underlying asset. then follows that compressing two legs options together, the underlying used collateral could released from the combined structure. hence, can imagine super dealer who willing collect separate legs from individual traders, and return them compressed structure token plus collateral rebate less fee. the collateral compression mechanism will enable traders claw back some the collateral posted, while the super dealer essentially provide funding for traders earn fee. supporting systems price oracle deriviatives are priced based no-arbitrage principle against the replicating portfolio. thus, the core derivative pricing and trading the ability hedge derivative with the underlying. current crypto markets, centralized exchanges provide the best liquidity for our underlying assets and consequently execute hedges for derivatives. the price fix the underlying should possess set desirable characteristics relevance, timeliness and manipulation resistance. ensure those properties, recent exchange trades over short period are aggregated into price fix weighted trading volume across exchanges. order books are not taken into consideration not resistant manipulation. aim evetually decentralize the oracle price fixing scheme. require tradable traded price for pricing fix, predictions based perceived values are irrelevant. therefore, schelling scheme not option. connecting external price sources smart contracts also not acceptable the data source vulnerable manipulation and third-party risk. plan move the oracle system proof stake scheme part the duo token ecosystem. cat exchange building new decentralized exchange (dex) not isolated objective but way creating marketplace for cats. having reviewed all current dex platforms, identified the need build our own exchange order provide desired combination performance, functionality, and user experience. full comparison exchanges can found the table below. exchange deposit price discovery centralized exchanges dex.top etherdelta idex bancor airswap kyber protocol market market market market magic equation dealer dealer market order book off-chain off-chain off-chain off-chain off-chain trustless maker free entry compatibility !!! table cat exchange candidates inherently required the design cat, the custodian must able access user's wallet address and adjust balance directly based the payoff trigger condition the contract. therefore, exchange requires asset deposit from users, must mirror the contractual adjustments made the custodian for cats work properly that exchange. currently, all centralized exchanges and some decentralized exchanges such etherdelta, idex, and dex.top come under this asset deposit category. cats can potentially trade these exchanges though not all desired features cat are currently supported. another option bancor which prices are dictated predefined equation resembling planned economy rather than market forces. this rather undesirable because under decentralized approach, expect price discovery for all derivatives market-driven whereas models should only serve price guidance. other exchanges such airswap and kyber are technically compatible with cats most aspects. however, the lack order book depth beyond authorized dealer's bid/offer risks causes inefficient price discovery the market without enabling all participants make and take prices with equal market access. order-book-based liquidity platform therefore much more appealing for cat than the dealer quoted model. all factors considered, conclude that the moment, protocol the only viable choice that meets most our requirement for the listing and trading cats and are free build our own relayer. the reason cannot use existing relayer such radarelay ddex the need for certain logical implementation addition standard relayer. for example, the order book for dual class tokens must purged after every reset event. option tokens require user interface optimized for volatility trading. furthermore, third party relayers cannot guarantee timely listing and delisting cats especially the issuance volume cats picks up. therefore, building our own relayer ensures the undisrupted user access the marketplace. are closely monitoring viable blockchain technology improve trading speed and support cross-chain asset swaps. plasma, similar the idea bitcoin lightening network, blockchain-of-blockchain design with ethereum the main chain for securing assets. when plasma advances more mature stage, high performance dex with fully trustless, on-chain order book can then implemented. cross-chain trading can make dexes more powerful and easier use. currently, there are several blockchain solutions attempting achieve cross-chain trading, such notary schemes, sidechains/relays, and hash locking. aim make our cat exchange support cross-chain trading the near future. duo network token the duo network token erc- token with limited supply. the design duo network requires token which value implicitly linked the growth and adoption the network. duo network token functions medium exchange among network participants, smart contracts, and the duo community whole. utilities the precise scope the duo network will developed further and will announced once finalised. the following features are planned for duo network token. price oracle node network participants can stake their duo tokens become node our price oracle. penalties and rewards are distributed duo tokens based difference between each node's price feed and the accepted price. duo protocol node network participants can also stake their duo tokens become super node and able propose new custodian specifications. governance aim create community-based governance model. any duo token holders can vote proportionally protocol decisions and development based duo token balance. conversion fee all custodian contracts duo network charge small percent fees cat conversions. users can choose pay fees eth duo. early stage payments duo will discounted encourage token adoption. price service fee external users can use our price oracle pricing service, charged form duo token. community rewards the network provides its participants with incentive scheme similar mining blockchains. instead recording transactions blockchain, the network recognizes conversion arbitraging, which helps stabilizing the token prices, the mining operation. addition arbitrage profits, the network rewards participating users with duo tokens. the detailed reward scheme will released later stage. token allocation total supply duo network tokens duo for sale community ecosystem incentive long-term operation reserve team incentive advisors compliance table duo network token allocation road map the duo development team works collaborative and agile pace. are looking launch products main net will publish more detailed road map through community channels. team crypto products markets team crypto markets team headed jerry li. jerry graduated from national university singapore (nus) with highest distinction quantitative finance. worked citigroup and ss&c hedge fund valuation, where built the regional quantitative team, and advised multiple billiondollar hedge funds valuation policy and derivatives strategies. before joining citigroup, jerry was sales trading analyst ubs investment bank. the team has over years cumulative trading and financial engineering experiences global financial institutions, including citigroup, ihs markit and hsbc. tech engineering team tech engineering team directly led cto, yizhou cao. yizhou worked nomura securities for forex proprietary trading and credit suisse for fixed income echnology. experienced trading and large-scale system development. yizhou graduated from nus with highest distinction quantitative finance and statistics. his thesis formulated comprehensive model stochastic control framework for strategic transmission costly information problem continuous time setting. the team comprised experienced developers proficient cloud solution architect, information security, machine learning, smart contract developments, and website design. their backgrounds include accenture, deloitte, fuji xerox, huawei and pimco. advisors steven kou questrom professor management boston university professor kou the director risk management institute and the class chair professor the national university singapore (nus). before joining nus, professor kou worked columbia university, university michigan, and rutgers university. world-renowned expert financial engineering and applied probability. has published numerous journals including management science, operations research, mathematical finance, and received the erlang prize the applied probability society informs. terms financial engineering, professor kou well-known for his research the double exponential jump diffusion model and models for growth stocks, which have been widely used wall street. currently the co-area editor financial engineering area operations research and associate editor matbuhematical finance, mathematics operations research, journal business and economic statistics, statistica sinica, etc. min dai professor national university singapore director center quantitative finance professor dai the director center quantitative finance and deputy director risk management institute the national university singapore (nus). before joining nus, professor dai taught peking university. has in-depth research portfolio selection, trading strategies and derivatives pricing. has published numerous journals including journal economic dynamics control, journal economic theory, management science, mathematical finance, mathematics operations research, review financial studies, siam journals. currently associate editor siam journal financial mathematics, journal economic dynamics control, mathematics and financial economics etc. head capital singapore holds master degree from national university singapore computer engineering. prior capital, mr. worked senior software engineer visa. highly experienced value-driven blockchain investment.