decentralised big data and machine learning network powered computing-centric blockchain the dxchain team (support@dxchain.com) last updated: june version (draft) disclaimer: this white paper intended technical overview. for community discussion purpose and not intended the final design. notice please read the entirety this "notice" section carefully. nothing this whitepaper constitutes legal, financial, business tax advice and you should consult your own legal, financial, tax other professional advisor(s) before engaging any activity connection herewith. neither dxchain foundation ltd. (the foundation any the project team members (the dxchain team) who have worked the dxchain network (as defined herein) project develop the dxchain network any way whatsoever, any distributor/vendor (the distributor), nor any service provider shall liable for any kind direct indirect damage loss whatsoever which you may suffer connection with accessing this whitepaper, the website http://dxchain.com (the website) any other websites materials published the foundation. all contributions will applied towards the advancing, promoting the research, design and development of, and advocacy for decentralised parallel-computing environment that supports big data and machine learning, well data storage, data exchange and big data computation for the data. the foundation, the distributor and their various affiliates would develop, manage and operate the dxchain network. this whitepaper intended for general informational purposes only and does not constitute prospectus, offer document, offer securities, solicitation for investment, any offer sell any product, item asset (whether digital otherwise). the information herein below may not exhaustive and does not imply any elements contractual relationship. there assurance the accuracy completeness such information and representation, warranty undertaking purported provided the accuracy completeness such information. where this whitepaper includes information that has been obtained from third party sources, the foundation and/or the dxchain team have not independently verified the accuracy completion such information. further, you acknowledge that circumstances may change and that this whitepaper may become outdated result; and the foundation under obligation update correct this document connection therewith. this whitepaper does not constitute any offer the foundation, the distributor the dxchain team sell any (as defined herein) nor shall any part nor the fact its presentation form the basis of, relied upon connection with, any contract investment decision. nothing contained this whitepaper may relied upon promise, representation undertaking the future performance the dxchain network. the agreement between the distributor and you, relation any sale and purchase governed only the separate terms and conditions such agreement. accessing this whitepaper any part thereof, you represent and warrant the foundation, its affiliates, and the dxchain team follows: (a) any decision purchase any dx, you have not relied any statement set out this whitepaper; (b) you will and shall your own expense ensure compliance with all laws, regulatory requirements and restrictions applicable you (as the case may be); (c) you acknowledge, understand and agree that may have value, there guarantee representation value liquidity for dx, and not for speculative investment; (d) none the foundation, its affiliates, and/or the dxchain team members shall responsible for liable for the value dx, the transferability and/or liquidity and/or the availability any market for through third parties otherwise; and (e) you acknowledge, understand and agree that you are not eligible purchase any you are citizen, national, resident (tax otherwise), domiciliary and/or green card holder geographic area country (i) where likely that the sale would construed the sale security (howsoever named) investment product and/or (ii) which access participation the token sale the dxchain network prohibited applicable law, decree, regulation, treaty, administrative act, and/or (including without limitation the united states america, canada, new zealand, people's republic china). without prejudice the generality any term any document between you and the distributor the foundation, the restricted countries shall follows: usa, china, new zealand, canada, cuba, north korea, serbia, tunisia, somalia, zimbabwe, congo, south sudan, sudan (north), sudan (darfur), turkey, iran, iraq, libya, syria, ethiopia, yemen, sri lanka, and venezuela. the foundation, the distributor and the dxchain team not and not purport make, and hereby disclaims, all representations, warranties undertaking any entity person (including without limitation warranties the accuracy, completeness, timeliness reliability the contents this whitepaper any other materials published iii the foundation). the maximum extent permitted law, the foundation, the distributor, their related entities and service providers shall not liable for any indirect, special, incidental, consequential other losses any kind, tort, contract otherwise (including, without limitation, any liability arising from default negligence the part any them, any loss revenue, income profits, and loss use data) arising from the use this whitepaper any other materials published, its contents (including without limitation any errors omissions) otherwise arising connection with the same. prospective purchasers should carefully consider and evaluate all risks and uncertainties (including financial and legal risks and uncertainties) associated with the token sale, the foundation, the distributor and the dxchain team. the information set out this whitepaper for community discussion only and not legally binding. person bound enter into any contract binding legal commitment relation the acquisition dx, and virtual currency other form payment accepted the basis this whitepaper. the agreement for sale and purchase and/or continued holding shall governed separate set terms and conditions token purchase agreement (as the case may be) setting out the terms such purchase and/or continued holding (the terms and conditions), which shall separately provided you made available the website. the event any inconsistencies between the terms and conditions and this whitepaper, the terms and conditions shall prevail. this only conceptual whitepaper describing the future development goals for the dxchain network developed. this whitepaper may amended replaced from time time. there are obligations update this whitepaper provide recipients with access any information beyond what provided this whitepaper. all statements contained this whitepaper, statements made press releases any place accessible the public and oral statements that may made the foundation, the distributor and/or the dxchain team may constitute forward-looking statements (including statements regarding intent, belief current expectations with respect market conditions, business strategy and plans, financial condition, specific provisions and risk management practices). you are cautioned not place undue reliance these forward-looking statements given that these statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause the actual future results materially different from that described such forward-looking statements, and independent third party has reviewed the reasonableness any such statements assumptions. these forward-looking statements are applicable only the date this whitepaper and the foundation and the dxchain team expressly disclaims any responsibility (whether express implied) release any revisions these forward-looking statements reflect events after such date. the use any company and/or platform names trademarks herein (save for those which relate the foundation its affiliates) does not imply any affiliation with, endorsement by, any third party. references this whitepaper specific companies and platforms are for illustrative purposes only. this whitepaper may translated into language other than english and the event conflict ambiguity between the english language version and translated versions this whitepaper, the english language version shall prevail. you acknowledge that you have read and understood the english language version this whitepaper. part this whitepaper copied, reproduced, distributed disseminated any way without the prior written consent the foundation. abstract dxchain network big data and machine learning network which powered computing-centric blockchain with native protocol token (also called "dx"). its end users can potentially use this network data exchange platform trade data and business intelligence analytics platform analyse data for supporting business insights. unlike bitcoin and ethereum, where the incentives are driving miners sustain the huge amount computation needed maintain the blockchain consensus, the dxchain network provides miners incentives based the usefulness the work that they passively provide: storage and computation. since this storage platform designed through using principle decentralisation, the protocol has mechanism control the reliability the file access. garnering the benefits network and hadoop hdfs file systems, the robustness and accessibility intended ensured. dxchain network will incorporate hadoop its system industry-proven big data platform. dxchain network designed assign several roles manage and schedule jobs the system which achieves the computation goal centralised parallel computing system. built top the dxchain network, collection tools would developed speed the computation and analysis process. additionally, machine learning algorithms can potentially built upon these facilitate more computing-driven tasks. the time retrieving files, dxchain network also designed support computation which provides more flexibility data exchange. with the smart contract, this platform intended especially useful for decentralising data, building and running distributed applications. this white paper introduces the dxchain network, decentralised big data and machine learning network, powered computing-centric blockchain with four major innovations: new decentralised computing framework introduce probable data computing and verification game; new chains-on-chain design orchestrate master chain and two side chains--data side chain and computing side chain; incorporate hadoop dxchain network facilitate big data and machine learning; flexible and powerful dxchain network-based system architecture dedicatedly designed support most business data exchange and data analytics requirements. table contents blockchain history and motivation behind dxchain network introduction dxchain network dxchain network design principle architecture dxchain network architecture overview chains-on-chain structure computing hadoop dxchain network: blockchain architecture design overview system architecture master blockchain data side chain computing side chain communication cross chains storage data model consensus protocol provable data possession vii proof spacetime data model usage and sale token computing machine consensus protocol computation verification game provable data computation usage dxchain network computing platform history hadoop map-reduce dxchain network tool set dxchain network privacy with data analytics introduction encrypting sensitive information without private key disclosure anonymous sharing data differential privacy usage dxchain network. dxchain network-powered ecosystems automated data sample collection and model training smart city healthcare viii risks uncertain regulations and enforcement actions inadequate disclosure information competitors loss talent failure develop security weaknesses other risks future research work conclusion acknowledgements references chapter blockchain history and motivation behind dxchain network blockchain undeniably ingenious technological invention the heart bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies[, the brainchild the person group people known the pseudonym satoshi nakamoto. blockchain form digitised and decentralised public ledger; used all cryptocurrency transactions. the distributed ledger type database that shared, replicated and synchronised among the members network. records the transactions, such the exchange assets data, among the participants the network. since the bitcoin network started january many other cryptocurrencies have emerged. the most popular consensus protocols are still based the idea from nakamoto either proof work (pow) proof stake (pos)[, however, the consensusbased protocol nakamoto uses huge amount computational power maintain the blockchain itself but does not provide useful work for the community. proof useful work (upow)[, has been proposed utilise this computational power. however, there are only few cryptocurrencies that really use upow. plasma[] uses the mapreduce idea distribute computational tasks from the main chain its side chains; doing this could decrease transaction latency and increase process throughput. however, the main focus plasma still processing transactions. morpheo[] another platform that supports machine learning computations. made four different parts: local client running data provider machines; cloud storage; cloud computation resources and private blockchain network. this system uses cloud computation resources create trustworthy environment; therefore, protects the privacy the data and avoids the verification the correctness the computation. however, this ultimately centralised system computation. golem[] another platform that provides supercomputer services. golem builds transaction framework top ethereum and the code executed the sandbox. the end users will publish the code into the community, which validators that review the codes approve and rate the transaction model. unfortunately, there are existing solutions the market provide decentralised parallel-computing environment that supports big data and machine learning. dxchain network incorporates hadoop with blockchain fill this gap. dxchain network envisaged comprehensive platform that provides data storage, data exchange and big data computation for the data the system. the next two chapters will provide overview the function and system design, while the following chapters will give more detailed explanations. chapter introduction dxchain network functionally, the entire system designed platform provide big data and machine learning related computation services with the support decentralised data storage services. database query and business intelligence tasks are performed for data that could not owned any commercial company but can traded and stored the dxchain network. this platform designed connect personal computers, well specificallydesigned miner machines, potentially facilitate easier data computation lower cost. dxchain network provides two fundamental capabilities: computation and storage. currently, only big companies have the capability run big data tasks, because not only can these companies afford expensive hardware but these companies also own most the existing consumer data. for example, google possesses the navigation data whoever that uses google maps. google maps users could find way sell their navigation data, then they will for economic reasons. users will not worry about their privacy since the data has already been seen and used google. third parties can sell navigation data, combined with other commercial data, then advertising campaigns will more accurate and customised. most importantly, big companies like google and facebook will not monopolise the usage these data. this the dream decentralisation. the dxchain network designed serve data trading platform for users who want sell their data. big data and machine learning computation intended make the use data easier and more flexible. chapter dxchain network design principle architecture the architecture dxchain network adapted from the ipfs[], hadoop hdfs[], gfs[], filecoin[], iota[], iotex[], plasma[], truebit[], morpheo[] and golem[]. the entire system designed based the principle incentivisation, which means that miners can maximise the utilisation unused storage resources and facilitate decentralised big data computations with lower costs and much conveniences. the following section will describe the architecture the dxchain network. the chains-on-chain design, storage and computing with consensus protocol well the incentive mechanism will explained the subsequent sections. dxchain network architecture overview dxchain network provides decentralised big data and machine learning computation with the support decentralised data storage. achieve this complex project, the dxchain team designing specific chains-on-chain structure-- which manages the master chain, storage chain and computation chain, reach the consensus and provide the incentive mechanism byzantine environment. peer-to-peer storage network, such interplanetary file system (ipfs)[], swarm and storj, provides flexible and extensible file system where the data-frame and schema can build. the storage chain built top the storage data model, which proof spacetime (post)[] validates whether the storage provider really stores the files. dxchain network will start with hadoop, the industry-proven big data platform, its computation engine. the hadoop running elements, such the job tracker, task tracker and workers, communicate with one another through using computational chain synchronise running jobs. with two consensus mechanisms: verification game and provable data computation (pdc), this chain would incentivise nodes that provide computation power. the master chain orchestrates the storage chain and the computation chain maintain the master chain blocks, where the participating nodes may provide storage and computation power obtain incentives. figure shows the high-level dxchain network infrastructure. from the figure, one can see how the master chain, storage chain and computation chain work together. figure illustration high-level dxchain network infrastructure. chains-on-chain structure the dxchain team designing the three-chain structure with two unique properties: master and side chains structure, immutable master chain and elastic side chains. property splits the chains according their functions. property solves the problems scalability, throughput and latency the blockchain. the master chain charge maintaining transactions. based experience from bitcoin and ethereum, this master chain kept immutable. the side chains the dxchain network are charge storage and computation. these two functions are time-bounded, that the blocks not need indefinitely store expired data. the dxchain team designing chain shortening algorithm which could remove unused data save valuable block space. computing most the popular blockchains are used for financial activity transactions, their computations are simply checking transactional records the chains; this type computation does not require lot resources. however, the computations running the dxchain network are intended support more general-purpose processing, such database query and mapreduce work. bitcoin uses blockchain store all its transaction records achieve consensus the network and this consensus needs more than half the active nodes agree. impossible store all computation states blockchain ensure computation consensus; therefore, the dxchain team uses two mechanisms ensure the correctness the computations: verification game algorithm and provable data computation (pdc). verification game algorithm designed system with three main types roles: solver, verifier and judge. this interactive system can testify the correctness computation procedure without wasting too much computation power. provable data computation (pdc) statistical framework testify the correctness computation results with few copies redundant computing. using verification game algorithm and pdc, dxchain network envisioned solve the problems outsourced computation and decentralised mining. therefore, mapreduce work could potentially performed this platform. hadoop hadoop[] industry-proven big data platform which includes hdfs for file storage, yarn mapreduce for job scheduling, well collection tools run distributed jobs. since hadoop centralised system, needs coordinators schedule jobs. the dxchain network designed adapt the hadoop ecosystem decentralised environment. order orchestrate the job tracker, task tracker and workers, computation chain designed keep the computation states the dxchain network-- used validate the correctness the computations and manage computation tasks. with the control the computation states, mapreduce pipeline can implemented the dxchain network. built mapreduce, collection tools such pig, hive and mahout intended implemented for database operations and machine learning algorithms. some business intelligence operations may established through using these tools. chapter dxchain network: blockchain architecture bitcoin has been great interest from among the decentralised cryptocurrency ledgers since however, the same time, very difficult for the pow consensus mechanism adapted new demands and accommodate new innovation. order keep the benefits blockchain, well make the chain light, fast and extendable, the dxchain team proposes new design with two layers blockchains chains-on-chain: master blockchain and side blockchains. the new system can more easily interoperate across chains for assets, data and messages. besides, the side chains only carry the data storage and computing tasks, technical innovation not hindered. design overview the master chain similar that bitcoin and ethereum-- stores the ledger and asset information such state, transaction and receipt, well the smart contracts. the master chain good for storing small pieces information since immutable. order support the complex data structure and computing information, the dxchain team proposes two side chains: data side chain (dsc)-- built upon distributed file storage system and stores the non-assets information. figure illustration dxchain network design overview. computing side chain (csc)-- unlike the hash mining (pow) bitcoin, designed for useful work solve real business problems and supports the specific computing task the dxchain virtual machine (dvm). the computing unit can read data from the dsc and also write the result back the dsc. after one job finishes, the final state, related cost and corresponding incentives are stored the master chain via smart contract. the intermediate states and task-level transaction information are kept either the dsc csc. with the smart contract across the master and side chains, the entire system can keep low cost the master chain, well high efficiency computing and data storage the side chains. system architecture the dxchain network, shown figure the master chain manages the overall transactions and the other two sides chains. the dsc and csc communicate with the master chain through the smart contracts dxchain network. besides, the dsc and the csc can interoperate each other through the chains-on-chain microservices, which includes the data and messages. the two side chains are designed solve the efficiency issue data storage and computing. the block structure extended store more data the block and reduce the frequencies the whole chain loading the same time. each side chain has its own consensus methods: the csc uses provable data computation (pdc) and verification game while the dsc uses proof spacetime(post). the master chain and two side chains perform different functionalities. even though these chains are interconnected through smart contracts and microservices, physically, the chains are still independent and isolated. the master chain completely unaffected even when the side chains are broken. any potential damage each individual side chain entirely confined itself. master blockchain the master chain uses ethereum-compatible data structure which composed hashlinked blocks. block collection relevant pieces meta-information, together with information corresponding the comprised transactions, states and receipts. the blocks are connected through hash pointers. unlike the bitcoin uxto-based model, dxchain network uses the accounts-based model store the transaction and asset information, which includes account states, transactions across accounts and receipts. similar ethereum, there are two types accounts: regular account and contract account. this data structured merkle patricia tree data model and stored all the node the network. valid transactions are added into the master chain enable the asset transfers between the master chain and side chains. the side chains use the same token from the master chain each can define its own secondary token with the network-defined rate. data side chain the data side chain (dsc) built peer-to-peer storage network, such ipfs swarm. the chain itself works incentive layer; not being used for data storage. proof spacetime (post) used the consensus method for the microtransactions. provides the foundation for the decentralised storage network. this case, the advantages include faster setting times, lower transaction fees, faster transaction speed, higher privacy and the ability for transparency. figure illustration data side chain (dsc) overview. the data and files are broken down into many small pieces; they are stored into the peer-to-peer storage network, such the interplanetary file system (ipfs). the metainformation and hash for each piece are stored the chain, known the file state, which similarly uses the merkle patricia tree structure. besides the hash value each block and the file itself, the dxchain team has also designed cross-chain uri for the file itself, that the data can easily accessible across the network and chains. between the data chain and storage network, the dxchain team has designed virtual logical layer, which includes the storage task giver, the miners for importing and exporting files and the verifier-- this layer termed the dxchain storage layer. figure illustration computing side chain (csc) overview. computing side chain the computing side chain (csc) has similar structure the dsc hash-linked and contains the header, transaction sets, contracts the dxchain network and data allocation. the transactions also use the merkle tree structure. figure illustrates the details how the csc facilitates mapreduce operations. client sends computation request the network and this request propagates through the network. each miner uses the csc obtain tasks. when task finishes, the working miner sends the confirmation the csc update the task status and obtain incentives. how the miners run mapreduce jobs will explained the later chapter. figure illustration dxchain cross chain communication protocol. communication cross chains figure illustrates the dxchain cross chain communication protocol, showing overview the transactions across the whole network. with transaction flow across the whole system between the master chain, dsc and csc, the illustration review the communication protocol general level. the task giver ("u") submits task the master chain. the miner the master chain needs check the following: the block valid format, including states, transactions, receivers, and contracts; the orders are valid; the pieces proof are valid; the cross-chain contract valid; the assets the master chain are locked and transferred the csc. the solver and verifier the csc will load the code and data into the dxchain virtual machine (dvm) and execute the code inside the dvm including parallel computation and verification tasks. the miner the csc needs to: check the block format; check the credit and deposit are valid; check the task related-data and code are valid; verify the task result need; read/write data from dsc need; summarise the translations and transfer them back the master chain. the main job for the miner the dsc provide the fundamental data storage and data transfer across the network. the data writer-miner will store the data the network and the data reader-miner will retrieve the data. the miner the dsc needs to: check the block format; conduct maintenance the health the data well ensure its availability, integrity and security; check that the credit and deposit are valid; and transfer the csc the asset the master chain locked. after all the computing tasks, data storage and transfer tasks are completed, the overall transaction and asset will transferred back the master chain. chapter storage data model dxchain network designed decentralised computation network with the support decentralised storage network where files are stored for computation results and all kinds intermediate computation states. the storage miners are intended obtain incentives based their continuous contributions the storage chain. apparently, the consensus-based protocols nakamoto, including pow[] and pos[, not fit this requirement. proof spacetime (post)[] good choice validate the provision storage. has been discussed chapter four that the dsc designed manage storage tasks and that dsc will also connected the master chain obtain incentives for the storage miner well the csc for storing computation states. for the design the dsc, please refer section next, the post protocol and the data model will explained. consensus protocol since proof spacetime (post) evolved from many its predecessors, this section will start from provable data possession and then move post. provable data possession provable data possession (pdp)[] was introduced for allowing client that has stored data untrusted server verify that the server stored the original data without retrieving it. this model provided the first provably-secure scheme for remote data checking. definition (provable data possession scheme (pdp)) pdp scheme collection four polynomial-time algorithms (keygen, agblock, genp roof, checkp roof such that: keygen(k (pk, sk) probabilistic key generation algorithm that run the client setup the scheme. takes security parameter input, and returns pair matching public and secret keys (pk, sk). agblock(pk, sk, algorithm run the client generate the verification meta-data. takes input public key pk, secret key and file block and return the verification meta-data genp roof (pk, chal, run the server order generate proof possession. takes inputs public key pk, ordered collection blocks, challenge chal, and ordered collection which the verification meta-data corresponding the blocks returns proof possession for the blocks that are determined the challenge chal. checkp roof (pk, sk, chal, {'success ail run the client order validate proof possession. takes inputs public key pk, secret key sk, challenge chal and proof possession returns where correct proof possession for the blocks determined chal. pdp system can developed from pdp scheme two phases, setup and challenge. setup: the client possession the file and run (pk, sk) keygen(k followed byptm abblock(pk, sk, m). stores the pair (sk, pk). then sends pk, and ..., for storage. challenge: generates challenge chal and indicator which blocks want prove possess. sends challenge and indicator runs genp roof (pk, chal, and send back finally, can check the validity the proof via running checkp roof (pk, sk, chal, pdp scheme provides solution verifying the server storing the file the time the client sending the challenge chal. order prove server storing for period time the client must keep sending challenges verify this order have high probability certainty storing continuous time proof spacetime pdp described section perfect fit for cloud computing storage but has several limitations for decentralised network, such privately verifiable computing. the proof spacetime (post) scheme designed improvement over the pdp scheme and fit decentralised environment. threat models. (sybilattack) adversary has sybil identities and makes each commit storing replica the attack succeeds store less than copies and produce valid proofs that convinces the verifier that stored independent copies. (outsourcingattack) upon receiving challenge chal from verifier adversary fetches the corresponding from another storage provider and produces the proof that stored (generationattack) adversary position determine may choose such that can re-generate and produces the proof that stored definition roof spacetime(p ost)) post scheme collection three algorithms (setup, genp roof, checkp roof such that: setup(k (rf where and are scheme specific variable for and that depend the file and security parameter genp roof (sp chal) chal where chal challenge, replica genp roof run the prover produce proof chal for verifier checkp roof (sv, chal, chal {'success ail which check proof correct. checkp roof run and convinces has stored post system must complete and secure. system complete any honest prover that stores replica can always produce valid proofs and convinces verifier post system secure this system must prevent the attacks the attack model. prevention sybil attack. ensure the independent physical storage copies could handled treating different for each file could enforce the prover encode rek encode(f, ek) where each unique for each replica for eki ekj reki rekj instead checking the storage could check rek since unique for each replica more than one sybil identities could provide the same rek this encoding process must reversible that means decode(rek ek). prevention outsourcing attack and generation attack. time-bounded algorithm could prevent these two attacks. the stage genp roof the prover must return the proof within time bound, otherwise will failed the checkp roof (genp roof (sp, chal)) honest (genp roof (sp, encode(f, ek), chal)) adversary post chooses encoding algorithm such encode honest choice encoding. order satisfy the condition encode honest will choose encoding function with the following properties: must reversible, the output should determined from encoding key ek, information should not compressible across replicas, encoding running time should scale with tunable parameter. pseudo random permutation (prp) can slowed down using block cipher cipher block chaining mode. will use for the encoding unction. zero-knowledge proof and public verifiable. publicly verifiable computing. the post scheme requires publicly verifiable computing because decentralisation requires that every participating party could able verify the validity the transactions. zero-knowledge proof protocol, the prover proves statement the verifier without revealing anything about the statement other than that true, which protects the prover against any malicious verifier which attempts gain more knowledge than what intended. the protocol can either interactive non-interactive. the key difference with non-interactive proofs that all interactions consist single message sent the prover the verifier. the following notation used izkp ok(a, denote non-interactive zero-knowledge proof knowledge the values and such that and all values which are not enclosed parenthesis are assumed known the verifier. when one uses non-interactive zero-knowledge proof authenticate auxiliary data, the resulting scheme referred signature knowledge []. basically, signature knowledge scheme means that one possession solution the problem has signed the message for the above izkp ok, the following notation sok[m](a, used denote signature knowledge message proof chain. the pdp scheme could only prove that file stored given time. ensure that the file has been stored for continuous amount time, the verifier must send challenges periodically. has higher probability for continuous storage the verifier sends challenges with higher frequency. however, proof chain provides another mechanism with stronger assurance continuous storage. proof chain verifiable data structure that chains sequence challenges and proofs. for iteration let chaln the proof iteration give randomness and collision resistant hash (crh) function proof chain constructed follows: chal h(r); chaln h(n, vn- genp roof (chaln (chal -(chaln {'success ail erif ychain(c checkp roof (chal and {'success ail erif ychain(cn erif ychain(cn- )+checkp roof (chaln proof chain could provide the proof continuous time storage without frequently asking for verification and the prover could prove the storage even when offline. data model the dxchain network designed not only provide the data storage function; also gives the flexibility retrieving files more granular scale. this section will start with discussion storing standard file formats the dxchain network, for example, text files binary file types. structured text data. more specialised forms text files are structured formats such csv, xml and json. these types formats can presented using dxchain network. with the schema the data, dxchain network provides the filter and search functionality supporting most the data exchange requirements. binary data. although text typically the most common source data format stored, binary files such videos and images are also supported. however, dxchain network does not support the finer granularity search for binary data. dxchain network supports both schema-on-read and schema-on-write operations. the schema-on-read allows for the rapid landing large amounts data into the storage but requires extensive tagging such data ensure that generally usable across the network. the schema-on-write data storage requires lot more up-front preparation and ongoing transformation the incoming data, more expensive set and maintain but has the advantage storing the data more standardised and consistent fashion. the schema-on-write mechanism supporting privacy preservation. the following file, the columns "name" and "ssn" should encrypted based the schema provided the time loading files the network. the time retrieving files according the descriptions, the schema gives the dxchain network flexible way operate. table illustration how data model works. name james bond larry page ... ssn gender description spy ceo ... ... ... name ssn ... ... gender description spy ... ceo ... usage and sale token usage token. the native digital cryptographically-secured utility token the dxchain network (dx) major component the ecosystem the dxchain network, and designed used solely the primary token the network. will initially issued the distributor erc- standard compliant digital tokens the ethereum blockchain, and these will migrated tokens the native blockchain when the same eventually launched. non-refundable functional utility token which will used the unit exchange between participants the dxchain network. the goal introducing provide convenient and secure mode payment and settlement between participants who interact within the ecosystem the dxchain network. does not any way represent any shareholding, participation, right, title, interest the foundation, its affiliates, any other company, enterprise undertaking, nor will entitle token holders any promise fees, dividends, revenue, profits investment returns, and are not intended constitute securities singapore any relevant jurisdiction. may only utilised the dxchain network, and ownership carries rights, express implied, other than the right use means enable usage and interaction with the dxchain network. required virtual crypto "fuel" for using certain designed functions the dxchain network, providing the economic incentives which will consumed encourage participants contribute and maintain the ecosystem the dxchain network. computational and storage resources are required for running various applications and executing transactions the dxchain network, well the validation and verification additional blocks information the blockchain, thus providers these services resources would require payment for the consumption these resources (i.e. "mining" the dxchain network) maintain network integrity; accordingly will used the unit exchange quantify and pay the costs the consumed computational resources. integral and indispensable part the dxchain network, because without dx, there would incentive for users expend resources participate activities provide services for the benefit the entire ecosystem the dxchain network. users the dxchain network and/or holders which did not actively participate will not receive any incentives. particular, you understand and accept that dx: (a) non-refundable and cannot exchanged for cash (or its equivalent value any other virtual currency) any payment obligation the foundation any affiliate; (b) does not represent confer the token holder any right any form with respect the foundation (or any its affiliates) its revenues assets, including without limitation any right receive future dividends, revenue, shares, ownership right stake, share security, any voting, distribution, redemption, liquidation, proprietary (including all forms intellectual property), other financial legal rights equivalent rights, intellectual property rights any other form participation relating the dxchain network, the foundation, the distributor and/or their service providers; (c) not intended represent any rights under contract for differences under any other contract the purpose pretended purpose which secure profit avoid loss; (d) not intended representation money (including electronic money), security, commodity, bond, debt instrument any other kind financial instrument investment; (e) not loan the foundation any its affiliates, not intended represent debt owed the foundation any its affiliates, and there expectation profit; and (f) does not provide the token holder with any ownership other interest the foundation any its affiliates. sale tokens. the distributor shall affiliate the foundation. the contributions the token sale will held the distributor (or its affiliate) after the token sale, and contributors will have economic legal right over beneficial interest these contributions the assets that entity after the token sale. the extent secondary market exchange for trading does develop, would run and operated wholly independently the foundation, the distributor, the sale and the dxchain network. neither the foundation nor the distributor will create such secondary markets nor will either entity act exchange for dx. chapter computing machine the key dxchain network provide decentralised computation environment. byzantine environment, one has have validation mechanism verify the correctness the computation order outsource computation and outsource against the adversaries who ask for incentives without executing the tasks. verification game provides framework validate the correctness the computation procedure and provable data computation (pdc) provides statistical scheme find corrected answer from set untrusted nodes with small probability being attacked. for the design the computation chain csc, please check section the following will explain the verification game framework and then move provable data computation scheme. consensus protocol computation verification game and pdc use two different philosophies design the validation process; dxchain network uses both them the system for the different types computation. verification game theory, verification game provides framework which enables smart contracts with need for trust securely perform any computation task. moreover, when compared with the computations traditional ethereum smart contracts, verification game vastly reduces the number redundant network node computations. verification game, there are several roles playing different functions the system. the core roles are solver, challenger and judges. solver miner who offers solution given task and challenger one who disagrees with the solution from the solver. the judges, who always give the correct computations, use extremely limited computation bandwidth. the trick verification game eliminate the computation judges narrows down the portion the computation dispute with series rounds. matrix multiplication was used illustrate the process. the resulting item with coordinate (i, the dot product the ith row the first matrix and jth column the second matrix. the dot product could split into steps the vector length the dot product then broken down into more atomic computations summation scalar multiplication. the dispute period, the solver and challenger will argue with each other identify which scalar multiplication results the disagreement. the judges only need check the scalar multiplication compared with the whole matrix multiplication. verification game does not trust rely the reputation its participants any trusted party the system. deposit needed perform task from both the solver and the challenger. for any faulty players, they will lose the deposit. this penalty mechanism will potentially eliminate the untrusted players with the passing time. since the judges not have lot computation do, they are the entire community ethereum miners who reach verdicts through the nakamoto consensus. provable data computation there not single deterministic mechanism that exists which can prove the correctness any computation. since the dxchain network needs some nodes perform some computational work which should validated, the dxchain team proposes statistical way solve this problem. setting. let one consider untrusted network with total online nodes there are adversary nodes within this network. solution. computational task could broadcasted through the network. nodes perform the task; the answer which was the first identical one that nodes generated chosen the valid answer. figure shows how determine the correct computation results. proof. the wrong answer chosen, that means that all the nodes are adversary nodes. the probability this even happening (attack) high and (attack) with very small table working principal pdc. computation: identical result node result return(, empirical study. networks with active users and nodes are chosen for this study. among those active users, there exists and adversary users respectively. different are tried determine the threshold the consensus protocol. when equals the (attack) the level which very strong supporting statement. figure the green line represents (n, the red line represents (n, and the blue line represents (n, usage dxchain network both verification game and pdc have advantages and disadvantages. verification game has strong statement. however, interactive verification process and the computation figure experical study pdc. break-down not easy implement. pdc has weak conclusion but enough for most distributed computing. pdc very easy apply distributed computing. dxchain network uses both verification game and pdc for the different scenarios. chapter computing platform nakamoto-consensus-based cryptocurrency uses lots computational power maintain the blockchain rather than providing real useful work for the community. lots proof useful work schemes have been proposed, from the computation for protein folding proof storage, however very few them have real application. although truebit says that its system good for all computation, the technological details are still focused financial transactions. plasma uses the concept mapreduce scale the computation for transactions but not the mapreduce computation that most people are talking about, which distributed computing. dxchain network introduces hadoop, which the system used the industry standard for distributed computing platforms blockchain. history hadoop hadoop was developed based three research publications: the google file system[], mapreduce: simplified data processing large clusters[] and bigtable: distributed storage system for structured data[] from the design hadoop using commodity hardware build clusters for parallel computing for big data. starting with the apache nutch project and moving apache hadoop fully commercialised and well used the business intelligence right now. the hadoop system has become more and more complicated from when was first initialised but the core components are still job tracker, task tracker and worker for the mapreduce part. different roles are created dxchain network solve the problem coordination. map-reduce dxchain network mapreduce centralised design system, which the job tracker manages cluster resources and job scheduling. the task tracker each agent and manages tasks the nodes well communicates with the job tracker. the process how mapreduce works illustrated figure dxchain network decentralised system which triggers the difficulty keeping real-time communications between two nodes network. therefore, the csc saves task distributions. any computation miner who interested working the task could potentially take the task. figure illustration general map-reduce process. the hadoop system, besides distributing tasks the task tracker, the job tracker communicates with the task tracker order know the activeness the node through its activity status. some the nodes running active tasks are dead, the job tracker must re-assign tasks new nodes. however, dxchain network, there need check the statuses the task nodes. more copies redundant computations running different nodes, well whether one few nodes are off-line dead, will not have impact the final result. when node finishes computation, sends the result the csc for verification through the verification game pdc. the csc saves job distribution information and results but these information are time-bounded, which allows the chain size shortened keeps only non-expired data. figure illustration map-reduce process dxchain network. dxchain network has two designated roles: d-job tracker and d-task tracker, perform two different tasks. figure shows the mapreduce process dxchain network. deposit which calculated dynamically needed take role. the miner intended receive the incentive the miner honest executing the task that promises; otherwise the miner will lose the deposit. the incentives received through the computations will the main chain through the smart contracts. tool set dxchain network hadoop has comprehensive ecosystem, including huge collection tools which could help easily run tasks such pig[], hive[], hbase[], spark[] and many more. hbase nosql database which needs quick response for the query. dxchain network not compatible with hbase since the latency for the computation and consensus the former long, which does not fit the requirement. spark provides in-memory computation which requires high memory machines not appropriate application the dxchain network. pig and hive not have requirements time-sensitivity and high memory machines, they are good applications for dxchain network. pig provides set high-level language for expressing data analysis. pig supports database operations and analysis for non-structured data. the data stored plain text, pig perfect tool parse and analyse the fly. hive facilitates reading, writing and managing large datasets residing distributed storage using sql. dxchain network supports database schema and sql used business intelligence related operations. mahout[] framework run machine learning algorithm including canopy clustering and principal component analysis, etc. the dxchain team intends select some the machine learning algorithms fit the platform the dxchain network. the dxchain team intends develop dpig, dhive and dmahout this moment facilitate the computation running dxchain network. more projects will potentially coming. chapter privacy with data analytics introduction data analytics provides one with large amount prediction ability one can notice trends and infer results. this central principle the scientific method large scale when one can infer correlations. even though correlation does not necessarily imply causation, strong correlation can often predict results. however, data analytics often requires inputs that contain personal data data from individuals sample set. predictions using inputs that come from individuals can extraordinarily useful, however done incorrectly, the private information individuals can exposed even from semi-anonymous gathering; with fully anonymous analytics, the quality the data may questioned and multiple datasets cannot used together without using identity each input compare that data. addition identities, there fixed value between datasets that can compare each data point may become method directly identify individual. when data shared between datasets for analytics, the amount information available greater, hence allowing for some process elimination possible query multiple datasets. combat this, the dxchain team uses obfuscation techniques that not possible gather private information associated with individual users rogue queries are made. even with perfect identity obfuscation, with enough values associated with data-field that contains identity, there possibility back-tracing with the information and using some process elimination, especially when knowing when/if user has signed up. however, the input user not sufficient change the results query into the database, the responder the survey has expectation privacy. this privacy can quantified with differential privacy and can used strongly ensure that would nearly impossible discern information about individual identities. encrypting sensitive information without private key disclosure times, sensitive information stored internet-accessible way may required for identity verification (such social security number when used for activities regulated governing bodies). major problem with trusting data encryption for "data rest" that encryption keys must exist that server (or device). with asymmetric encryption, the ciphertext and public key may stored, however asymmetric encryption used, becomes possible use known plaintext attack. this especially true with values with small sample set such social security numbers. with public key and every possible social security number, becomes easy make table ciphertexts that correspond with various plaintexts and crack the values. therefore, one using asymmetric encryption, recommended least use padding, however many cases that not sufficient and the recommended option use cipher like pallier cipher. during encryption, the ciphertext multiplied where random integer and therefore, there are multiple possible ciphertexts for every plaintext. the random number removed when decrypting using carmichael theorem. one other advantage this method that homomorphic encryption method. when multiplying ciphertext number the corresponding plaintext increases (x) a). (.) where (x) pallier encryption. these techniques can used for differential privacy allow analytics results change slowly users add data and prevent any major changes query results. anonymous sharing data when sharing data between two databases, with differential privacy concerns aside, there may need total the number participants with matching traits. for example, how many participants who had one disease survey also have the other disease. many cases, there concern when sending any information tied identity. there are many methods for matching survey participants individually while anonymously comparing data and still maintaining unique identities between participants. one example with elliptic curve point multiplication. consider where and are points elliptic curve. solving for requires solution the elliptic curve discrete log problem. each user matched point elliptic curve and the keys are integers chosen such way that proper randomness attained, becomes possible have one side encrypt identity, send the encrypted identity the other party and then have identities that are made anonymous abp bap (.) one potential attack may that the results are ordered, when information shared, may possible find users based the order they are sent and received, therefore the list should randomised when each side encrypts the users. this way parties sharing results from surveys with overlapping identities can share information. more information available each survey because the ability query another survey, differential privacy methods are recommended such case. differential privacy when individual enters data into database, the results any query can change. changes query results can traced back new entries the database and make easier determine those individual identities with certain answers survey (or more broadly have certain attribute stored the database associated with the said user). each person entering information stored database must have method denying that they were responsible for the changes. this becomes difficult when also important protect the integrity the data for proper analytics. differential privacy methods mitigate the probability one user skewing query results and allowing information traced back that user. differential privacy depends the user having deniability that he/ she was the one who changed the results. usage dxchain network. the above four sections explain the importance privacy and having some empirical way keep privacy. however, there are ways solve the problem privacy preserving computation for large-scale general-purpose computation, such mapreduce. dxchain network will hence take into account privacy from the five aspects listed below. data model enabled privacy preserving. the dxchain network supports data models for structured datasets, clients should encrypt columns containing sensitive data such ssn before submitting their data the network. the searchable columns should not encrypted. the reason quite straightforward encrypted data must decrypted before any computation executed it. for binary datasets, such mp, clients should encrypt the entire file. differential privacy. the users want provide data only for statistical analysis, such calculating mean and standard deviation, dxchain network has tool facilitate the users running differential privacy before submitting files the network. after differential privacy run, queries will not make sense since the entries have been modified via the addition noise. miner storage encryption. the data piece encrypted through using storage miner public key each local machine. doing this protects against intrusion from network hackers they not know the private key the miner. small piece file. large file will split into many small pieces using different strategies, only gaining access small fragment big file would not disclose much information. encryption during file transfer. before file copied storage miner, encrypted using the public key the miner. this could protect its security through the traffic the network. the rule thumb dxchain network that clients desire for their data stored privately, they must encrypt their data before submitting them the network. the dxchain team considered privacy preserving computation using multi-party computation (mpc)[], secret sharing[], homomorphic encryption[] and sgx[]; they are all deemed not practical for the dxchain network. dxchain network provides big data and machine learning network, privacy preservation will the responsibility the users. chapter dxchain network-powered ecosystems the blockchain the dxchain network supports variety machine learning and data mining algorithms, data storage, music/ video streaming and many other applications. developers from different industries could potentially leverage the dxchain network different ways. this section describes few usage scenarios the dxchain networkpowered ecosystem. automated data sample collection and model training artificial intelligence (ai) has dramatically changed each sector the global economy including advertising, finance, healthcare, transport, consumer, automation, energy, logistics and aerospace. software and service revenue projected reach billion worldwide[] technology driven security company, the quality the malware and ransomware detection engine the company trustlook[] heavily depends the sample data collected from its customers and partners. although trustlook already has solution purchase exchange its sample data, there are still several drawbacks: high quality samples are difficult obtain. currently, the way acquire samples purchase exchange from large security vendors like mcafee, symantec and google. startup company like trustlook needs pay premium subscription fee obtain samples from these companies. many high-quality samples owned these vendors are never available the market favour their own detection engines. the cost maintain large machine learning cluster and data storage centre high. the total size mobile samples that trustlook has collected has over several (petabytes). when trustlook extends its business from mobile more general network security field, the storage can easily grow over ten times large what now. maintain such large data centre, budget and management will big hurdles. dxchain network, decentralised big data and machine learning blockchain, could potentially let the vendors benefit many ways. the ecosystem developer could potentially leverage the dxchain network build its own machine learning dapp. some the advantages that dxchain network could potentially provide are listed below: customised data models enable fully automated data collection through its malware detection dapp defining the data collection format. the owner each mobile device will define smart contract parameters, such what kind samples will sent the blockchain and what price users would like trade. trustworthy sample data automatically collected through each device sent the blockchain the dxchain network. dramatically reducing data storage and network traffic cost, dxchain network keeps its data blocks the disk each blockchain miner and each miner shares its own internet bandwidth. decentralised machine learning algorithms are designed trained daily basis for the trustlook model the chain. this just like shared economies, which can used for almost free share the unused cpu time miners. immutable encrypted data the blockchain protects the data users, which stored and presented very secure way without any potential worries about data breach private data leak. each device user leverages the smart contract dxchain network make transactions and trade data trusted way. figure illustration dxchain network for smart city. smart city smart city set intelligent solutions provide convenience for its residents infrastructural level and the market likely worth cumulative trillion [], which includes smart energy, smart building, smart mobility, smart technology, smart infrastructure, smart governance well smart education, smart security and smart citizens. although much the daily lives people depend smart cities, there are several drawbacks with the existing centralised networks: smart cities generate much more data than what the existing infrastructure can store and analyse. based report that one trillion sensors will deployed [], and that those sensors will help people measure temperature, traffic patterns, foot traffic, air quality and security level the infrastructure, considering that one sensor generates data, data containing inputs from one trillion sensors huge dataset. another example that surveillance smart camera device using mpeg- with fps and resolution will fill the capacity drive just hours. without data mining, the collected data useless but operate large data centre cache and mine the data beyond the ability normal enterprises. the users the dxchain network can potentially run machine learning data analysis directly the dataset which the sensors generate each day and generate actionable business intelligence reports guide the daily decisions their businesses. the ecosystem developer could potentially leverage build its own machine learning dapp. below list some the advantages dxchain network could potentially provide: the sensor data collection smart cities automated via enabling the related smart contract the dapp the developer. smart contracts intelligently control the running operations all kinds smart city sensors based the surrounding environment, such air conditioning temperature dynamic control save more electrical power. chain data buyer could leverage device data develop machine learning model diagnose the running status the device and predict device failure, order notify its vendor schedule repair services ahead time. chain developer could develop machine learning model help electricity companies such pge optimise its scheduling model through generating the electricity consumption report and predicting the peak time electricity usage. healthcare the valuation the global healthcare market projected increase from us$. billion us$. billion []. the healthcare industry continues grow bigger and bigger, the future healthcare and internet things are intertwined. the healthcare industry with the aid smart devices provides on-the-diagnostics capabilities for people who cannot afford hospital. although the healthcare system has become better, more efficient and more effective, there are several drawbacks: healthcare premium very high and many low-income people still cannot afford it. difficult integrate devices due the phenomenon healthcare iot industry fragmentation. there secure way that enables healthcare vendors integrate and exchange data with other companies. dxchain network, decentralised big data and machine learning network, could potentially enable the ecosystem developer leverage build its own big data and machine learning platform. with dxchain network, the cost for storing data and managing traffic will reduced lot compared the traditional way, which will potentially help lower the healthcare premium. the data collected through fitness trackers, mobile apps, smart watches and other devices linked the network are encrypted and stored the blockchain tractable and secure way. data exchange and sharing enabled each vendor opening their apis others through using the data model dxchain network standardise data. machine learning over the data each individual device could potentially enable healthcare vendors build their own technologies monitor the health patients and send critical vital signals the community for the prevention catastrophic events. finally, the ecosystem developer the dxchain network could potentially build ondevice technology which can enable devices talk one another and materialise personalised treatment suggestions based the various data points shared across smart devices. chapter risks you acknowledge and agree that there are numerous risks associated with purchasing dx, holding dx, and using for participation the dxchain network. the worst scenario, this could lead the loss all part the which had been purchased. uncertain regulations and enforcement actions the regulatory status and distributed ledger technology unclear unsettled many jurisdictions. the regulation virtual currencies has become primary target regulation all major countries the world. impossible predict how, when whether regulatory agencies may apply existing regulations create new regulations with respect such technology and its applications, including and/or the dxchain network. regulatory actions could negatively impact and/or the dxchain network various ways. the foundation (or its affiliates) may cease operations jurisdiction the event that regulatory actions, changes law regulation, make illegal operate such jurisdiction, commercially undesirable obtain the necessary regulatory approval(s) operate such jurisdiction. after consulting with wide range legal advisors and continuous analysis the development and legal structure virtual currencies, the foundation will apply cautious approach towards the sale dx. therefore, for the token sale, the foundation may constantly adjust the sale strategy order avoid relevant legal risks much possible. for the token sale the foundation working with tzedek law llc, boutique corporate law firm singapore with good reputation the blockchain space. inadequate disclosure information the date hereof, the dxchain network still under development and its design concepts, consensus mechanisms, algorithms, codes, and other technical details and parameters may constantly and frequently updated and changed. although this white paper contains the most current information relating the dxchain network, not absolutely complete and may still adjusted and updated the dxchain team from time time. the dxchain team has ability and obligation keep holders informed every detail (including development progress and expected milestones) regarding the project develop the dxchain network, hence insufficient information disclosure inevitable and reasonable. competitors various types decentralised applications are emerging rapid rate, and the industry increasingly competitive. possible that alternative networks could established that utilise the same similar code and protocol underlying and/or the dxchain network and attempt re-create similar facilities. the dxchain network may required compete with these alternative networks, which could negatively impact and/or the dxchain network. loss talent the development the dxchain network depends the continued co-operation the existing technical team and expert consultants, who are highly knowledgeable and experienced their respective sectors. the loss any member may adversely affect the dxchain network its future development. further, stability and cohesion within the team critical the overall development the dxchain network. there the possibility that conflict within the team and/or departure core personnel may occur, resulting negative influence the project the future. failure develop there the risk that the development the dxchain network will not executed implemented planned, for variety reasons, including without limitation the event decline the prices any digital asset, virtual currency dx, unforeseen technical difficulties, and shortage development funds for activities. security weaknesses hackers other malicious groups organisations may attempt interfere with and/or the dxchain network variety ways, including, but not limited to, malware attacks, denial service attacks, consensus-based attacks, sybil attacks, smurfing and spoofing. furthermore, there risk that third party member the foundation its affiliates may intentionally unintentionally introduce weaknesses into the core infrastructure and/or the dxchain network, which could negatively affect and/or the dxchain network. further, the future cryptography and security innovations are highly unpredictable and advances cryptography, technical advances (including without limitation development quantum computing), could present unknown risks and/or the dxchain network rendering ineffective the cryptographic consensus mechanism that underpins that blockchain protocol. other risks addition, the potential risks briefly mentioned above are not exhaustive and there are other risks (as more particularly set out the terms and conditions) associated with your purchase, holding and use dx, including those that the foundation cannot anticipate. such risks may further materialise unanticipated variations combinations the aforementioned risks. you should conduct full due diligence the foundation, its affiliates and the dxchain team, well understand the overall framework, mission and vision for the dxchain network prior purchasing dx. chapter future research work since research the areas blockchain technology and consensus protocol very active, the dxchain team aims explore more proof useful work, proof storage and proof computing schemes. dxchain network uses several dynamic adjustments, such incentives, mining difficulties and role elections, the researchers the dxchain team intends conduct more research finding more stable parameters and mechanisms for those adjustments. chapter conclusion this white paper, the dxchain network introduced-- scalable, private and extensible blockchain dedicated big data and machine learning, with its architecture and core technologies including: new decentralised computing framework introduce provable data computing and verification game; new chains-on-chain design orchestrate master chain and two side chains-- data side chain (dsc) and computing side chain (csc); hadoop incorporation dxchain network facilitate big data and machine learning and flexible and powerful dxchain network-based system architecture, dedicatedly designed support most business data exchange and data analytics requirements. chapter acknowledgements this work the cumulative effort multiple individuals within the dxchain team; would not have been possible without the help, comments and reviews the collaborators and advisors the dxchain team. the dxchain team would like express its gratitude its contributors, advisers and the many people big data, distributed computing, iot and other cryptocurrency communities for their early reviews and constructive suggestions. references apache hadoop. http://hadoop.apache.org/. apache hbase. https://hbase.apache.org/. apache hive. https://hive.apache.org/. apache mahout. https://mahout.apache.org/. apache pig. https://pig.apache.org/. apache spark. https://spark.apache.org/. sgx. https://software.intel.com/en-us/sgx. trustlook. https://www.trustlook.com. the golem project. draftgolemprojectwhitepaper.pdf. http://golemproject.net/doc/ over trillion sensors could deployed https://www.electronicspecifier.com/around-the-industry/ over--trillion-sensors-could-be-deployed-by-. juan benet. interplanetary file system (ipfs). https://github.com/ipfs/ papers. juan benet. filecoin: cryptocurrency operated file storage network. https: //filecoin.io/filecoin-jul-.pdf. vitalik buterin. ethereum. https://www.ethereum.org/. melissa chase and anna lysyanskaya. signatures knowledge. https: //iacr.org/archive/crypto//.pdf. dominik schiener david sonstebo, sergey ivancheglo and dr. serguei popov. iota. https://blog.iota.org/. jeffrey dean and sanjay ghemawat. mapreduce: simplified data processing large clusters. https://static.googleusercontent.com/media/research. google.com/en//archive/mapreduce-osdi.pdf. jeffrey dean fay chang and al. bigtable: distributed storage system for structured data. https://static.googleusercontent.com/media/research. google.com/en//archive/bigtable-osdi.pdf. randal burns giuseppe ateniese and al. provable data possession untrusted stores. https://people.eecs.berkeley.edu/~dawnsong/papers/ p-ateniese. ari jakobsson, markus; juels. proofs work and bread pudding protocols. communications and multimedia security. kluwer academic publishers: -., christian reitwiessner jason teutsch. scalable verification solution for blockchains. https://people.cs.uchicago.edu/~teutsch/papers/truebit.pdf. vitalik buterin joseph poon. plasma: scalable autonomous smart contracts. https://plasma.io/plasma.pdf. sanjay radia robert chansler konstantin shvachko, hairong kuang. the hadoop distributed file system. http://storageconference.us//papers/msst/ shvachko.pdf. iotex lab. iotex: decentralized network for internet things (iot). https://iotex.io/. protocol labs. proof replication technical report (wip). //filecoin.io/proof-of-replication.pdf. https: manuel sabin prashant nalini vasudevan marshall ball, alon rosen. proofs useful work. https://eprint.iacr.org//.pdf. camille marini mathieu galtier. traceable machine learning hidden data. https://arxiv.org/pdf/..pdf. mthcl. the math nxt forging. forging--.pdf. https://www.docdroid.net/eh/ satoshi nakamoto. bitcoin: peer-to-peer electronic cash system. https: //bitcoin.org/bitcoin.pdf. transparency market research. smart healthcare products market. https: //www.transparencymarketresearch.com/smart-healthcare-products-market. html. adam l.; yung moti. sander, tomas; young. non-interactive cryptocomputing for nc. focs. ieee. howard gobioff sanjay ghemawat and shun-tak leung. google file system (gfs googlefs). http://static.googleusercontent.com/media/research. google.com/en//archive/gfs-sosp.pdf. adi shamir. how share secret. communications the acm. (): -., frost sullivan. strategic opportunity analysis the global smart city market. http://www.egr.msu.edu/~aesc-web/resources/smartcities/smart% city%market%report%.pdf. tractica. artificial intelligence software revenue. https://www.tractica.com/newsroom/press-releases/ artificial-intelligence-software-revenue-to-reach---billion-worldwide-by-/. pavel vasin. blackcoin's proof-of-stake protocol http://blackcoin.co/ blackcoin-pos-protocol-v-whitepaper.pdf. andrew yao. protocols for secure computations (extended abstract). http: //research.cs.wisc.edu/areas/sec/yao-ocr.pdf.