whitepaper contents project properties stages creation creation the node creation required models creation transactions mechanism creation data storing model storage transactions sequence creation system for block receiving and verification creation system for pos tickets storage creation pos raffle creation event for choosing winner for dependent nodes registration dependent nodes from public (read-only) automatic validation dependent nodes api creation creation api receive the general information from blockchain creation api for transaction sending creation api for receiving balance address market analysis analysis competitors analysis potential users calculation the price the token based global statistics prospects the industry analysis risks allocation collected funds usage the token brief description the panels the example the energy exchange system operation principle our products wallet block explorer telegram bot wiki roadmap github team project properties are you owner solar battery and you're forced sell your energy power plant low price? are you business owner and forced buy higher price? our platform designed solve this problem with the help revolutionary technology proof-of-stake. two hundred years after the invention electricity humanity still continues confront the global problems related it: many countries, electricity excessively expensive but what worse that millions people around the world still don't have access this vital resource. our platform can solve both these problems. first all, will able provide opportunity trade electricity between people around the world, overcoming millions miles while creating price, which will fair and same for all the world's inhabitants. where there electricity, will introduce our patented new generation solar panel technology which takes much less space and cheaper purchase. based proof-of-stake technology, our platform much more efficient terms energy consumption, unlike bitcoin and ethereum, which require huge power costs maintain efficiency. hundreds billions dollars are invested annually electricity but they are not able solve the tasks set. it's time introduce the latest technology this field. the investment our project the investment the future mankind. blockchain creation creation the node creation required models create blockchain you need describe models all objects that the blockchain will deal with. the following objects belong this group: block, transaction, address, ticket, event. new models, not described ta, can added needed. but all the ones stated above must present. block must contain the list transactions, hash previous block and verification signature. transaction must contain information about funds transfer: transaction hash, where from, where to, total, list used addresses and verification signature. address must contain information about all changes that possible receive correct balance and check the ability conduct transfer. information about transfers will stored list and will have such fields: id, address the recipient, total, parent transaction. ticket must contain information about participant: amount coins, address the participant. event technical model required correct communication between nodes. must contain information about the type notification, message, source (who sends it), code and list technical details needed process the message. output transaction model that allows quick calculation address balance and conduct payments the network without the need through all transactions the address every time. public class transaction private final string hash; private final byte[] from; private final byte[] to; private final double amount; private byte[] signature; private final long timestamp; private final list inputs; private final list outputs; creation transactions mechanism transactions are objects that form blocks, they are the main term blockchain. thanks transaction possible conduct funds transfer from one address another. transaction can created using public dependent node. create transaction the node needs check whether there are enough funds all utxo that belong the current address send transaction and pay commission fee. there enough, new object transaction created (to make the calculations simpler all the previous transactionoutput objects are deleted and instead new objects are created: delivery funds the recipient and returning the change the sender. right after they are created signature generated using private key the node (address). generated and signed transaction can broadcasted across the network. creation data storing model important question when creating blockchain the effectiveness data storage have access the history and ability quickly verify the needed information. lots data (for example actual utxo addresses) will copied the hard drive and ram they need accessed quickly. for other kinds data, important find way store them efficiently and for cheap price that possible access the information that needed. solve this problem clustering used. allows quick access any information within the cluster matter how compactly stored. maximize efficiency the following model clustering offered: cluster address which contains all the information about the address transactions. for faster search, this information can separated into smaller clusters blocks. within block cluster, compressed information about the participation the address the block will stored. besides this, there will general block cluster that will contain information compressed form about the block. this item needed for active change and addition during traffic testing, the interface data storage can easily changed. public static path getfirstfilebyregexp(string directorypath, string regexp){ try iterator iterator files.newdirectorystream(path.of(directorypath), regexp).iterator(); return iterator.hasnext()?iterator.next():null; }catch (exception e){ return null; storage transactions sequence the sequence transactions stored block and verified when the block created. there error the sequence transactions, the transaction gets automatically removed from the block and deleted invalid. authors invalid transactions can penalised needed which can much withdrawing their node from participation the blockchain. block hash created based all transactions that are involved the creation the block. example contents the block: acfbeacbafaeebbbcbc aceacacbdcddffdfabbcebaaefd, efbacbbfccbddaceeddbeffbecef, efffefaebdcccccbdabcfcc, where first item hash the previous block, second item transactions that were added the current block. creation system for block receiving and verification receiving (storing) block happens right after the verification. this, node that receives the block generates its signature for this block including the last block that knows about, and, this way, verifies belongs the current blockchain and correct. can done thanks the presence signature generation for the block previous block hash the algorithm. result, only blocks with correct data will added the blockchain. after the block received, transactions that were added the block will deleted from the pool pending transactions. creation system for pos tickets storage pos system the complicity block creation significantly easier than pow and mechanism needed prohibit the creation the blocks right after the first transaction received and monopolising block creation improving bandwidth for faster broadcast. solve this problem, there will strict time limits when the block formed and the node that can create and receive reward will chosen randomly. synchronise the participants and eliminate the possibility choosing different winners every node there stable algorithm, that based the parameters that are calculated within the blockchain. new nodes will able participate block generation only after one iteration after the broadcast over make sure all nodes have received new participant choose winner. creation pos raffle the raffle happens every once chosen period time least one transaction pending the pool. there are transactions the pool, the current iteration skipped, and the block not formed. only nodes that were registered before the raffle starts can take part it. after this, the list participants generated adding all existing nodes new list amounts that depend the weight coefficients the node. weight coefficients can the number coins, time coins holding etc. after the list formed, sorted ascending order. winner chosen randomly from the sorted list. the seed the random number generated the height the current block and some other constant parameters. creation event for choosing winner for dependent nodes right after the raffle, the winner must generate new block and broadcast it. after that, new session starts. this done using system events that shares block among all nodes and the author the block winner the last raffle, the node accepts its block. the start the next winner raffle the node has not received new block, tries receive from different node. nodes have new block, the block created independently for each node. there winner, the reward will not sent any the nodes. registration dependent nodes from public (read-only) have opportunity participate raffles, receiving additional events and block generation (private functions), node has send request for registration participant and fully functioning node. this, request sent any other node start full synchronisation and work and information about this broadcasted the rest the network. after that, new node waits for the end the current raffle session and can participate starting from the next one raffle. public class event private long timestamp; private int type; private string message; private string sender; private object additionaldata; automatic validation dependent nodes avoid situations dead nodes when registered node turned off and never participates the raffle/event receiving, once minute the main node conducts "poll" the activity (ping) the dependent nodes. the node does not respond correctly, removed from the list dependent nodes. after this, all the other nodes receive event about the removal dead node. api creation creation api receive general information from blockchain each node will have its own api receive information about the blockchain state, blocks, transactions and account balance. main methods are accessible the public node: receive block height/hash receive transaction hash receive account balance all these features will implemented through request full (synchronised) node the current node the mode minimum configurations. this case the node cannot create its own transactions, wallets (addresses), take part raffle. the node registered the network and synchronised, all these requests will send data received from the information that stored the current node. "amount": "signature": "dabbecdbcbccafd cebfbdebedbaebce dadecbcacfddfbbbfaa" "pending": false, "from": "daaccffbe", "to": "deeeaedeafbdabfdaa", "hash": "aceacacbdcddffdfabbceba aefd", "timestamp": example fetching transaction request. creation api for transaction sending sending transaction can conducted only fully synchronised node. this because this operation requires pool pending transactions and connections with other nodes. the request must include the address the recipient and the sender, which the node has access to. the third parameter, which the last one, the amount that needs transferred. case when there access the sender`s address, response with message about error will sent. the system will behave the same when there are not enough funds the balance the sender`s account. but the request successful, transaction added the pool sent transactions, all utxo the user are updated and the hash the newly created transaction sent response. when the next block generated, this transaction will included and distributed across the network. request: "from":"daaccffbe", "to":"deeeaedeafbdabfdaa", "amount": response: "txhash": "aceacacbdcddffdfabbceba aefd" creation api for receiving balance address receive balance the address only needed enter account address parameter. after that all utxo connected this address will calculated including validation whether the corresponding transactions were added the block. after that, the user receives information about the balance and how many them are confirmed/unconfirmed. node_address/balance?address=deeeaedea fbdabfdaa fetching balance request example market analysis analysis competitors our platform uses similar but fundamentally different means for achieving this goal. here comparative description our platform with several others. criteria wepower powerledger restartenerg licensed energy provider yes yes the ability raise funds for energy producer yes yes yes blockchain-based smart-contract token yes yes yes yes the possibility use token pay for electricity yes yes yes yes business ecosystem that provides jobs yes yes trading yes yes yes yes criteria wepower powerledger restartenerg the possibility freeze purchased energy yes energy statistics yes solutions the problem total lack energy yes failure protection mechanism yes the ability receive free tokens yes price notification yes constant contact with our users yes convenient telegram-bot yes none the competitors can solve the problem total lack energy any part the world. but are able provide solution with the help our patented new generation solar panel technology. moreover, our goal the world market. will not enough for settle several countries. are committed our goal and will everything possible realize it. more details about some our advantages: proof-of-stake technology. energy statistics. due significant reduction the amount electricity consumed, fee for transfers will significantly lower than bitcoin ethereum blockchain. will able provide anonymous statistics all transactions for any time well forecasted supply demand, which will allow you independently analyze the market and make decision investing our tokens. the possibility freeze purchased energy. failure protection mechanism. unique opportunity that available only our service. when you want buy certain amount energy now and use later. offer keep your energy for low fee tokens until you need it. after the successful purchase the order, freeze seller's energy and buyer's tokens exactly until full confirmation the fact that the energy was received the buyer, which guarantees security the transactions. the ability trade automatic mode. just few minutes you will able set your personal bot which will search for orders the given parameters and the specified quantity. built-in automatic trades relieves the service load eliminating the need for third-party programs that carry negative load the platform. the ability receive free tokens. telegram bot. this feature our system related proof-of-stake technology. confirm the block, the system selects the holder's token random order, giving preference the one who has more them and awards him with certain number tokens specified the smart contract. will provide you with telegram bot which will have the complete functionality work with our platform. you already use this popular messenger, then you don't need install anything else. you can communicate the network and trade use other features the same time. price notification. save time, give the option set notifications the price for energy has reached the level you specified. there will notifications via email, web, and telegram. current price desired price- delta analysis potential users our potential users are people who already consume produce energy. for example, owners private enterprises which consume electricity owners solar panels. these people usually don't have much choice when buying electricity and are forced accept the terms and prices power plants. they cannot disagree even with clearly excessive prices since they don't have alternative choice. with the help our platform, these people will able sell and buy electricity more favorable terms which will allow them significantly increase profit from selling their own energy and save money when buying it. this all will possible due token which can freely traded and exchanged for energy using our platform. our token can overcome geographical and temporal barriers which positively affects the efficiency and profitability its use. also, various ways manage the token (convenient site, mobile, desktop application) will make easier simplify this process and save time. and blockchain peer-to-peer technology ensures the decentralization, security, and anonymity using our token. calculation the price the token based global statistics the basis global energy statistics, expect electricity cost for kw. the estimated initial number users our platform million people. average, one solar panel produces about energy per day. the average volume from one seller per day also equal kw, with their number all users, the daily turnover tokens from the sale is: where the daily turnover, the average number users the system, the percentage energy producers, the average tariff per energy the market, the price the token the same time, expected that all tokens will cold storage. the planned initial cost the token equal average price for the world calculate the real value the token, the impact lower daily income the start the platform, increased number tokens the start, etc should taken into account. therefore calculate the token price, use the following formula: (ep dd* where the expected price the token the start, the expected price the token, the impact the dump when entering the market, the difference between starting price and expected price, the impact the increased number token holders. the basis all above-mentioned factors, get price per token. view the above, total emission es. this the optimal amount based the project transition the pos algorithm because provides full covering market needs and energetic sphere. prospects the industry modern society constantly depends the energy and contribute impressive funds this field annually. amount investments increases every year well. prospects this industry are almost infinite since humanity will always aim new and more efficient electricity solutions. the maximum growth expected the wind power field where annual investments will billion and billion compared billion last year. the second place, there the solar energy sphere where significant decrease expenses will cause -time increase established power within years comparison with there will according the experts, such increase will need billion investments per year. the bioenergy field, there will also burst activity far secondgeneration technologies commerce. annual investments biofuel and getting energy from biomass and waste will increase from billion billion and then will stable during the next decade. course, can provide you with even more proofs but are sure that potential the industry obvious. far the energy industry developed, our platform developed, too, which ensures huge prospects growth for it. that's why think that the implementation our own energy token will huge demand since the project community has enough time implement all system and take the market share. analysis risks the first and the main risk will occur people don't need energy anymore, which very hard imagine. after many years technical progress, nobody will abandon the current amenities. that's why this hypothetical risk can ruled out. problems connected with blockchain. even imagine that such reliable, time- proven system will fail, our platform will save its functionality any case. will able buy outdated tokens for alternative currency and introduce another payment system the platform without real efforts. absence necessity use our platform. this possible only the price for energy will roughly the same all countries. for that happen, necessary invent cheap way energy transferring big distances, which impossible the moment. risks centralization regulatory risks avoid the situation where the project fully depends the team, project and develop all systems such way that they can save maximum separateness. and api the project will allow external developers make applications and extensions regardless the team. since the cryptocurrency field not fully formed and most countries, there are rules for its regulation, make many efforts our modules meet rules international law. that's why before using our platform different regions, begin cooperation with regional lawyers study the regulatory structure the specific region. there were main risks which could call the existence our platform into question. however, you can see, some them are just impossible now and some them can overcome us. allocation collected funds present incomplete list expenses that need covered for the platform performance. staff salary first all, people who personally create our platform, applications which will interact with and configure the blockchain technology: managers modular projects web developers blockchain developers mobile application developers desktop application developers database architecture designer system administrator system architect systems analyst designers frontend developers testers web security professionals those, thanks whom the whole world will know about us: seo specialists manager our representatives various thematic events: -merchandiser -bloggers social networks -video bloggers -advertisers -promoters instagram, facebook, twitter. those who determine our development path: company managers specialists strategic promotion content managers analysts energy specialists traders consultants diplomats for negotiations with companies general staff: interpreters rewriters, copywriters support secretaries press manager other expenses: domains servers hosting web protection ssl connection software global analysis and statistics external api external backup services office and staff office equipment google adwords, facebook ads google play, app store usage the token our token was created with the help proof-of-stake based smart contract. this means that confirming transaction block does not require huge electricity costs (as, for example, ethereum bitcoin blockchain). each token-holder will have certain small number tokens, which can't spent. necessary confirm the block, the system will randomly select token-holder for validation. the more tokens the balance, the better the chances get block rewards. the direct purpose the token is, course, selling and buying energy from other platform participants around the world. our platform, you can set the amount energy (kw) you want buy sell and the price tokens. this case, fee tokens the amount deal will charged for using the platform. addition, the token provides number other important functions for the operation our platform, namely: when placing order buy sell energy, certain number tokens will frozen until executed. this ensures automatic fee charging the system. order platform user tokens frozen tokens provide quality support, each ticket (except the first one) the support will freeze small number tokens until the ticket closed. this provides protection from abuse when contacting support service and ensures fast support for each user. case abusive number orders set per day, the system will take frozen tokens for the canceled order way counteract the intentional platform load. with enough number tokens, the buyer will able conclude contract with the seller with fixed price for tokens kw. after the contract concluded, the specified number tokens will frozen for the period mentioned the contract. the seller's energy will frozen similarly. this necessary the buyer wants receive certain amount electricity not immediately but after while. tokens participants are stored personal wallets which they can access through the system only. transfer funds another wallet, the user must pay fee, which will charged from the balance the user's tokens, the blockchain. with high load the block, will possible withdraw funds faster with higher commission. withdrawal funds system user user's personal wallet wallet commissio token holder the token will available for purchase sale various crypto exchanges for many other monetary units, such bitcoin, ethereum, usd. anyone can buy our token, exchanged for another currency. our platform expands the world market, expect that government agencies will use our token improve efficiency, which will make the token more widespread and will positively affect the competitiveness energy prices. brief description the panels unfortunately, even such progressive technology the solar panel has its problems. however, our patented technology aimed solve them! large area occupied space. produce large amount energy, much space needed. our technology will allow making panel size smaller, not losing efficiency coefficient work due improved solar cell technology, which will described below. the efficiency usual solar panels significantly decreases cloudy weather. however, this problem can partially solved with the help polycrystalline solar panels. use this approach improve the efficiency solar panels. one more problem solved gradual settling dust solar cells, which decreases the efficiency coefficient. the system automatic cleaning, which are going patent, will allow avoid cyclical loss solar efficiency and decrease the frequency maintenance service energy system elements. our technology aimed improve solar cells, thus ensuring the efficiency our panel both sunny and cloudy weather. the example the energy exchange system operation principle the operation principle our system quite simple. let's assume country the owner the solar panel has put certain amount electricity for sale. country the owner enterprise wanted buy this amount electricity for the cost tokens. would irrational directly transport energy from country the buyer from country will actually receive energy that was previously sold another platform user located his region. what will happen the energy user will not leave certain region (it depends the installed power grids) and will wait for buyer the same region. thus, users can buy sell energy each other, being different parts the world. and there need transport energy through huge distances. store information about the current amount energy each region the database. can the supply greatly exceed demand? this situation possible only the initial stages the platform and will eventually eliminated. since the electricity the producers used certain consumer this region now, the demand supply will saved when they both begin use our platform. similar situation will happen with high demand regarding supply. .our products wallet web wallet allows users maintain their balance using user-friendly and fast interface. you will not need any additional software hardware, just create import address and then access using specified credentials. you want erase your private key from web wallet due specific reason, you always can simply delete account and then nobody but you will have access your address. wallet components main page: statistic data (number registered users, number tokens the system, number transaction in/out the wallets etc.) promotional material wallet usage list links last transactions authorisation page: authorisation form (address, password, "remember me" checkbox, "sign in" button) registration link "access recovery" link registration page: registration form (email, password, confirm password, subscribe news, "register" button) authorisation page link password recovery link password recovery page: password recovery form (contact email, crypto address, text field "prove your ownership", "send request" button) error message the case discrepancy between email address and crypto address text information about the format access recovery reset password page: new password field (new password, confirmation, "change" button) personal cabinet page: current balance, personal address with ability copy, last transactions from.to personal wallet. the following modules need present the page (modal window, frames, fragments) have such functionality: funds sending, full history transactions, settings "funds sending" module contains the following fields: text field for the address, number field for the amount. information field displays the service fee and the average time for confirmation. "send" button. after the successful transaction notification about successful operation appears with button that takes the user the "full history" page. "full history" module contains list the wallet transactions last transactions are displayed, when the scroll reaches the end "load more" button). each item the list has time stamp and the amount, colored according the type transaction (in out). when user chooses transaction, additional information appear that contains the recipient, sender, transaction hash, number confirmations. "settings" module contains log last authorisations (device, address, time), list active sessions(device, address, time session start, session expiration time), email change form. support page: form for contacting the support service (email address field, issue description, field for screenshot, "send" button) text description support service with email address for contacting blockchain explorer our block-explorer interface allows users get information about any block transaction real time. also can show different statistic data, i.e. amount mined blocks, last block timestamp etc. block-explorer also has api, which allows using data various self-created applications. blockchain explorer components main page: statistic data (last block, current height, average amount transactions block etc.) field for transaction search hash field for block search hash/height field for address search list last blocks and transactions promo information about token (optional) transaction page: transaction hash link the web version sender recipient service fee size number confirmations transaction size block page: block hash time stamp depth list hash-links included the transaction block address page: address current balance list links last transactions telegram bot telegram bot useful feature that requires minimal set and allows getting notifications and managing your account even faster. following the instruction web wallet, you can link account with telegram and choose preferred properties. after that, notifications will start being delivered your telegram account and simple commands (like fetching history) will become available. wikipedia also have wiki for developers simplify the development process. contains all needed information about exposed api and configuration process the new node. creating wiki-style documentation are trying keep simple possible but the same time informative could be. .roadmap concept. teambuilding. launch the website. landing, whitepaper, preparation set documents. development marketing strategy and marketing campaign. development and deploy token the basis proof-ofstake platform. private sale end work blockchain explorer block launch wallet launch mobile wallet launch telegram bot launch creation the video presentation the project github the development the project closely connected with the development its own smart contract, web version the trading platform, mobile and desktop applications. all these decisions require the collective work group programmers. create comfortable working environment, the version control system used. allows simultaneous joint development application source code, automatically combining different versions projects and saving all changes the cloud. one the most popular implementations version control systems github. provides convenient interface for variety functions, including external development, broad community, commenting projects, rating, requests for new functionality, bug reporting, documentation and more. thus, this tool one the most attractive use. github has types repositories open and closed. the first available for any user the internet. their code allowed read, use (under the terms the corresponding license), modifications, etc. closed repositories are not available from outside and are used the project has data necessary hide from users, whose source code prohibited for dissemination. during the creation the project, the public github repository will used, will allow monitoring the development the project all comers, offering new functionality and much more. hide unwanted data (such passwords, unique identifiers, etc.), appropriate exceptions the rules for saving and synchronizing projects the cloud will used. such exceptions are described file called .gitignore. consists list strings regular expressions which point files ignored the version control system. thus, compromise achieved between the publicity the project for tracking and the privacy the project data sections. the example the .gitignore file shown below. team mohammed jamil chief executive officer andrey mosyagin senior software engineer victoria shevchuk strategic partnerships manager mohammed dezayi chief financial officer karina apukhina community marketing manager arsenii iefymenko energy systems specialist anastasia maschenko sales manager alexandr nadvirnyak blockchain expert tatiana sakach manager dmytro komchuk business development advisor vasyl budko energy systems specialist