background taiwan (formosa): the switzerland asia the bank embargo against crypto the market gap: financial services for crypto companies digital first banking meets blockchain target customers, phases, governance two phase approach for services rollout formosa financial management structure board governance key service offerings security treasury management payment services xdrc: synthetic reserve asset xdrc access-privileged special drawing rights xdrc deposit/withdrawal mechanics fmf token token mechanics access via proof-of-membership token distribution token sale details use funds distribution roadmap go-to-market plan team advisors disclaimers this white paper subject change any time without notification. describes the current plan and vision for formosa financial platform. while intend attempt realize this vision, please recognize that dependent number factors and subject wide range risks. not guarantee, represent warrant any the statements the white paper, because they are based our current beliefs, expectations and assumptions, about which there can assurance due various anticipated and unanticipated events that may occur. please know that seek achieve the vision laid out the white paper and website, but that you cannot rely any coming true. blockchain, cryptocurrencies and other aspects our technology and these markets are their infancy and will subject many challenges, competition and changing environment. background distributed ledger technologies such blockchain hold the potential create open, globally accessible, and transparent financial ecosystem. massive efficiencies and innovations can unleashed migrating transactions from centralized hub-and-spoke model controlled third-party intermediaries peer-to-peer system. while many financial institutions and tech companies are working diligently establish this new architecture, major problems regarding scalability, ease use, and access these new systems remain. while multiple projects pursue decentralized solutions the pressing issues surrounding volatility, liquidity, and speed, the rate adoption within the broader financial world will continue significantly lag behind the pace innovation. the reality that need middle ground between the full-scale decentralization envisioned early bitcoiners and the tightly controlled networks managed financial institutions and their regulators. offering suite traditional financial services that are integrated with blockchain-powered applications can construct banking platform that serves the needs forward-looking businesses that still need operate within the confines legacy systems. taiwan (formosa): the switzerland asia ilha formosa meaning "beautiful island", the name that portuguese explorers gave the misty, forested outpost when they discovered although hundreds years later this island has come known taiwan, the same spirit adventure and frontiersmanship lives its modern history. territory positioned squarely between the poles the world's two major superpowers (china and the united states), taiwan enjoys the rare privilege maintaining autonomy without being subject restrictions imposed international legal frameworks and conventions. although taiwan home the world's largest economy terms nominal gross domestic product, not member the united nations. hardware manufacturing and design titans such foxconn, tsmc, and acer are headquartered taiwan tap into rich pipeline engineering talent and robust capital markets. this degree independence and neutrality has allowed taiwan become innovation hub technology and finance. effort further burnish this legacy, industry leaders, regulators, and politicians are collaborating set economic development initiatives stimulate the next wave growth. december taiwanese legislators passed the financial technology innovations imf data and experiments into law under the regulatory sandbox created the act ("taiwan fintech sandbox"), firms are eligible bypass burdensome regulations and licensing requirements that fintech companies would typically subject to. this initiative will enable innovative startups offer financial services for three years without banking license, giving taiwan claim hosting the world's longest incubation sandbox period for fintech companies. taiwan fintech sandbox, alongside the government's open-mindedness towards blockchain technology makes taiwan the natural destination establish the world's first financial services company for crypto-innovators new kind institution that provides the essential services traditional banking alongside innovative applications underpinned distributed ledger technologies. formosa financial intends submit application participate the taiwan fintech sandbox with proposal offer selective corporate banking services crypto companies globally. please note that formosa financial platform, consideration legal framework and compliance requirements pertaining token generation activities, may operated outside taiwan jurisdictions deemed appropriate; such jurisdictions may include without limitation cayman islands, hong kong, bermuda, british virgin islands, and singapore. the bank embargo against crypto investments into the digital asset and blockchain space have steadily increased over the last five years, but banks remain largely unwilling provide services businesses associated with this technology. digital asset exchanges, crypto hedge funds, and startups that have raised investment rounds through initial coin offerings (icos) all struggle open and maintain bank accounts. even successful individual investors often can't easily move funds from exchanges into their personal bank accounts, resulting dangerous concentration capital exchanges that are constantly targeted hackers. beyond the catastrophic risk posed hacking, numerous exchanges have lost their banking relationships recent years, creating uncertainty for customers with funds deposit and mass panic the market large. the most infamous example this circumstance undoubtedly the http://www.taipeitimes.com/news/taiwan/archives//// https://international.thenewslens.com/article/ https://cointelegraph.com/news/challenging-china-taiwan-supports-mainstream-adoption-of-icos-and-bitco saga bitfinex losing their bank accounts after wells fargo decided cut off their correspondent relationships. despite the challenges securing banking, the industry has ventured forth with innovative financing models. alone, startups raised billion for projects through icos. this surge crypto-fundraising far quickly eating into the market share traditional investment through venture capital funds and angels ($.b across deals figure usd raised token sales month, even with the influx capital, there are very few banks willing provide services businesses dealing crypto. with each country currently evaluating the relevance (and risk) digital assets its legal and economic systems, the fragmented regulatory landscape enveloping digital asset markets unlikely subside any time soon. instead, innovators the space will forced continue navigating ambiguous legal regulations within their home countries and globally necessary. https://www.nytimes.com////technology/bitcoin-bitfinex-tether.html https://www.smithandcrown.com/-year-review-part/ https://pitchbook.com/media/press-releases/total-venture-capital-dollars-invested-in--on-track-to-reac h-decade-high https://www.smithandcrown.com/-year-review-part/ this unavoidable ambiguity can greatly mitigated providing international banking safe haven for innovators the blockchain industry. when accomplish the establishment compliant financial institution with appropriate regulatory oversight and risk controls, can encourage crypto companies come out from the dark and into the light. the market gap: financial services for crypto companies according recent study, the online banking market expected reach approximately billion with the asia-pacific region spearheading market growth compound annual growth rate. pair this trend with the explosion development and investment the digital asset space and the need for hybrid financial institution that offers the convenience virtual banking with bleeding edge blockchain applications becomes clear. for your average crypto investor, the status quo acceptable although often inconvenient. depending the availability exchange services within particular country, investors are able use credit/debit card bank wire get cash exchange start trading, then withdraw the funds back local account after making (hopefully profitable) trades. unfortunately, the ability seamlessly move funds between blockchain and legacy financial systems often not readily available enterprises providing retail access through fiat the very same cryptomarkets. while this largely due the perception enhanced risk that banks hold towards blockchain businesses, also result fragmented liquidity pools, the slowness legacy payment rails, and various restrictions imposed transaction size both exchanges and banks. one way potentially mitigate some these issues build book buy side client business that seek purchase large blocks crypto such that orders can managed internally rather than executed through third party trading venues. formosa financial currently considering business models and expansion plans tap into this market. additionally, corporate banking entails different set services than its retail counterpart. immediate access loans and other credit products ensure working capital needs are met critical operating requirement. for companies with large amounts digital assets, the ability borrow cash against their holdings without liquidating their positions also major unaddressed issue. the need for cash typically driven payment obligations for example, companies must pay employees, lawyers, accountants, and other service providers through traditional payment rails. https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/online-banking-market-expected-to-reach--million-glob ally-by--.html these recurring obligations necessitate the use both treasury management and payment services that can deliver funds predictable and reliable manner. where companies raising capital through traditional means (such debt equity) can immediately focus leveraging assets scale their business, startups that have raised funds via ico (or otherwise) are faced with thicket operational, regulatory, and legal hurdles that must handled. unsurprisingly, banks are often unwilling engage with such customers. building financial services institution focused exclusively these kinds customers, formosa financial seeks solve these exact problems. with unprecedented levels volatility and occasional liquidity crunches, hope provide companies holding large digital asset reserves practical solutions pay off their debts cost-efficient timely fashion. help them mitigate this, formosa financial aims become one the first offer credit lines based deposited crypto assets. digital first banking meets blockchain corporates and consumers alike are increasingly demanding banking services that are accessible through web, mobile, and beyond. addition providing user-friendly interfaces, financial institutions are beginning realize the benefits platform banking strategy where individual services are modularized through api integrations, thus allowing third-party developers bring apps market. with the introduction payments services directive (psd) the european union, the transformation banks into secure, permissioned database with standardized api endpoints actually becoming regulatory requirement select jurisdictions. the growing popularity api-enabled banking services particularly well-suited for the emergence blockchain-based products, creates opportunities for seamless integration and interoperability between parallel financial ecosystems. effort leverage the best both worlds, formosa financial plans develop api platform with full support for major blockchain protocols alongside traditional corporate banking products. such, the platform aims serve distribution channel for dapps built supported protocols that will simultaneously tap into permissioned banking environment that respects compliance considerations and customer preferences. the layers and components such system are diagrammed below: https://www.accenture.com/us-en/insight-banking-distribution-marketing-consumer-study https://www.evry.com/en/news/articles/psd-the-directive-that-will-change-banking-as-we-know-it/ figure proposed layers within api-enabled banking platform offering traditional and blockchain-based services. dapps mentioned are for instructional purposes only. the core the formosa financial platform the api banking layer. this layer provides api endpoints and hooks that interface with traditional bank services and blockchain-based transactions managed dapps. the platform core stores data account ownership and identity, compliance rules and permissions, along with segregated data balance holdings across various ledgers. for each unique account, various bank services can enabled disabled. basic functions such checking balances savings accounts, authorizing credit lines, and sending wire transactions through traditional payment rails will accessible the required conditions the platform rules engine are met. course, each unique bank account will also have associated addresses supported blockchains such bitcoin, ethereum, and ripple. accounts holding balances these blockchains will able utilize dapps built these protocols for various use cases such exchanging digital assets, payments, tokenized investments, and more. transactions are requested from the banking services layer, parsed and processed the api banking layer, then ultimately executed the blockchain layer, all stages each unique business process will logged, hashed, and added permissioned distributed ledger. entries this ledger can only written formosa financial, but can also read authorized parties holding private keys granting granular access levels. this permissioned ledger ensures full transparency, auditability, and compliance such that formosa financial demonstrably acting fail-proof technology services layer carrying out customer transactions instructed. further details the function and architecture this transactional ledger will further elaborated upon to-be-released technical white paper. unifying balances held both blockchains and traditional bank accounts, the formosa financial platform positioned offer unparalleled innovation and convenience companies the crypto industry. beyond the world blockchains, api banking also offers fertile ground for innovation other fintech players offering apps with payments, identity, wealth management, accounting, and more. bringing innovations from blockchain projects and fintech will create rich and diverse ecosystem service offerings for formosa financial customers. target customers, phases, governance the primary goal the formosa financial openly establish and promote best-in-class financial services international crypto companies establishing operations the favorable environment offered taiwan. accomplish this ambitious goal, formosa financial will focus solving problems faced four types institutional and individual customers. initial target customers include: digital asset exchanges digital asset investment funds companies who have raised funds through initial coin offering (ico) high-net worth individuals with large digital asset holdings figure formosa financial initial target customers regardless the specific needs these kinds customers, they will all inevitably experience problems related aspects security, treasury management, payment activities. formosa financial intends design series solutions-oriented-services (sos) across two operational phases address these pain points. two phase approach for services rollout order abide regulatory requirements for providing our proposed services international customers, formosa financial will develop and operate services across two distinct phases. phase the extent permitted under applicable laws, aim act trusted asset custodian and broker that provides basic suite liquidity and cash management services. subject applicable laws and regulations, phase focus leveraging the existing deposit base accumulated phase offer full-fledged banking services such working capital credit lines. the lending facility that will rolled out phase will also enable offer hybrid stablecoin collateralized blend crypto and fiat reserves. ultimately coming into possession full banking license will allow formosa financial effectively balance the risk profile the underlying basket assets backing our stablecoin. phase phase licensing subject applicable laws subject applicable laws and certain conditions such sandbox admission future bank license token offering service access utility token ("fmf tokens") fiat/crypto collateralized stablecoin (xdrc) peer-to-peer bank-issued credit lines brokerage and loan origination fees interest from loans, deposit base asset custody custody brokerage services (cold hot wallets) full custody multi-sig crosschain wallet banking type full reserve fractional reserve digital fiat/stablecoin withdrawal (usd only) digital fiat outbound international wires virtual direct lending type business model payment capabilities fiat account type figure formosa financial service types offered phase, all phase services are inclusive those rolled out phase formosa financial management structure order efficiently execute and operationalize the two phase service delivery plan outlined above, formosa financial intends implement management structure with board directors the top and business verticals reporting the chief executive below. each vertical lead will responsible for monitoring performance against strict service level agreements for customers and ensuring that relevant risk controls are adhered to. the envisioned organizational chart for formosa financial upon entering phase can found below: figure formosa financial phase organization chart role and department board governance formosa financial's board directors intends govern the use token funds. detailed section this token reserve will represent all issued tokens. the board will determine how strategically allocate token funds accelerate growth lines business, customer acquisition, and funds under management. formosa financial's plan that committees established report quarterly areas strategic investment for formosa financial and meeting minutes published publicly and made available for comment token holders and customers. the board will also oversee and manage critical tax, regulatory, and legal issues that will inevitably emerge such fast moving space. board members will selected bring diversity knowledge and operating experience from both traditional and crypto markets order effectively guide ongoing token reserve management. key service offerings starting point and subject applicable laws and regulations, formosa financial will focus delivering solutions for customers three critical areas: security, treasury management, and payment services. future solutions may include tokens backed basket assets such various fiat and cryptocurrencies (referred this white paper xdrc). security when handling large sums money, security will always the paramount concern. for companies with massive digital asset holdings, there are numerous technical and operational questions that must addressed order put reliable security framework place for accessing wallets. loss private keys certainly the most common case failed security protocol. cryptocurrency forums are full stories lost hard drives storing private keys that have access addresses with millions dollars bitcoin. even when keys are securely held, devices storing them are susceptible man-in-the-middle attacks evidenced the presence this attack vector ledger hardware wallets. course, these risks can potentially mitigated handing your keys over trusted third party that has undergone extensive security audits. course, this design decision comes with inherent risks well evidenced numerous exchange hacks that have been punished for faulty cold storage procedures. starting point for phase and subject applicable laws and regulations, formosa financial intends offer highly-secure custodial service that provides easy access funds while maintaining operationally sound methods for transactions between internal (hot and cold) and external (exchange) wallets. last but not least, high-profile coding errors can result loss hundreds millions dollars the parity multi-signature wallet fiasco being the latest example. due the technical complexity and nascency multi-sig solutions, formosa financial will roll out this offering for supported blockchain protocols part phase https://news.bitcoin.com/ledger-addresses-man-in-the-middle-attack-that-threatens-millions-of-hardwarewallets/ https://paritytech.io/on-classes-of-stuck-ether-and-potential-solutions/ all these examples are point out that best practices for wallet security are evolving alongside the cryptographic protocols themselves. such, formosa financial aims offer best class cold storage and multi-sig wallet security with support for multiple assets. new solutions are released into the market they will evaluated and integrated into custodial services. available, formosa financial plans take out insurance policy guarantee the security all funds (both crypto and fiat) held deposit. full brokerage custody multi-sig wallets features cold and hot wallets complete control over balances access funds single wallet with support for multiple blockchains set required quorum signatures benefits peace mind knowing your funds are good hands single point failure for security, more coordination for funds movement figure features and benefits two security options treasury management liquidating large crypto positions typically requires series smaller transactions order assure best price execution. this can done slowly selling out position single exchange structuring simultaneous transactions across multiple exchanges. regardless the method chosen, all exchanges are subject liquidity constraints dependent current trading volume. this particularly problematic when dealing with thinly traded assets that may only listed smaller, unreliable exchanges. formosa financial's treasury management service strives facilitate integrations over exchanges quickly and efficiently find the best venue for buying selling any asset. mitigate the glacial pace cash withdrawals international wire, formosa financial will able forward cash into customer accounts for immediate access. step-by-step diagram trade execution pushed through the api banking platform viewable below: figure process operations flow for executing transactions across exchanges step request from the customer using the treasury management service sent the api banking layer. information this request includes the amount the asset sell and target price. once the request has been validated checking account details, balances, and permissions step transactions are sent from the customer's designated blockchain wallet their associated deposit addresses exchanges step after deposits have been received the exchange, the asset then liquidated step while trying achieve the target price specified step data retained and propagated throughout the system end-to-end ensure that trade execution carried out according the parameters set the customer. newly acquired funds can then withdrawn from the exchange (either crypto fiat) and customer balance details are then updated accordingly within the api banking layer. all companies ultimately need manage their positions across various asset classes. startups holding bullish view price appreciation crypto can put their assets work two ways. phase formosa financial aims facilitate platform where these companies will able lend their crypto cash other customers using peer-to-peer lending market. this market will feature open order book that allows asset-heavy customers make short-term loans borrowers interest rate that can dynamically statically set. all borrowers will required post certain amount collateral dependent the asset type order make the lender whole the event market volatility. the extent permitted under applicable laws and regulations, formosa financial will aim offer bank-issued credit lines customers can easily access cash for managing expenses. these credit lines would function similarly traditional bank lending facility, but would instead allow for the posting crypto collateral instead physical assets. interest rates will dynamically determined market conditions, and the amount and type collateral posted. lending bank-issued credit lines features open order book provide transparent rates built position liquidation cover lender risk simple pricing and easy access on-demand credit need separately post collateral, can use existing funds deposit benefits borrow assets competitive rates from fellow customers straightforward, speedy process integrated into other services figure features and benefits borrowing options alternatively, customers may seek gain future price certainty better plan their spending instead taking short-term debts. common example can found startups that have raised tens millions dollars eth but need reduce their volatility risk they have pressing need predict their future cash position order cover recurring operating costs. this can accomplished through issuing forward contracts where the customer buys contract that requires them sell their eth agreed upon price predetermined point the future. building robust asset custodianship and lending business, formosa financial likely positioned take the other side these contracts. beyond working capital considerations, many companies are also eager place strategic bets emerging projects and technologies. such, formosa financial aims provide customers with excess cash crypto reserves with access pre-placement sales for ico offerings other customers formosa financial. enabling new customers raise capital for their upcoming projects from existing bank customers will create virtuous cycle whereby two-sided market created. one side, projects raising money will have unprecedented access pool capital deposit that eager deployed. the other side, companies with large digital asset holdings will have insider access high-quality, vetted investment placements into projects that achieve the lofty standards required formosa financial open account. further extend formosa financial's role trusted third party, companies fundraising via icos may opt submit their funds milestone-locked escrow accounts. governance funds held these escrow accounts may managed either formosa financial itself smart contracts developed consultation with customers investment services. offering combination liquidity-sourcing services, collateralized credit products, volatility risk management, and exclusive investment opportunities, formosa financial brings customers unparalleled tools for keeping balanced treasury cash and digital assets. payment services while the growth market cap and number addresses within the blockchain space demonstrates steep adoption curve, are still many decades away from seeing mass distribution and use these systems for daily transactions. such, companies handling crypto still require access traditional payment networks such those offered correspondent banking relationships. phase customers may opt have their funds withdrawn from the bank receiving digital version their fiat money issued blockchain that can sent globally without the interference third-party intermediaries. navigate the reality that many other businesses will not willing accept digital fiat asset, phase will see formosa financial set correspondent banking relationships process inbound and outbound international payments supported currencies. the issuance digital fiat currencies formosa financial, the consummation which shall subject applicable laws and regulations, will adhere the highest standards compliance and transparency. all reserve account balances will publicly visible real-time and regularly audited reputable accounting firms, enabling customers transact with the world's first globally accessible and bank-banked digital fiat currencies. this kind offering natural extension similar initiative recently launched mitsubishi ufj financial group launch new cryptocurrency pegged with japanese yen its own exchange. allowing customers use our digital fiats globally expect number top exchanges support trading pairs against due the increased trust and transparency enabled having reserves backed regulated financial institution. digital fiat payments features benefit international wire payments virtually real-time payments globally accessible protocol choice current international standard for money movement low cost transfers for supported currencies instant movement reserve backed fiat assets leverage existing payment networks make essential business payments figure features and benefits payment options with multiple currency support for deposit and withdrawal both digital fiat and crypto, formosa financial aims eventually have the ability offer customers blended reserve assets reduce risk resulting from overexposure single asset. this kind reserve asset may ultimately serve payment option itself, dependent future adoption ecosystem stakeholders. stablecoin mandarin chinese, formosa often admiringly referred bao dao (baodao) literally meaning "treasure island". formosa financial plans issue synthetic reserve asset backed weighted portfolio underlying fiat and crypto, making repository for both old and new stores value. are the process assessing the pros and cons other currently available options such basis coin and dai. formosa financial will continually assess the success these projects further refine the design our stablecoin. appropriately enough, the concept for this asset put unique spin unit account method promulgated the international monetary fund. this tokenized asset will referred xdrc http://www.forexlive.com/cryptocurrency/!/japanese-bank-plans-to-launch-its-own-cryptocurrency-mufg-coi "xdr" being the currency symbol for special drawing rights and "c" representing the crypto element the token. similar the imf's process, fmf tokens holders may voice their opinions through annual survey pertaining portion the composition the crypto half the xdrc portfolio. the fiat half xdrc will reflect the actual sdr portfolio weights, assigned the imf every five years. xdrc access-privileged special drawing rights special drawing rights (sdr) function international reserve asset that was created the international monetary fund (imf) effort bolster the foreign reserves member countries and provide payments liquidity for the increasing amount cross-border trade brought globalization. the sdr (trading under symbol xdr) currently composed basket five major currencies, weighted respective their importance international trade. this sdr basket consisted the following currencies: dollar: euro: chinese yuan: japanese yen: pound sterling: the sdr itself not currency claim the imf, but instead acts potential claim that can exchanged for the same freely usable currencies that make the underlying value the sdr. xdrc intended have similar function for the cryptocurrency market participants the value determined weighted basket both crypto and fiat held reserve formosa financial. for authorized customers, can function claim formosa financial. formosa financial intends procure that xdrc traded exchanges against the most widely-used currencies the digital asset markets such bitcoin, ether, and dollar (which will also represented the asset itself). the availability xdrc will enable traders hold liquid, fungible, and more stable asset that reflects composition underlying reserves. providing real-time transparency into reserves held formosa financial and open algorithm for the creation and destruction new xdrc, customers and traders the broader market alike can determine they would like post their crypto holdings deposits access less volatile synthetic reserve asset simply buy said asset the open market. http://www.imf.org/en/about/factsheets/sheets//////special-drawing-right-sdr once formosa financial has achieved account support for required fiats and appropriate regulatory oversight, issued xdrc will fully reserve backed assets the following proportions: fiat (%) dollar: euro: chinese yuan: japanese yen: pound sterling: crypto (%) bitcoin (%) ethereum (%) ripple (%) litecoin (%) assets suggested fmf tokens holders and/or other fmf team members(%) details proof stake voting mechanics and asset eligibility for the the portfolio that will decided fmf token holders will elaborated upon the future. creating incentives hold fmf tokens through access critical services, formosa financial intends create limited secondary market for non-customers formosa financial who are seeking safe haven asset flee the volatility the markets. xdrc deposit/withdrawal mechanics before making deposit, traders will presented with dynamic rate for issuance xdrc exchange for their deposit. this newly issued xdrc will act incentive for traders put more funds deposit and freely tradeable against other pairs external exchanges, thus creating arbitrage opportunities drive additional volume. the intent this function establish xdrc synthetic reserve asset whose market value determined the net asset value (nav) underlying reserves held formosa financial. these token mechanics are designed reflect two fundamental financial truths: the business financial institutions grow its deposit base much possible order expand its lending portfolio. diversification useful portfolio management tool hedge against volatility. traditional commercial banking, money created when loans are issued. from accounting perspective, this process simultaneously creates assets (in the form new loans) and liabilities (in the form new deposits). figure new commercial bank lending creates simultaneous assets and liabilities commercial bank's balance sheet. the context crypto-focused financial services company receiving deposits new asset class, the process can viewed just the opposite. instead new assets giving rise new liabilities, formosa financial will instead have new liabilities (deposits) generate new assets the form new xdrc tokens. these newly issued xdrc tokens will not held formosa financial's balance sheet, but will instead added the aggregate market capitalization xdrc tokens determined their updated nav after receipt the new liabilities (deposits). any given time, the usd-denominated net asset value one xdrc can determined the following formula: xdrc nav xdrc otal supply bank reserves deposit say for example the total xdrc supply stands and formosa financial reserves are composed btc (spot price btc/usd), eth (spot price https://www.bankofengland.co.uk/-/media/boe/files/quarterly-bulletin//money-creation-in-the-moderneconomy.pdf eth/usd), xrp (spot price xrp/usd), and $mm usd. the net asset value xdrc would therefore calculated follows: ((, (,, (,,)) such scenario, the net asset value xdrc would equal usd every time new deposit made, dynamic calculation will made determine what percent the reserves the new deposit would represent absolute and currency-specific basis. assume customer wishes make deposit btc under the same market cap and spot price conditions listed above. the amount new xdrc issued would determined follows: xdrc additional supply (xdrc current av) x(asset amount deposit)x(asset spot rice) therefore: drc future supply xdrc current supply xdrc additional supply plugging the numbers, see that this calculation will keep the nav xdrc stable even the supply expands: xdrc additional supply xdrc future supply fmf token business customers seeking access the financial services described must use fmf, erc- utility token that will made available through private placement. initially, billion fmf tokens will issued presale investors who are also likely become the earliest customers formosa financial. token mechanics fmf tokens will serve dual purpose: firstly, act utility token that allows customers access tiered services and secondly, participate surveys pertaining composition the reserve-backed token (initially known xdrc) offered formosa financial. access customers can use fmf tokens through proof-of-membership (pom), staking mechanism that enables customers access services offered the bank. the purpose the fmf tokens limit the risks formosa financial ensuring that customers holding fmf tokens are companies intending use the aforementioned services and are committed utilizing their tokens such. this model incentivizes customers hold their tokens, the demand for services will subsequently drive demand for additional fmf. formosa financial may adjust the pricing various services from time time, with the intention that customers pay fixed price dollar denominated basis. various services will offered one three tiers, with specific prices each determined dynamically based to-be-determined cost structure: orchid digital asset custodial services security treasury management wild lily plum blossom fiat custodial services multi-sig wallets liquidity sourcing multiple exchanges forward contracts ico pre-placement access digital fiat payment withdrawals services international wire transfers figure services available across tiers, subject applicable laws and regulations after undergoing know-your-business (kyb) due diligence process and being authorized use the bank and the extent permitted applicable laws and regulations, customers will receive deposit addresses for supported blockchains and account number for making fiat deposits (if eligible for plum blossom tier services). token distribution fmf tokens will distributed follows: investments: private sale token generation entity legal, licensing, and compliance ecosystem platform development (use reserves determined fmf team) team and advisors: team months lockup) advisors months unlock every month after) token sale details fmf tokens will offered exclusively selected strategic investors potential future partners both seed investors and private placement presale. likely for fmf tokens listed the future top exchanges which will enable prospective new customers access the platform. tokens will released days before listing. token type utility token (access) token name formosa financial token token code fmf technology framework erc token standard ethereum initial fmf tokens supply ,,, accepted currencies ethereum use funds distribution raised funds will utilized follows: formosa financial cash operations: business development: legal compliance: technical development: team operations: roadmap go-to-market plan rounds milestones (estimated date) private sale details positive business growth global road shows: average per month activities kickstart business operations, establish partnerships brokerage, full custody system (hot and cold wallet) multi-sig cross chain wallet functions/ product offering lending, stable token, etf products digital fiat stablecoin withdrawals potential cooperating partners (finished ongoing projects) investment details high profile investors with passed kyc checks total tokens sales plan eth fmf billion token min investment eth team george hsieh ceo the age george hsieh created the acclaimed online brokerage platform during his time the founder and ceo kcet (kong cheng electronic trading), generating -fold increase revenue merely months. addition his role online brokerage pioneer taiwan, also served the head the public affairs committee the taiwan securities association. after completing his management studies mit's sloan school management, mr. hsieh ran successfully for office. during his three-term (-years) taiwan legislator, mr. hsieh served the convener the legislative yuan's judiciary and organic laws and statutes committee, the convener budget and final accounts committee, and the majority party kuomintang's legislative caucus whip. upon returning the business world, mr. hsieh founded the integrated movie production-distribution-investment company hualien media international the firm announced hk$ million (approximately us$. million) merger with the hong kong-listed entertainment company hmv digital china. the same year, mr. hsieh became the first owner taiwanese film company awarded the entrepreneur the year award. mr. hsieh has served the executive director the keelung-based bank kscc since responsible for business development and corporate image management. the bank has business units across taipei and keelung and has made great contribution for the provision regional financial services and stabilizing regional financial order. ryan terribilini chief revenue officer ryan has worked numerous projects the intersection technology, policy, and operations. spent four years google developing the android hardware and software ecosystems managing direct-to-consumer device support operations and creating policies for the world's biggest mobile app marketplace. ripple, ryan served head developer relations and platform partnerships. through this role engaged with numerous financial institutions and fintech entrepreneurs building the payment systems the future. last summer worked with catalyst develop accelerator program focused building financial services for underserved populations india. currently research fellow for the global taiwan institute, undertaking historical study the relationship between taiwan's democratic and economic development. ryan magna cum laude graduate the university california, berkeley with degree classical civilizations and graduate the university oxford's master public policy program. lorne lantz chief technical officer lorne lantz blockchain entrepreneur, developer and educator who has built multiple financial startups that have won awards with paypal and swift. has been programming for years. lorne o'reilly blockchain expert, having co-chaired the o'reilly bitcoin blockchain summit, produced educational videos the blockchain, and technical reviewer for the "mastering bitcoin" book. lorne has launched several fintech startups, including remittances, ewallets, pos, forex, crypto trading and ico investing. lorne has been educating corporations around the world blockchain, including german bankers tedx hamburg. yalu lin chief operating officer yalu has very diverse cultural background from asia (taiwan), europe (uk poland) and canada. graduated from imperial college london, joint maths and computer science. entrepreneur, yalu co-founded retail distribution canada and successfully cooperated with hudson bay company, staples, bestbuy and fry's electronics. after successful exit, yalu relocated guangdong join global cooperation charge global product r&d, global sourcing management, and inventory-financial management. then moved again the parent company europe for marketing and sales operation. with his help, the firm eventually became publicly listed. yalu was also the president imperial college taiwan society, and the director the taiwan merchants association toronto. advisors jeffrey huang advisor jeffrey huang huang cheng taiwanese-american music, entertainment, and technology industry leader based out taipei, taiwan. jeff has always taken interest new technologies early adopter, starting far back during the dot-com bubble and later evolving into his most recent realization, media. his pursuits newly trending technologies have actively kept him ahead the curve and true industry leader. his most recent project, media, the number live-streaming app developed asia. the mobile app quickly became the most popular app taiwan, malaysia, hong kong, singapore and indonesia. with its recent foray into the japanese market, media intends multi-regional online media giant that challenges and seeks displace the traditional media yesterday. kevin advisor kevin currently the senior vice president product and engineering media. scaled the engineering team from five more than hundred people and led the product from zero revenue massively profitable. before joining the company, founded his company named smd lab, which developed and licensed his news summarization algorithm several companies, and developed the public bike app ios. kevin specializes building large-scale distributed systems, and also early adopter blockchain technology. kevin holds m.s. and b.a. degree electrical engineering from national taiwan university. wei-ning huang advisor wei-ning the cto and co-founder the cobinhood cryptocurrency exchange. leads team engineers build the cobinhood exchange from the ground up. before that, has three years' working experience google. wei-ning also active open-source contributor and worked the open-source space for more than seven years. specializes building large-scale web applications with demanding throughput and availability. wei-ning also early adopter cryptocurrencies, having five years cryptocurrency trading experience and deep understanding the blockchain technology. wei-ning holds m.s. degree computer science and b.a. degree electrical engineering from national taiwan university. czhang lin advisor shangru lin (czhang) graduated with electrical engineering degree from university western ontario canada and executive mba degree from beijing's tsinghua university and insead business school fontainebleau, france. with over years business operations experience, czhang successfully public listed his own family company the warsaw stock exchange (poland) date still the only taiwanese firm listed central eastern europe. since czhang has continued his career the investments sector part the preangel blockchain fund. preangel was neo's seed investor back also since mid preangel has invested more than blockchain projects such oben, primas, qlink, robin, smartmesh, medicalchain, zeepin, bnktothefuture, aptoide, bluzelle, iotex and more many which have already achieved multiple market value return. currently czhang vice president the jrr crypto fund and advisor for the asian-israell blockchain association. leo cheng advisor leo cheng founder and principal blockstate, san francisco-based blockchain advisory firm. blockstate has advised blockchain projects various industry verticals, including gaming, iot/connected devices, and social media. also the chief operating officer mithril (mith). lifelong student technology, leo has always been the business side technology. prior blockstate, served the founding management team solano labs, developer tools saas company that was acquired digital. leo has held various roles finance, operations, marketing, product, and business development across startups and enterprises. leo received his economics from university california, berkeley and mba from the university michigan's ross school business. richard wang advisor richard wang joined dfj dragon fund since mr. wang has over years business development, technical marketing and sales management high technology space experiences. prior dfj dragon fund, richard served qunzhong e-commerce's ceo and successfully open the market and developed the franchise channel. prior qunzhong e-commerce, founded olea network with partners silicon valley. the company research and develop wireless intelligent ecg sensor using the doppler radar technology. has several technical papers published ieee journal. mr. wang holds msee from national chiao tung university since mr. richard wang interested artificial intelligence application and fintech area especially blockchain sector, his portfolios including yeepay, senodia, nasosic, innodealing, epticore, vechain metaversa, redpulse, alphacat daf, i-house, chinapex, red, evermarket, oben, primas, bottos, mdt and yan. i-cheng liu senior executive vice president ctbc bank https://www.linkedin.com/in/i-cheng-liu-cfa-/ jamie lin founding partner appworks (asia's leading startup accelerator), eisenhower fellow https://www.linkedin.com/in/jamielin/ disclaimers this document for the purpose the introduction the project only, and does not constitute any investment advice suggestions. neither does this document constitute any form contractual agreement, promise, commitment undertaking. participants the project must clearly understand the risks the project. purchasing any digital assets the project means participants are aware and accept the risks the project and are willing bear all subsequent consequences. the project team expressly disclaims that they shall not bear any direct indirect losses result participating the project. disclaimer terms this project include and are not limited the acquirer may subject adverse legal and/or tax implications result the acquisition transfer fmf tokens. the project may affected newly implemented regulations. prices the fmf tokens are not guaranteed increase value and may decline some circumstances. fmf tokens serve utility tokens used solely the formosa financial platform and not represent any form ownership control right fmf tokens, fmf app, any other associated entities. fmf tokens could lost stolen. blockchain-based digital assets have been subjected increasing regulatory actions many countries. any pressures adverse regulatory actions from governments regulatory bodies may impact the project described herein (the "fmf project") and fmf tokens. technologies behind the fmf project are still early stage and may not developed successfully deployed. this project and fmf tokens may not receive sufficient interests from individuals organizations. fmf project and fmf tokens may not meet the expectations the fmf team the participants the project. formosa financial platform, like any blockchain platform, may come under internet hacking attacks. software the fmf project may have loopholes and may cracked. there may not any secondary market for fmf tokens. the fmf team may undergo significant adverse changes including possible dissolution. the official website (the "website") and the wallets the fmf project may fail. other unforeseen risks. all dates and figures presented this white paper are estimated. they are subjected change without notice. formosa financial dedicated working deliver these dates and figures. prudent for formosa financial withhold the right change these figures and dates order update the services their customers according the fast-changing crypto economy. there may risks relating acts god, natural disasters, wars, terrorist attacks, riots, civil commotions widespread communicable diseases and other force majeure events beyond the control fmf team. unless participants understand the plan the project and the risks associated with blockchain-based digital assets, participants are not recommended participate the presale the fmf tokens. blockchain-based digital assets are early stage development and thus are inherently risky, and caution must taken for any participation. once participants have participated the presale the fmf tokens, the participation irreversible and cannot refunded except the event that the presale fails meet its soft ceiling. participants are notified follows: not available all persons: formosa financial platform and fmf tokens are not available all persons. participation may subject range steps, including the need provide certain information and documents. offer regulated products any jurisdiction: fmf tokens are not intended constitute securities any other regulated product any jurisdiction. this white paper does not constitute prospectus nor offer document any sort and not intended constitute offer solicitation securities any regulated product any jurisdiction. this white paper has not been reviewed any regulatory authority any jurisdiction. advice: this white paper does not constitute advice relation whether you should participate the formosa financial platform buy any fmf tokens, nor should relied upon connection with, any contract purchasing decision. participants must take all necessary professional advice, including relation tax and accounting treatment. hope the formosa financial project will highly successful. however, success not guaranteed, and digital assets and platforms involve risk. participants must assess the risks and your ability bear them. representations warranties: representations warranties are made the accuracy completeness the information, statements, opinions other matters described this document otherwise communicated connection with the project. without limitation, representation warranty given the achievement reasonableness any forward-looking conceptual statements. nothing this document should relied upon promise representation the future. the fullest extent permitted under applicable law, all liability for any loss damage whatsoever (whether foreseeable not) arising from connection with any person acting this white paper, any aspect it, notwithstanding any negligence, default lack care, disclaimed. the extent liability may restricted but not fully disclaimed, restricted the maximum extent permitted applicable law. english version prevails: this white paper provided official english version only. any translation for reference purposes only and not certified any person. there any inconsistency between translation and the english version this white paper, the english version prevails. risk disclosures (a) technology sophistication. tokens are often described exceedingly technical language; comprehensive understanding applied cryptography and computer science required order appreciate inherent risks. using the services offered fmf tokens and the website (the "services"), participants represent and warrant that they have sufficient knowledge, market sophistication, experience, and/or professional advice sufficient undertake prudent evaluation the merits and risks all transactions conducted participants pursuant the services, and agree bear sole responsibility for the aforementioned evaluation. forks. the blockchain technology underlying fmf tokens subject change any time, including changes operating rules (commonly referred "forks"), and blockchain networks may offline result bugs, hard forks, number other unforeseeable reasons. such changes may materially and adversely affect the value function the fmf tokens. participants agree that participants are fully responsible for monitoring such changes and agree bear all risks arising therefrom relating thereto. malicious nodes. some nodes the formosa financial network may malicious and attempt get rewarded without corresponding contribution; also, attackers may try ruin the formosa financial ecosystem they only suffer from minimal penalties. need strong guarantees protect the network from malicious attacks ensure that the transactions are secured and the ecosystem sustainable. some attacks that could threaten blockchain network are listed and discussed follows. sybil attack. malicious nodes could create multiple sybil identities strive for more rewards cheat the network. general, the proof mechanism should have established barriers prevent sybil attacks; however, there guarantee such barriers will always successful. out-of-work attack. while attacker can control lot nodes, the nodes could used make some troubles distributed computing network. the nodes controlled malicious attackers could called zombies. attack methodology ask the zombie nodes quit strike one time. formosa financial network, the zombie nodes may take jobs but fail complete them return invalid results. job assigned group which most are zombie nodes, the job would receive unauthentic results just simply fail. outsourcing attack. malicious nodes may outsource their jobs other nodes, such that they may earn the rewards easily without consuming the corresponding computing power. formosa financial network, nodes should present their capabilities strive for taking jobs. validation node capabilities based proof-of-intelligence may mitigate the behavior outsourcing attack because the malicious nodes would lose their jobs they not endeavor execute the same; however, there guarantee this approach will always successful. disclaimer. formosa financial hereby disclaims all responsibility for any loss damage arising from relating participants' use any services (including, but not limited to, risk losses due trading due factors beyond its control regarding the viability any specific blockchain network). formosa financial further disclaims all responsibility for any loss damages arising from relating any cyber-attacks (including without limitation the theft participants' personal information), unprecedented surges trading volume, any disruption shut down the services, other technical difficulties with respect the services. (b) security the platform participants acknowledge that information they store transfer through formosa financial's services may become irretrievably lost corrupted temporarily unavailable due variety causes, including software failures, protocol changes third party providers, internet outages, force majeure event other disasters including third party ddos attacks, scheduled unscheduled maintenance, other causes either within outside formosa financial' control. participants are solely responsible for backing and maintaining duplicate copies any information participants store transfer through formosa financial' services. (c) not securities use and purchase the tokens generated formosa financial carries significant financial risk. formosa financial hereby expressly disclaims that the transactions taking place its platform pertain any way offering securities any jurisdiction that any documents published its platform are solicitations for investment. (d) regulatory measures tokens are being, may overseen the regulatory authorities various jurisdictions. formosa financial may receive queries, notices, warnings, requests, rulings from one more regulatory authorities from time time, may even ordered suspend discontinue any action connection with the website services. the development the website may seriously affected, hindered, terminated result. (e) illiquidity and price volatility participants may find difficult impossible liquidate. there may not demand for fmf tokens. formosa financial not responsible for the circulation and trading fmf tokens the market. tokens such fmf tokens, traded markets, usually have extremely volatile prices. fluctuations price over short periods time frequently occur, which price may denominated bitcoin, ether, dollars any other fiat currency. such fluctuations could result from market forces (including speculations), regulatory changes, technical innovations, availability exchanges, and other objective factors and represent changes the balance supply and demand. formosa financial not responsible for any secondary market trading fmf tokens, nor formosa financial obliged tame any price volatility fmf tokens. careful due diligence should undertaken participants, with the full understanding that participants' contributions may not ultimately result useable valuable token and the value participants' contributions may therefore subject total loss. formosa financial does not make any representation warranty, explicit implicit, the usability the value any tokens that may utilized formosa financial platform. participants understand and accept that there warranty assurance that participants will receive any benefits through any fmf tokens that participants hold. (f) compliance users. participants acknowledge and agree that formosa financial not responsible for determining whether which laws, rules, regulations apply may apply participants' transactions (including, without limitation, any anti-money laundering laws, securities laws and tax laws). participants acknowledge and agree that participants are solely responsible for compliance with all such laws rules, regulations may applicable participants' transactions. without limiting the foregoing, participants acknowledge and agree that participants are solely responsible for all tax obligations arising from participants' use the services. participants further acknowledge and agree that formosa financial shall not liable, whether directly indirectly, for any participants' tax obligations. (g) disclosure compliance. participants acknowledge and agree that formosa financial' recordkeeping and customer verification procedures may be, without prior notice, subject change any time required applicable regulations state the art practices. applicable law, regulation, and executive orders may require formosa financial to, upon request government agencies, freeze suspend withdrawals trading (or both), disclose information regarding participants' account(s). the event such disclosure compelled, participants agree that formosa financial may disclose information regarding participants' accounts. while formosa financial will endeavor to, where commercially reasonable, give participants prior notice such disclosure, formosa financial makes guarantees that such prior notice will made.