whitepaper published august environmental sustainability meets the sustainable business index unlocking undervalued asset class mitigating impacts products and services application funds executive team and advisors token sale offer company information future use-cases token allocation climate neutral fuel token sale demand side use-cases waste-to-energy solutions introduction jurisdictional choice confidentiality statement this document has been issued the strictest confidence and parts this, any other document this regard, may reproduced communicated any form, without the express prior consent impactchoice. continuing past this point you acknowledge the confidentiality the information contained herein, and that same shall only used for the specific purpose evaluating the business opportunity herein represented impactchoice. introduction climate change poses major risk the global economy, affecting the wealth and prosperity all citizens and nations around the world. will have significant impact resource availability, energy pricing, infrastructure vulnerability and company valuations. corporate environmental sustainability efforts are longer considered purely voluntary. customers and shareholders alike now expect meaningful energy and emissions reductions, whilst legislators every level are creating new regulations that require proof compliance climate change adaptation. the untapped and undervalued natural capital asset class estimated worth excess usd trillion, while specific assets represented institutions and individuals committed some sort divestment from fossil fuels estimated reach trillion capital asset market, creating natural asset marketplace that allows all stakeholders the climate value chain participate. stakeholders will also able package assets with value added services create customized offerings catering new market segments, expanding the overall market and creating additional wealth for all participants. provider innovative environmental sustainability solutions since understand the immense value this new platform and paradigm. already offer unique range existing solutions that create demand for natural capital assets, underpinned proven business models, with existing, paying clients. climate change adaptation requires our collective, and urgent inter vention, ensure future generations are left with sustainable planet. rare opportunity create significant wealth doing the right thing. while awareness and legislation regarding climate change and the critical importance natural assets grows, there yet transparent mechanism connect producers these natural assets with the buyers and consumers those assets. earth token and the natural asset exchange blockchain platform described herein based the premise that impactchoice will raise capital via crowdfunding. today, the case with many industries, control and the resultant benefits reside with privileged few. look forward you joining our community make difference and realise the benefits this enormous market opportunity. the natural asset exchange blockchain platform and earth token cryptocurrency provides unique opportunity truly transform the natural leonard harley group managing director impactchoice ltd unlocking undervalued asset class blockchains are clearly changing the world. pick almost any industry and you can observe how blockchain technology has the potential cause disruptive change. consider project financing, where bankers, private equity, venture capital and selected individuals have for far too long controlled most the capital, and the resultant profits that flow from investments projects. universally accessible world, world which community participants and common folk get equal opportunity participate, and share, the value that they create. natural capital the world's stock natural resources. the untapped and undervalued. natural capital asset class estimated worth excess usd trillion, yet transparent mechanism exists connect producers natural assets with business, consumers, iot devices. blockchains carry the promise more inclusive and establishment the natural asset exchange blockchain platform with earth token the settlement mechanism currency will: provide free, open, transparent and universally accessible platform connecting producers natural assets with buyers eliminate fraud and double counting natural assets provide sellers with flexible pricing mechanisms reduce complexity related fiat currency exchange rates eliminate registration fees for both buyers and sellers eliminate the need for external party registries for buyers and sellers eliminate the requirement for buyers fund escrow accounts eliminate minimum transaction volumes vastly reduce transaction fees reduce lead times through simultaneous fulfilment settlement enable embedding natural assets directly into products and/or services enable all invest natural asset projects, creating sustainable, riskadjusted, long-term returns for all participants the natural asset exchange blockchain platform will enable certified natural capital asset project developers list their products (e.g. carbon credits, rec's, metered output, etc.), unique blockchain smart contract platform, specifically designed for the natural asset trading market, cost. since the natural assets will reside directly blockchain there will need for sellers incur the costs related party registries record sales and retirement assets. innovative aspect blockchain technology that automatically prevents double-spend natively loaded assets, resulting fraud-resistant solution. since our establishment have been pioneering the use digitally represented natural assets provide innovative environmental sustainability solutions. april launched the latest version our climate asset management and trading platform that based private permissioned blockchain ledger. there are registration fees for buyers, and there need fund escrow accounts with exchange, the current practice, nor are there any limits transaction volumes (unless stipulated the seller), nor will buyers required register with party registries; all which are current barriers participation. sellers control their own profit pipeline having access range flexible pricing mechanisms (e.g. fixed price, spot rate, various auction types, etc.), which they will able assign their asset pool based their chosen percentage the pool allocation; all without long-term contractual lock-in. the use earth tokens (earth) the settlement currency reduces complexity related fiat currency exchange rates, along with significantly reduced transaction fees. earth tokens will based ethereum, next generation blockchain protocol enabling advanced smart contracts. fulfilment and settlement will take place simultaneously, based the terms the agreed smart contract between buyers and sellers the time purchase, essentially eliminating lengthy transaction lead times that are commonplace. just-intime purchasing natural assets that transparent and global scale, will finally reality. market makers, such impactchoice others, will have access smart contracts api's enable direct integration into their systems, for embedding natural assets directly into their products, services and solutions. the ability mitigate environmental impact complex, integrated manufacturing processes and supply-chains, pay-as-you-go, just-in-time fashion, becomes truly feasible, reducing corporate risk and exposure hedged natural assets. direct sales business and consumers will facilitated using applications that are accessible multiple device types and operating systems (e.g. desktop browser, mobile ios android, etc.), whilst specific smart contracts and api's will cater for iot connected devices. believe that the proliferation smart devices will ultimately result requirement for device enabled environmental impact mitigation, via self-regulated smart contract interfaces. the development and the adoption earth token the underpinning store value and settlement mechanism the natural asset exchange can foster unprecedented accessibility and transparency the trading natural assets. will truly democratize global efforts that are aiming address climate change adaptation, corporate, consumer and iot device levels, for the sake future generations. ethereum future-proof (e.g. iot smart contracts), censorship resistant, globally available, and provides transparent guarantees about future operations the platform. with ethereum, can eliminate middlemen and counterparty risk the currency level. natural capital asset provider waste energy projects solar projects windfarm projects carbon sequestration projects avoided emissions projects small scale hydro other projects supply side natural asset exchange blockchain demand side future growth existing imapactchoice solutions carbon mitigation solution climate neutral fuel clean energy solutions direct sales global marketplace iot devices party solutions emissions per room night hotel guest (scope and (scope) the diagram above illustrates the concept "scope transfer" related business transaction across given supply chain; i.e. upstream provider's (e.g. the hotel's) combined scope emissions, are also the downstream consumer's (e.g. the guest's) scope emissions. environmental impact the 'room night', both parties benefit! the hotel deducts the emissions reduction from their overall emissions, association the transaction, whilst the guest receives the actual carbon asset that used mitigate their environmental impact, proportional their number 'room night' stays. when implementing our environmental impact mitigation solution, transfer emissions mitigating carbon asset from the native carbon asset source wallet address, wallet address owned environmental impact mitigation. the emissions reduction value has been calculated based direct scope emissions using the hcmi methodology, hospitality providers are legitimately entitled claim carbon neutrality for their participating guest's emissions. the hotel can then deduct the same amount scope emissions their own reporting, association the climate asset transfer transaction. conversely, recipients natural assets are legitimately entitled use the transferred scope natural assets part their own environmental impact mitigating activities. for our clients the business-to-business (bb) market, the above embedded environmental impact mitigation activity has proven distinct differentiator enabling our clients win new contracts and grow market share. demand side use-cases the solutions described below showcase current impactchoice implementations that drive demand for natural assets via the provision our unique environmental sustainability solutions. our technology enables our clients address climate change adaptation, and create differentiated value that helps them build brand equity increase market share. carbon mitigation the impactchoice carbon mitigation solution elegant approach compensating for negative environmental impact. works apportioning environmental impact mitigation mechanisms, and costs, predetermined business metrics, which are directly linked with product, and service delivery, cost sales models. believe inevitable that mitigation environmental impacts associated with the provision products and services will eventually factored into their price the consumer. since have been developing business models, and technology platforms, enable this shift, thereby adding value both our clients and their downstream customers. hospitality example let's hotel example. start calculating the 'per room night' carbon equivalent footprint associated with providing room, facilities and services guests. this achieved conducting accredited ghg emissions audit, which the hospitality industry based the hotel carbon management initiative (hcmi) developed the international tourism partnership (itp) and the world travel tourism council (wttc). asset address recipient addresses impactchoice natural asset natural assets linked guest stays are transferred recipient addresses... drawn from the source asset residing the blockchain... natural asset available value natural asset transferred value confirmation transaction completion via multilingual, template driven email, allowing for full accordance the needs each client hotel, creating environmental "touch point" with guests their own language, post check-out. whilst there are many changes hotels can make internal processes, behaviours, technology facilities, order reduce their emissions, efficiency gains can only far there will always emissions footprint associated with the operations, matter how efficient the processes technologies they use. each transaction results the generation public summary page containing information related the asset transfer. clients and asset recipients are turn able share these public summary pages via social media channels such facebook, twitter and linkedin raise their social standing relation environmental sustainability stewardship. addition, number essential processes technologies often exist that are simply too costprohibitive alter. the net result residual emissions footprint that requires mitigation. the overall value proposition and benefits our proven emissions mitigation solution can therefore summarised follows: marketing benefits enables the marketing and sales 'climate neutral' guest experience includes annual greenhouse gas emissions inventory audits (ghg protocol hcmi), and provides inputs for gri sustainable development reporting sustainable tourism certifications provides individual and corporate guests with tangible carbon assets irrefutable proof environmental impact mitigation creates 'environmental touch points' with guests that can leveraged social media channels environmental and technical benefits provides the foundation for long-term environmental sustainability strategy that results immediate reduction emissions, that also includes environmental and socio-economic benefits for participating communities energy management system which enables allowing for continued identification power consumption reduction opportunities and billing verification also typically included. credible and tangible carbon asset management program built blockchain distributed ledger technology access iso compliant environmental management system currently under development according str global, there are between million and million hotel rooms worldwide. using conservative occupancy rate only indicates that there are excess billion room nights sold per annum. the hospitality industry alone, therefore, represents significant market opportunity for our carbon mitigation solution described above, and evidenced via our existing hospitality client base. what have described above truly ubiquitous environmental impact mitigation solution that can applied any business, any size, any industry and accommodate any use-case. simply need package and sell the solution the same manner have done within the hospitality industry drive demand. climate neutral fuel the impactchoice climate neutral fuel solution ove key efficiency combustion equipment assets, resulting overall improvement fuel consumption, reduced fuel costs and mitigation harmful emissions associated with the combustion fuel vehicles, generators and other combustion assets vital business and industry. our implementation based provision the following distinct core components: epa registered sabs sans: compliant fuel catalyst automated bulk fuel treatment dosing plant carbon mitigation solution based fuel volume treated bulk fuel storage tank gauging asset level dispensing solution business intelligence and reporting console related bulk fuel deliveries, fuel dosing treatments, bulk fuel tank gauging monitoring and asset level fuel dispensing fuel efficiency monitoring modern combustion catalysts undeniably improve fuel economy. the impactchoice combustion registered, generation combustion enhancing technology based catalytic effects, manufactured the usa, and licensed impactchoice for world-wide distribution and sale. conceived during the development and manufacturing solid rocket fuel for the atk thiokol rocket booster program the usa. was formulated based the understanding burn rate modifiers used the missile defence programs for the military, and rocket booster technology used nasa. integral component our climate neutral fuel solution the application, dosing, the fuel catalyst into bulk fuel storage facilities. ensure continuity solution delivery intend install sophisticated, fully-automated bulk fuel catalyst injection dosing system which would integrated into the bulk fuel storage facilities operated our clients, plug play basis. multifunctional combustion catalysts that include combustion surface modifiers deposit surface modifiers, which can used with any liquid hydrocarbon fuel ranging from gasoline diesel residual fuel, and has even shown promise for use with solid carbon fuels such coal. our dosing systems will automatically, accurately and consistently inject our fuel catalyst into bulk fuel storage tanks all climatic conditions and incorporate optional asset level consumption monitoring, data logging and near real-time data communications into single system. meters meters bulk fuel dosing system air relief tank level probe static in-line mixer catalyst circulation pump catalyst injection point dosing pump enclosure dmh motor, flow meter manual re-fill point (incl transfer pump) flow meter and sensor air eliminator control panel the carbon mitigation solution, described above, enables bulk-volume fuel consumers rapidly compensate for their environmental impact apportioning direct (scope emissions from the combustion fuel, while mitigating these emissions through the transfer natural assets purchased via the natural asset exchange, from internationally accredited and verifiable carbon asset generation mechanisms and projects. our bulk fuel storage tank gauging solution innovative system for monitoring the fluid level inside atmospheric tanks. the system detects the static pressure generated the fluid height means tube inserted the tank and displays the fluid level volume. supporting flow rates l/min with accuracy +/- our non-commercial fuel dispensing solution enables efficient management, monitoring and control asset refueling. asset and driver tagging linked intuitive software allows for the monitoring dispensers, tanks, drivers and vehicles real time. the dispenser features electronic interface, pump, automatic nozzle, delivery hose and built-in water absorbing filter. local site ser ver provides access real-time dispensing and bulk tank level data. local site data periodically synchronised our cloud based reporting system for consolidation all site level telemetry. since the bulk dosing system records live telemetry, each client provided with customised reporting console affording authorised users view raw data key indicators such fuel volumes received treated, fuel catalyst volumes consumed, net financial benefit achieved, and more, presented business intelligence reporting dashboard. live telemetry also caters for centralized alarm and reaction management. climate neutral fuel solution tank level graph tank levels litres litres jul litres litres jun litres may litres april litres litres litres litres litres litres litres litres mar the overall value proposition and benefits our climate neutral fuel solution can therefore summarised follows: reduced emissions during the combustion process and avoided emissions using less fuel combustion process enhancing fuel catalyst residual emissions mitigation and reduction environmental impact through the purchase aug sep oct natural assets via the natural asset exchange based actual fuel volume consumed reduced overall cost fuel purchases results on-going net financial benefit more targeting volume consumers fuel represents significant market opportunity for our climate neutral fuel solution described above. gasification system gasification system methanization synthetic natural gas (sng) coal waste gasification and gas treating the syngas produced this gasification process clean, dry, flexible fuel which can burned create heat and electricity, passed through any several different catalysts produce fluids such alcohols and transportation fuels, including clean burning diesel, used supply pure hydrogen gas for multiple applications. impactchoice has partnered with tcg projects provide the carbon mitigation solution described above mitigate the actual emissions produced during the process, resulting climate neutral energy products, when combined with our carbon mitigation solution. the ceramic industries group leader the design and manufacture ceramic tiles and bathroom-ware. founded the group operates six factories south africa, and one australia. tcg industries for the deployment waste coal syngas power generation solutions, visualised above. waste-to-energy solutions waste-to-energy the process generating energy from the primary treatment waste materials, and form energy recovery. coal waste petroleum coke fuel gas power generation oil residue municipal solid waste (msw) tcg projects (pty) ltd (tcgprojects.co.za), strategic business partner, provides gasification plants capable converting any carbon-containing feedstock such biomass, coal, petroleum coke, municipal solid waste into synthetic gas (syngas), consisting primarily hydrogen (h) and carbon monoxide (co). steam electricity chemical conversion hydrogen, methanol ammonia, other chemicals liquefaction transportation fuels: diesel, jet, gasoline biomass refuse-derived fuel (rdf) substitute fuel for existing industrial boilers methanization synthetic natural gas (sng) currently have additional confirmed waste-to-energy project opportunities similar the above, awaiting implementation, subject the requisite funding becoming available, collaboration with major multinational provider power generation equipment. future use-cases the natural asset exchange and the use earth tokens (earth) the settlement currency, will allow everyone participate environmental impact mitigation initiatives, allowing the market grow organically and reach massive potential. below are just some potential use-cases. iot and artificial intelligence (ai) evolves these will explode into new areas have not imagined yet! sharing economy (airbnb, uber etc.) public transportation traditional b&b guest house stays datacentres isp services blockchain transaction confirmation energy use movie theatre festival theme park attendance personal electricity fuel consumption food production across full supply chain restaurant fast food purchases iot device energy consumption multiple industrial processes governmental service delivery industrial manufacturing across multiple industries aviation clothing manufacture and distribution vehicle manufacture, distribution, and use recycling industry marine transport and fishing breweries electronics manufacture, distribution, and use natural assets, the only difference being this case, that the asset production facility directly connected the client given geographic location. the production synthetic natural gas gigajoules will recorded via calibrated meters, with outputs irrefutable proof energy generation. sufficient funding will enable establish project and strategic acquisitions investment fund team merge financial expertise focused due diligence, risk assessment, and financial modelling, with our technology and environmental sustainability solutions, and commercially-viable environmental ventures and initiatives, creating more demand for use the natural asset exchange and earth the settlement mechanism. additionally, impactchoice will providing our carbon mitigation solution described above ensure that the synthetic natural gas delivered ceramics industries climate neutral. purchase energy produced will take place via the settlement instrument similar fashion other coal waste gasification system gasification and gas treating methanization natural asset exchange blockchain synthetic natural gas (sng) token sale token name: earth token token stages and exchange rates token ticker symbol: token type: token sale start: earth ethereum erc pre-sale: november sale: december visit www.earth-token.com for more information. token sale duration: days minimum purchase: eth btc pre-ico: per btc eth bonus) stage ico each equal days, total days: stage per btc eth bonus) stage per btc eth bonus) stage per btc eth number tokens issued: funding cap tier eth natural asset exchange development, deployment and company funding support development and growth public platform. funding cap tier eth hard cap establishment project and acq nve associated investments. funding currencies: ethereum (eth), bitcoin (btc). security: funds will held using multi-sig wallets according industry best practices requiring signatories release funds. nb: the only trusted source information related this token sale will the official earth token maximum billion earth website (www.earth-token.com). other information source will carry official information! any funding addresses publicly advertised should considered 'scams'. exchangeable, and will listed selected exchanges once distributed. token holders will free buy and sell earth tokens once they are listed. earth ownership does not give the owner any kind share equity voting rights impactchoice, any future legal entities that may incorporated result the token sale. consequently, earth does not qualify security any kind. token allocation the primary source for any information related the earth token sale this document, written the english language. during our token sale marketing efforts this document, and the information contained herein, may translated into other languages, which time some the information contained herein may lost, corrupted, misrepresented. such cannot guarantee any such alternative communications, therefore the provisions this english language original document shall prevail the event any conflicts inconsistencies. this document does not, and should not deemed to, constitute prospectus any sort solicitation for investment. laws regulations any jurisdiction designed protect investors were taken cco document, therefore not offer solicitation buy any form security any jurisdiction. statements information which involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties. such, actual events results may differ materially from any such possible for ward-looking statements, they expressed implied. public private please note that the earth token sale not being offered citizens residents the united states america the republic mauritius. the tokens have not been, and will not be, registered under the united states securities act amended (the "securities act"), nor the mauritian equivalent, and may not offered sold the united states mauritius, to, for the benefit persons (as defined regulation under the securities act) unless they are registered, exemption from the registration requirements the securities act available, the mauritian equivalent. one such exemption allows the resale tokens purchased for their own account and for investment purposes only investors who: (i) are not otherwise affiliated with impactchoice, (ii) have been exposed for some time the economic risks that ownership tokens entails, and (iii) are not part the distribution the tokens. one such exemption allows the resale tokens for their own account and for investment purposes only investors who: party service providers token sale, token sale logistics and technology platform partner, founders, stakeholders, advisors, early contributors, earth reserve for liquidity, incentives contractors and suppliers. the emission (vesting cliff), shall be: time distribution, thereafter ever months until complete. application funds although have number solutions already deployed, impactchoice view this opportunity the beginning long and fruitful journey for all our stakeholders. are committed ensuring that funding committed projects and initiatives that grow the natural asset market, creating environment that fosters continuous innovation and involves the broader global community. continue add value and grow our market cap, everybody benefits. tier funding will applied to: provision development/deployment platforms and infrastructure for natural asset exchange (nae) resource development and solutions delivery teams execute go-to-market (gtm) strategy for earth and nae develop additional core systems capabilities for nae greenhouse gas (ghg) auditing system self-service on-boarding and provisioning capabilities for small-tomedium enterprises (smes) backwards-compatible porting capabilities for existing legacy systems clients establish network operations centre (noc) develop and launch global voluntary corporate emissions trading scheme launch nae and execute global gtm strategy commercialise climate-neutral fuel solution establish innovation and incubation centre tasked with developing and launching packaged solutions targeted expanding reach and increasing earth transaction volumes tier funding any and all the following based funding level achieved: extend platform capabilities recruiting strategic partners and executing robust m&a acquire metric tons carbon credits from the kariba redd project (carbongreenafrica.net) provisioned the natural asset trading exchange acquire energy management systems company (already identified) acquire identified environmental management systems company and interface ems iso modules into core carbon mitigation solution platform establish project and strategic acquisitions investment fund and team manage and find opportunities for investment fund and strategic acquisitions fund investment waste-to-energy project establish non-profit foundation company information organisation name: impactchoice ltd legal jurisdiction: ilse man registration number: date incorporation: april financial year end: financial year: july june floor, exchange house, athol street, douglas, isle man executive team advisors self-taught coder since the age imagined, designed, built and implemented sophisticated environmental sustainability solutions impactchoice, company co-founded the earth token and nae were the last project worked and apt culmination his life's work. sorely missed and his vision for better world continues live our hearts. angus rowe co-founder, chairman angus entered the healthcare industry ceo "the health maintenance organisation (pty) ltd" and had transformed the company into the lifesense group comprising four risk management companies. under his stewardship lifesense corporate healthcare developed unique intellectual property for the purpose hiv disease management solutions resulting the company being awarded the "top disease management company" south africa for years running. angus holds graduate diploma company direction from the graduate institute management technology and has attended the owner/president management executive education course harvard business school. peter newell operations director, acting financial director peter has strong background financial services with focus customer service having spent over years the team leader corporate advice and customer care teams. peter holds bcom management from the university south africa and has completed the leadership development programme from the gordon institute business science. leonard harley co-founder, managing director, deceased december natural problem solver with 'no challenge too big' attitude, len was driven bring about positive environmental change through the development and application technological solutions. allan saunders marketing director, product management director allan seasoned product management and marketing professional with over years experience bringing leading-edge technologies market. spent years oracle and years microsoft various product management and marketing roles, often leading initiatives launch new flagship products and solutions. investments. amongst other business interests also provides crypto-currency and blockchain consulting those wishing leverage this ground breaking technology. has been integral part the impactchoice team since driving corporate vision strategy, leading product development management initiatives and responsible for global marketing. wes and len can often seen social gatherings huddled deep technical conversations regarding blockchain and crypto-currency technology. allan holds master's diploma technology from the university tshwane and bachelor commerce degree information systems and business administration from the university south africa. suyash sumaroo dennis stone director renewable energy dennis qualified ceramic technologist, spending the first years his career focused developing heat resistant solutions for ferrous and non-ferrous industries. blockchain smart contract lead suyash the co-founder codevigor, mauritian startup specialised the development web, mobile and blockchain applications. has more than years experience open-source technologies and has been working the blockchain space for years. transitioned into the energy sector, focusing mainly renewable energy, where his solar businesses have installed excess solar thermal installations and around solar installations. his success solar thermal has led focus microgrid solutions, specifically the integration waste energy, solar pv, grid, battery and generator backup projects provide cost effective and reliable micro-grid solutions for global market. omwantee moodoo nae application development head omwantee (asha) the co-founder codevigor. she has over years experience working software engineer and project manager international companies including infosys and ceridian. wesley carlson director blockchain wes bitcoin and crypto-currency enthusiast having discovered bitcoin immediately identified the potential both blockchain technologies and cryptocurrencies disrupt the status quo virtually every industry. has been closely following the development the industry ever since, and holds several cryptocurrency gavin knight advisor gavin knight has worked bitcoin since helping raise funding, and providing research and advisory bitcoin businesses and decentralized projects. sam yilmaz advisor sam yilmaz served the founder bitangels and managing partner the dapps fund which was the first fund raise all its capital crypto and invest only projects with crypto. joeri pross advisor joeri the director the premier video agency the blockchain space, hypercube. hypercube videos have helped raise hundreds millions token sales. his strength marketing, branding and project management. through the years, has built extensive network contacts the bitcoin world. has background psychiatry, teaching, motion design and lives the netherlands, literally next windmill. he's married and has daughters. jason berry advisor from jason and len formed the executive management team citec (pty) ltd, internet service provider which jason founded. was the first isp south africa implement full cisco mpls vpn, first successfully test and implement voip over satellite europe, and arguably the first isp south africa build full multi-node high-speed meshed wireless network spanning the greater urban districts johannesburg and cape town. jason has bsc electrical engineering (heavy and light current) from the university the witwatersrand and also the holder several patents. carrington phillip advisor carey presently the ceo moya telecoms, wholesale provider undersea fibre-optic capacity. previous positions include managing director smile communications kampala uganda, and vice president regulatory afrairs cox communications, inc., atlanta, ga. over the last months carey has become increasingly interested crypto-currencies and their relationship with law. holds j.d. (cum laude) from the howard university school law washington d.c. where was the top his class, and honours b.a. international affairs from queens university ontario. maurice crespi partner, schindlers attorneys maurice joined schindlers attorneys october and became partner the firm december experienced legal practitioner and highly experienced litigation attorney with several reported judgments both the south african supreme court appeal and constitutional court. regularly provides guidance boards public and private companies, and gives lectures recent developments commercial law.